"Atlanta" Sportin' Waves (TV Episode 2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7550700/?ref_=_3
"Atlanta" Sportin' Waves (TV Episode 2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Atlanta Sportin' Waves Episode aired Mar 8, 2018 TV-MATV-MA 23m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 1.8K YOUR RATING Rate S2.E2 S2 E2 All episodes All Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics All topics Play trailer0:36 2 Videos 4 Photos ComedyDramaMusic Things feel a little different back in the city at the beginning of Robbin' Season. Al and Darius have become mysteriously distant, while Tracy provides Earn with another way to make some ex... Read allThings feel a little different back in the city at the beginning of Robbin' Season. Al and Darius have become mysteriously distant, while Tracy provides Earn with another way to make some extra cash while Tracy also prepares for his interview.Things feel a little different back in the city at the beginning of Robbin' Season. Al and Darius have become mysteriously distant, while Tracy provides Earn with another way to make some extra cash while Tracy also prepares for his interview. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 1.8K YOUR RATING Rate Director Hiro Murai Writers Stephen Glover Donald Glover Jamal Olori(story editor) Stars Donald Glover Brian Tyree Henry LaKeith Stanfield Top credits Director Hiro Murai Writers Stephen Glover Donald Glover Jamal Olori(story editor) Stars Donald Glover Brian Tyree Henry LaKeith Stanfield See production, box office & company info 4User reviews 5Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Videos2 Trailer 0:36 Atlanta: Sportin' Waves Trailer 2:09 Atlanta: No Chase Policy Photos4 Add image Top cast Edit Donald Glover Earnest 'Earn' Marksas Earnest 'Earn' Marks Brian Tyree Henry Alfred 'Paper Boi' Milesas Alfred 'Paper Boi' Miles LaKeith Stanfield Dariusas Darius RJ Walker Clark Countyas Clark County Khris Davis Tracyas Tracy Marcus Samuel Blackas Black (as Marcus Jenkins) Ashley Lauren Thomas Assistantas Assistant (as Ashley Thomas) Jason Burkey Peter Savageas Peter Savage Joshua Brady Rickas Rick Jacob Crawford Engineeras Engineer Matthew Barnes Lucasas Lucas Esosa Idahosa Shagas Shag Trey Best Brianas Brian Dylan Cheek Andyas Andy Bryce Hitchcock Amberas Amber Anthony G Breed Mr. Watersas Mr. Waters (as Anthony Breed) Dwayne 'Showtim3' Dyke Jr. Mall Shopperas Mall Shopper (uncredited) Troy Simon Party Goeras Party Goer (uncredited) Director Hiro Murai Writers Stephen Glover Donald Glover Jamal Olori(story editor) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Storyline Edit Things feel a little different back in the city at the beginning of Robbin' Season. Al and Darius have become mysteriously distant, while Tracy provides Earn with another way to make some extra cash while Tracy also prepares for his interview. —Jordan Cobbs drug dealrobberyradio spotmallscam5 more Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Comedy Drama Music Certificate TV-MA Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Tracy briefly references the Netflix animated series Bojack Horseman while describing to Earn its themes of depression and pondering if he could still "feel bad for that horse." Connections References BoJack Horseman (2014) Soundtracks All There (uncredited) Written by Dwayne Spen Richardson, Jeezy (as Jay Jenkins), and Bankroll Fresh (as Trentavious White) Performed by Jeezy featuring Bankroll Fresh User reviews4 Review Top review 10/10 The Business is Tough... If the first episode promised anything for this new season, it was that it was going to more edge to it than the first one, and "Robbin' Season" has proved that its not afraid to make things real. The first episode had a very somber tone and didn't feel like the first season in the longrun, but I was prepared for that. I knew that this season was going to be something special, which is why I'm not going to give up on it, because I think it could become something as memorable as the first season. Besides, there are a lot of things from the first season still open, one of those things being the entire music business story that was never really finished. I was so happy to see that the second episode of this season continued on that storyline and actually gave us some more from that specific storyline, and I am so excited to see what the rest of the season has in store for everyone of these characters and to see how they are going to be affected by these tough times coming to Atlanta. As I mentioned, one of the best things about this episode, is that is continues the music plotline from the first season. I very much like to see some progression there and I think that Stephen Glover came up with a good way of showing it. We see Earnest and Alfred going in to show there music to a studio, and the setting made for some genius moments that I found so funny. The episode makes it very clear that Al doesn't belong in this specific part of the industry, and I think that gave something more to his character; something that I didn't really see in the first season so much. The comedic writing in this episode is truly subtle, and I loved it. There are a few lines that got the big laughs out for me, but for the most part, it was the small moments that I didn't realize were actually happening before they were past those moments. Those are my personal favorite comedic moments and they don't simply go for the big laughs. Glover made some clever decisions by going that route, instead of relying on funny lines. Besides the entire thing with the music industry, there is also another part of the episode, which focuses more on showing the hard times for all of these characters. We see that in manifestation of Tracy who is a new character that lives in Al's crip along with him and Darius. I don't know what role Tracy is going to play yet, but I know that I loved his role in this particular episode, because he never tried to take over the screen, and it's easy to see that writers are approaching this character with ease, which is a good idea, because he is a new addition that we don't have a big relationship with. There were also some great callbacks to Season One. Not just the thing with the music industry, but there was a very clear part of the episode that came from something that was never finished in the first season. I appreciated that they finished up that story, and kinda tied up some loose threads from the first season. I can think of a few other elements that they need to tie up that way, but after this episode, I think they'll definitely get to that. I also loved the performances in the episode, especially Brian Tyree Henry who is constantly impressing me with his comedic ability. He gives such a subtle performance every time he's on screen, and it's never feels like he's trying to up-act anyone, because that's not what his performance calls for. I loved him in this episode, and I am excited to see where his character is going in the future episodes of this season. helpful•4 2 lassegalsgaard Apr 1, 2018 Details Edit Release date March 8, 2018 (United States) See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 23 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.78 : 1 Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.