12 Angry Men (1957) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050083/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_5
12 Angry Men (1957) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In 12 Angry Men 19571957 ApprovedApproved 1h 36m IMDb RATING 9.0/10 736K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 406 110 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:36 1 Video 99+ Photos CrimeDrama The jury in a New York City murder trial is frustrated by a single member whose skeptical caution forces them to more carefully consider the evidence before jumping to a hasty verdict.The jury in a New York City murder trial is frustrated by a single member whose skeptical caution forces them to more carefully consider the evidence before jumping to a hasty verdict.The jury in a New York City murder trial is frustrated by a single member whose skeptical caution forces them to more carefully consider the evidence before jumping to a hasty verdict. IMDb RATING 9.0/10 736K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 406 110 Director Sidney Lumet Writer Reginald Rose(story) Stars Henry Fonda Lee J. Cobb Martin Balsam Top credits Director Sidney Lumet Writer Reginald Rose(story) Stars Henry Fonda Lee J. Cobb Martin Balsam See production, box office & company info 1.8KUser reviews 160Critic reviews 96Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #5 Nominated for 3 Oscars 17 wins & 13 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 1:36 12 Angry Men Photos114 Top cast Edit Henry Fonda Juror 8as Juror 8 Lee J. Cobb Juror 3as Juror 3 Martin Balsam Juror 1as Juror 1 John Fiedler Juror 2as Juror 2 E.G. Marshall Juror 4as Juror 4 Jack Klugman Juror 5as Juror 5 Edward Binns Juror 6as Juror 6 Jack Warden Juror 7as Juror 7 Joseph Sweeney Juror 9as Juror 9 Ed Begley Juror 10as Juror 10 George Voskovec Juror 11as Juror 11 Robert Webber Juror 12as Juror 12 Rudy Bond Judgeas Judge (uncredited) Tom Gorman Stenographeras Stenographer (uncredited) James Kelly Guardas Guard (uncredited) Billy Nelson Court Clerkas Court Clerk (uncredited) John Savoca The Accusedas The Accused (uncredited) Walter Stocker Man Waiting for Elevatoras Man Waiting for Elevator (uncredited) Director Sidney Lumet Writer Reginald Rose(story) (screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.9 Schindler's List 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 9.2 The Godfather 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.9 Pulp Fiction 9.3 The Shawshank Redemption 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.6 Se7en Storyline Edit The defense and the prosecution have rested, and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young man is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open-and-shut case of murder soon becomes a detective story that presents a succession of clues creating doubt, and a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, AND each other. Based on the play, all of the action takes place on the stage of the jury room. —pjk <PETESID@VNET.IBM.COM> jurydialogue drivencourtroomsingle set productiontrial87 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Life Is In Their Hands -- Death Is On Their Minds! Genres Crime Drama Certificate Approved Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia At the beginning of the film, the cameras are all positioned above eye level and mounted with wide-angle lenses to give the appearance of greater distance between the subjects. As the film progresses the cameras slip down to eye level. By the end of the film, nearly all of it is shot below eye level, in close-up and with telephoto lenses to increase the encroaching sense of claustrophobia. Goofs Within the last half hour of the movie, the clock on the wall in the jury room can be seen indicating 6:15. Several minutes later, E.G. Marshall states that it is "a quarter after six". Several minutes after that, the wall clock is seen again, but still shows 6:15. Still later, when Lee J. Cobb leans over the table after he tears up the snapshot from his wallet, his watch can be seen indicating 5:10. Quotes Juror #8: Let me ask you this: Do you really think the boy'd shout out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood could hear him? I don't think so - he's much too bright for that. Juror #10: Bright? He's a common ignorant slob. He don't even speak good English. Juror #11: [who has a foreign accent] He *doesn't* speak good English. Crazy credits At the end of the film, the actors are billed in order of their juror numbers; thus Henry Fonda, although the star of the film, appears 8th. Connections Edited into Voskovec & Werich - paralelní osudy (2012) Soundtracks Dance of the Cuckoos (uncredited) Music by Marvin Hatley Portion whistled by Jack Warden User reviews1.8K Review Top review 10/10 No bombs, no car chases but edge of the seat stuff none the less This film is superb, in fact as Shakespeare once said "Its the bees' knees". The film captivates the audience from the beginning. Each of the twelve jurors are introduced to us as they are introduced to themselves. The characters are well draw out and individual, each with his own personality. The tension of the characters draws the audience in from the start. We imagine that the case is open and shut, 11 me saying guilty and 1 not. We feel the discomfort of Henry Fonda as the other characters belittle and mock how he can see any reasonable doubt in the case. But we also share his victories and the enthusiasm as he proceeds to refute or add doubt to the arguments for guilty and are captivated and draw in as other jurors begin to see doubt in the proceedings. The audience can also see the arguments for guilty and wonder if Fonda's character is correct in saying that he doubts. Yet they also feel the shame of the characters as he disproves that a previously sound theory is iron tight, joining his side as members of the jury do. On top of this they are wonderfully woven in human elements such as the misconceptions that influence people and the growing tension between different characters. This is brought to life even more by the amazing performances, Fonda, Lee J Cobb and Joseph Sweeney are of particular note. I started watching this film on a bored relaxed laying about day but by the end i was on the edge of the seat with my hands on my knees feeling more tense than a politician on results day. How a film should be made. Modern directors take note(thats ur telling off for the day) 10/10 helpful•673 65 Andrew Devonshire Sep 18, 2002 FAQ1 Where the movie was shot? Details Edit Release date April 10, 1957 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 十二怒汉 Filming locations New York County Courthouse - 60 Centre Street, New York City, New York, USA Production company Orion-Nova Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $350,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $955 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 36 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Ira Glasser Oct 19Trailers from Hell Stephen Chbosky Sep 21Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of 12 Angry Men (1957) in Spain?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.