1917 (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8579674/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_118
1917 (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In 1917 20192019 RR 1h 59m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 506K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 98 49 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:26 44 Videos 99+ Photos ActionDramaWar April 6th, 1917. As a regiment assembles to wage war deep in enemy territory, two soldiers are assigned to race against time and deliver a message that will stop 1,600 men from walking strai... Read allApril 6th, 1917. As a regiment assembles to wage war deep in enemy territory, two soldiers are assigned to race against time and deliver a message that will stop 1,600 men from walking straight into a deadly trap.April 6th, 1917. As a regiment assembles to wage war deep in enemy territory, two soldiers are assigned to race against time and deliver a message that will stop 1,600 men from walking straight into a deadly trap. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 506K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 98 49 Director Sam Mendes Writers Sam Mendes Krysty Wilson-Cairns Stars Dean-Charles Chapman George MacKay Daniel Mays Top credits Director Sam Mendes Writers Sam Mendes Krysty Wilson-Cairns Stars Dean-Charles Chapman George MacKay Daniel Mays See production, box office & company info 3.2KUser reviews 508Critic reviews 78Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #118 Won 3 Oscars 134 wins & 200 nominations total Videos44 Trailer 2:26 Theatrical Trailer Trailer 2:31 Official Trailer Trailer 2:07 Official Trailer Trailer 2:29 1917 Trailer 2:36 1917 Trailer 1:52 1917 Clip 3:24 Bong Joon Ho Makes Oscars History Clip 1:18 Roger Deakins Thinks You Don't Know Where the Cuts Are in '1917' Clip 4:30 What BAFTA, SAG, & DGA Wins Predict for the 2020 Oscars Clip 1:59 A Guide to the Films of Sam Mendes Clip 4:24 '1917': How the Epic World War I Film Was Made Clip 4:15 Oscars 2020 Snubs, Surprises, & Historic Firsts Photos314 Top cast Edit Dean-Charles Chapman Lance Corporal Blakeas Lance Corporal Blake George MacKay Lance Corporal Schofieldas Lance Corporal Schofield Daniel Mays Sergeant Sandersas Sergeant Sanders Colin Firth General Erinmoreas General Erinmore Pip Carter Lieutenant Gordonas Lieutenant Gordon Andy Apollo Sergeant Milleras Sergeant Miller Paul Tinto NCO Bakeras NCO Baker Josef Davies Private Stokesas Private Stokes Billy Postlethwaite NCO Harveyas NCO Harvey Gabriel Akuwudike Private Buchananas Private Buchanan Andrew Scott Lieutenant Leslieas Lieutenant Leslie Spike Leighton Private Kilgouras Private Kilgour Robert Maaser German Pilotas German Pilot Gerran Howell Private Parryas Private Parry Adam Hugill Private Atkinsas Private Atkins Mark Strong Captain Smithas Captain Smith Richard McCabe Colonel Collinsas Colonel Collins Benjamin Adams Sergeant Harropas Sergeant Harrop Director Sam Mendes Writers Sam Mendes Krysty Wilson-Cairns All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.8 Dunkirk 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.4 Joker 8.1 Hacksaw Ridge 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.6 Gisaengchung 8.1 Ford v Ferrari 8.4 Django Unchained 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.2 Shutter Island 8.4 The Dark Knight Rises 8.2 Green Book Storyline Edit April 1917, the Western Front. Two British soldiers are sent to deliver an urgent message to an isolated regiment. If the message is not received in time the regiment will walk into a trap and be massacred. To get to the regiment they will need to cross through enemy territory. Time is of the essence and the journey will be fraught with danger. —grantss world war oneyear 1917no man's landlong takedeath391 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Time is the enemy. Genres Action Drama War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence, some disturbing images, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Sir Sam Mendes (director) and Lee Smith (editor) stated that despite the apparently continuous shot (broken only by one interval of unconsciousness), there were actually dozens of "invisible" edits, concealed by transitions through black, moves behind objects, and so on. According to Mendes, the shortest unbroken shot was 39 seconds long, while the longest single continuous shot was 8 1/2 minutes long. Goofs The British medical station is above ground and too close to the front lines. It is well within range of German artillery. Normally, such large open-air stations would be miles behind the front lines. Smaller, underground aid stations would give first aid to the wounded. Then they would move to the larger medical stations. Similarly, German artillery pieces would never be sited just behind the front lines as shown, but several miles back. Quotes General Erinmore: [quoting Rudyard Kipling] Down to Gehenna, or up to the Throne, He travels the fastest who travels alone. Crazy credits The opening logos are shortened and tinted blue. Alternate versions In India, the film received multiple verbal cuts in order to obtain a U/A classification. Also, two anti-smoking video disclaimers and a smoking kills caption were added. This version also features local partner credits at the beginning and an interval card after Schofield is hit. Connections Featured in Jeremy Jahns: 1917 (2019) Soundtracks I Am a Poor Wayfaring Stranger Arranged by Craig Leon Performed by Jos Slovick User reviews3.2K Review Top review 8/10 1917 recruits you to experience a war journey done in an impressive "one-shot" style that I can't say i've seen before Saving Private Ryan, 30 Seconds over Tokyo, Patton, Inglorious Bastards, The Great Escape and Schindler's List are only a few of the countless movies about World War II that have been made. In fact, many are still made today. So why haven't there been a lot of movies about the first World War? I think it comes down to exactly what was being fought for and what it meant for everyone. Everyone can agree that Nazism is bad and running a nation as a dictatorship robs everyone of their freedom. Germany was a common enemy that everyone would want to fight, similar to a simple film's goal of good against evil. While World War I may have not had a simple enemy to get behind, it's still an important war as it collapsed several European empires, set the stage for a revolution in Russia, put the U.S. in a larger military position and unfortunately led to the deaths of millions. What movies can do is really put us in the position of those solders to see the magnitude of warfare and it's path of devastation. This may make 1917 one of the most intense movies to sit through, but an important one to witness. In the misty month of April in 1917, English soldiers are resting after seeing the Germans pulling back from the western front. Two solders, Blake (played by Dean-Charles Chapman) and Schofield (played by George MacKay) are assigned to deliver a message to another Battalion. They receive more information from General Erinmore (played by Colin Firth), where they find out that the 2nd Battalion , which is assuming an easy victory, is about to walk into a deadly battle with most of the German offensive attacking there. With the phone lines cut, both Blake and Schofield are instructed to cross No Man's Land to find the Battalion and deliver a message to not attack. Plot wise, that's all you need to know about 1917. The rest of the movie follows these two men as they cross over the horror that is No Man's Land, abandoned German trenches and everything else that would scare any soldier crossing the lines. What separates this from a lot of other war movies is that the entire film is created to appear that everything is done in one continuous shot, never taking the perspective away from the main characters. This also includes time and light, depending whether it's day or night. Even with it's ambition, 1917 is still a phenomenal movie that's an experience that gave my heart a large rush. Director Sam Mendes (American Beauty, Skyfall) clearly wanted to give audiences the best way to experience the trenches and gunshots and did so through this one shot story. Birdman may have done something similar, but given how many extras and special effects went off, I would love to see a behind the scenes look at how everything was done. The cinematography pays a lot of detail to little things like the color of the sky during sunrise and how much paler skin would become after death. The story feels a lot like something out of theme park or a video game...and I mean that in a good way. You're aware that your watching someone else's experience , but the right angles do make you feel like you're a part of it. Where 1917 endures in the story is it's simple goal while going through several layers of warfare Hell. I could see this getting boring quick, but despite it's one shot goal, every scene still has a different look that never feels too familiar. The movie knows not to stop for too long unless it was for an important reason. It's a rush. Does this movie into the bigger political or social impact of World War I? No, but that was never the intention. It's like watching someone's small story that is large in scale. If I did have any problems is that there's a point where a character is knocked out and he's awoken. I won't say where, but it broke part of the spell that the movie put me in. You can tell it's a point where they were hiding an edit, but if the movie had a bunch of them in plain sight, you'd think they could have done better. I'll give this eight dogfight planes out of ten. Like a lot of war movies, this isn't a pleasant experience. It isn't supposed to be; it's meant to be a tool to really give you something that a lot of people have forgotten about as WWI movies aren't made a lot. I highly recommend this if your willing to see something that I can't say I could make myself. helpful•68 25 RforFilm Jan 17, 2020 FAQ27 Is this movie considered fiction, or based on a true story? What is the song sang by a soldier towards the end of the movie? Who is credited with singing the trailer version of Wayfaring Stranger? Details Edit Release date August 7, 2020 (China) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom India Spain Canada China Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Languages English French German Also known as Thế Chiến 1917 Filming locations Salisbury Plain, Wiltshire, England, UK Production companies Dreamworks Pictures Reliance Entertainment New Republic Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $95,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $159,227,644 Opening weekend US & Canada $576,216 Dec 29, 2019 Gross worldwide $384,979,149 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news BAFTA Names Pippa Harris as VP for Television Nov 17Variety Film + TV BAFTA Names ‘1917’ Producer Pippa Harris Vice President for Television Nov 17The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.