2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062622/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_88
2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In 2001: A Space Odyssey 19681968 GG 2h 29m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 635K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 555 64 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:24 8 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureSci-Fi The Monoliths push humanity to reach for the stars; after their discovery in Africa generations ago, the mysterious objects lead mankind on an awesome journey to Jupiter, with the help of H.... Read allThe Monoliths push humanity to reach for the stars; after their discovery in Africa generations ago, the mysterious objects lead mankind on an awesome journey to Jupiter, with the help of H.A.L. 9000: the world's greatest supercomputer.The Monoliths push humanity to reach for the stars; after their discovery in Africa generations ago, the mysterious objects lead mankind on an awesome journey to Jupiter, with the help of H.A.L. 9000: the world's greatest supercomputer. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 635K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 555 64 Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay by) Arthur C. Clarke(screenplay by) Stars Keir Dullea Gary Lockwood William Sylvester Top credits Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay by) Arthur C. Clarke(screenplay by) Stars Keir Dullea Gary Lockwood William Sylvester See production, box office & company info 2.3KUser reviews 284Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #88 Won 1 Oscar 16 wins & 12 nominations total Videos8 Trailer 2:24 New 70mm Trailer Trailer 2:01 Re-release Trailer Trailer 3:32 2001: A Space Odyssey Clip 4:04 'The Platform' & Future Films From the IMDb Top 250 Clip 1:35 Which Iconic Movie Characters Should Meet at the 'El Royale'? Clip 1:38 A Guide to the Films of Stanley Kubrick Video 1:20 '2001: A Space Odyssey' Changed Michael Mando's View of Life Video 2:32 Dates in Movie & TV History: Jan. 12, 1992 - HAL 9000's Birthday Photos271 Top cast Edit Keir Dullea Dr. Dave Bowmanas Dr. Dave Bowman Gary Lockwood Dr. Frank Pooleas Dr. Frank Poole William Sylvester Dr. Heywood R. Floydas Dr. Heywood R. Floyd Daniel Richter Moon-Watcheras Moon-Watcher Leonard Rossiter Dr. Andrei Smyslovas Dr. Andrei Smyslov Margaret Tyzack Elenaas Elena Robert Beatty Dr. Ralph Halvorsenas Dr. Ralph Halvorsen Sean Sullivan Dr. Bill Michaelsas Dr. Bill Michaels Douglas Rain HAL 9000as HAL 9000 (voice) Frank Miller Mission Controlleras Mission Controller (voice) Bill Weston Astronautas Astronaut Ed Bishop Aries-1B Lunar Shuttle Captainas Aries-1B Lunar Shuttle Captain (as Edward Bishop) Glenn Beck Astronautas Astronaut Alan Gifford Poole's Fatheras Poole's Father Ann Gillis Poole's Motheras Poole's Mother Edwina Carroll Aries-1B Stewardessas Aries-1B Stewardess Penny Brahms Stewardessas Stewardess Heather Downham Stewardessas Stewardess Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay by) Arthur C. Clarke(screenplay by) (short story "The Sentinel") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films 2001: A Space Odyssey and Eyes Wide Shut are just the beginning of Stanley Kubrick's legacy. Are you up to speed on the film icon's style?Watch the video 1:38 Storyline Edit "2001" is a story of evolution. Sometime in the distant past, someone or something nudged evolution by placing a monolith on Earth (presumably elsewhere throughout the universe as well). Evolution then enabled humankind to reach the moon's surface, where yet another monolith is found, one that signals the monolith placers that humankind has evolved that far. Now a race begins between computers (HAL) and human (Bowman) to reach the monolith placers. The winner will achieve the next step in evolution, whatever that may be. —Larry Cousins monolithhuman versus computerstar childcomputeryear 2001209 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Let the Awe and Mystery of a Journey Unlike Any Other Begin Genres Adventure Sci-Fi Certificate G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to Douglas Trumbull, the total footage shot was some 200 times the final length of the film. Goofs Bowman inhales deeply before attempting to re-enter the ship from the pod. Arthur C. Clarke in an interview later noted that this is incorrect. Bowman should have exhaled, as the vacuum of space would have damaged his lungs had they been full of air. Quotes HAL: I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do. Crazy credits No opening credits for actors, writers, producer, director, etc. are shown, with the story beginning right after the title. Although by the 1990s it had become quite common for major films to not have opening credits, it was still unusual in 1968. Alternate versions To create the 35mm general release prints, the Super Panavision image was slightly truncated on the top and bottom to achieve the standard 2.35:1 aspect ratio of 35mm anamorphic ("scope") prints. Connections Edited into C'è musica & musica: Nuovo mondo (1972) Soundtracks Gayane Ballet Suite -- Gayane's Adagio (1941-2) Music by Aram Khachaturyan Performed by Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra (as the Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra) Conductor Gennadi Rozhdestvensky Courtesy Deutsche Grammophon User reviews2.3K Review Top review 10/10 A film of monolithic proportions. A review I have put off for far too long.... Bluntly, 2001 is one of the best science-fiction films made to date, if not the very best. Stanley Kubrick was a genius of a film maker and this is one of his very best works. And although it is misunderstood by many, and respectively underrated, it is considered one of the best films of all time and I'll have to agree. Back in 1968, no one had done anything like this before, and no one has since. It was a marvel of a special effects breakthrough back then, and seeing how the effects hold up today, it is no wonder as to why. The film still looks marvelous after almost forty years! Take note CGI people. Through the use of large miniatures and realistic lighting, Kubrick created some of the best special effects ever put on celluloid. This aspect alone almost single-handedly created the chilling void of the space atmosphere which is also attributed to the music and realistic sound effects. I can't think of another film where you can't here anything in space, like it is in reality. Not only is the absence of sound effects in space realistic, it is used cleverly as a tool to establish mood, and it works flawlessly. Aside from the magnificent display of ingenious special effects, there are other factors that play a part in establishing the feel of the film. The music played, all classical, compliment what the eyes are seeing and make you feel the significance of man's journey through his evolution from ape to space traveler. The story, while seemingly simple, is profound. Sequentially, several mysterious black monoliths are discovered and basically trigger certain events integral to the film. What are they? Where did they come from? What do they do? These are all questions one asks oneself while watching the story develop and is asked to find his own way. While most come away with a general idea of what took place in the story, each individual will have to decide what it means to them. Any way one decides to answer these question results in profound solutions. It's not left entirely up to interpretation, but in some aspects it is. Experience it for more clarification. The end result is quite chilling, no matter your personal solution. While it is a long film, and sometimes slows down, it has to be in order to accurately portray the journey of man. It's not a subject that would have faired well in a shorter film, faster paced feature. Those with short attention spans need not apply. Last but not least, is the epitome of a remorseless antagonist, HAL 9000, the computer. Never has a machine held such a chilling screen presence. Which reminds me, for a film with such profound ambition and execution, there is surprisingly little dialogue. Another sign of Kubrick's genius. All in all, one of the best films made to date and one of the very best science fiction films made. A personal favorite. Everyone must see this film at least once. Very highly recommended. helpful•647 327 Manthorpe Jan 5, 2005 FAQ48 Why did we see 7 "stars" during David's travel into the wormhole and what is the meaning behind it? What became of the hominid monolith? When we see HAL reading the lips of the two men, we don't hear what they are saying. What were they saying to each other, when we couldn't hear them? Details Edit Release date May 12, 1968 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English Russian French Also known as 2001太空漫游 Filming locations Isle of Harris, Western Isles, Scotland, UK Production companies Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) Stanley Kubrick Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $12,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $60,405,931 Opening weekend US & Canada $202,759 May 20, 2018 Gross worldwide $65,802,496 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 29 minutes Aspect ratio 2.20 : 1 Related news TV cinematographers panel: ‘Midnight Mass,’ ‘Queen Sugar,’ ‘Scenes from a Marriage,’ ‘Titans,’ ‘The Wheel of Time’ [Exclusive Video Interview] Nov 14Gold Derby ‘Eternals’: Chloé Zhao Disputes Claim That Marvel Directors Don’t Have a Say in Action Scenes Oct 26Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.