21 Jump Street (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1232829/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_56
21 Jump Street (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In 21 Jump Street 20122012 RR 1h 49m IMDb RATING 7.2/10 532K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 56 45 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:34 6 Videos 99+ Photos ActionComedyCrime A pair of underachieving cops are sent back to a local high school to blend in and bring down a synthetic drug ring.A pair of underachieving cops are sent back to a local high school to blend in and bring down a synthetic drug ring.A pair of underachieving cops are sent back to a local high school to blend in and bring down a synthetic drug ring. IMDb RATING 7.2/10 532K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 56 45 Directors Phil Lord Christopher Miller Writers Michael Bacall(screenplay) Jonah Hill(story) Patrick Hasburgh(television series) Stars Jonah Hill Channing Tatum Ice Cube Top credits Directors Phil Lord Christopher Miller Writers Michael Bacall(screenplay) Jonah Hill(story) Patrick Hasburgh(television series) Stars Jonah Hill Channing Tatum Ice Cube See production, box office & company info 438User reviews 393Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 11 wins & 21 nominations Videos6 Trailer 2:34 No. 1 Clip 0:57 "You Guys Are Perfect" Clip 1:01 "Good with Money" Promo 0:45 "Snorkel" Promo 0:46 "Last Chance" Promo 0:58 "Arrest" Photos176 Top cast Edit Jonah Hill Schmidtas Schmidt Channing Tatum Jenkoas Jenko Ice Cube Captain Dicksonas Captain Dickson Brie Larson Molly Traceyas Molly Tracey Dave Franco Eric Molsonas Eric Molson Rob Riggle Mr. Waltersas Mr. Walters DeRay Davis Domingoas Domingo Dax Flame Zackas Zack Chris Parnell Mr. Gordonas Mr. Gordon Ellie Kemper Ms. Griggsas Ms. Griggs Jake Johnson Principal Dadieras Principal Dadier Nick Offerman Deputy Chief Hardyas Deputy Chief Hardy Holly Robinson Peete Officer Judy Hoffsas Officer Judy Hoffs Johnny Pemberton Delroyas Delroy Stanley Wong Romanas Roman Justin Hires Juarioas Juario Brett Lapeyrouse Amiras Amir Lindsey Broad Lisaas Lisa Directors Phil Lord Christopher Miller Writers Michael Bacall(screenplay) (story) Jonah Hill(story) Patrick Hasburgh(television series) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.0 22 Jump Street 7.6 Superbad 6.9 Ted 7.7 The Hangover 7.3 21 Jump Street 6.3 Neighbors 6.5 The Hangover Part II 6.9 Pineapple Express 7.0 We're the Millers 7.1 The 40 Year Old Virgin 6.6 This Is the End 6.9 Step Brothers Storyline Edit In 2005, Schmidt and Jenko are high school students, one an honor roll geek, the other a cool, athletic underachiever. By 2012, they are rookie cops, paired together, on bike patrol yearning to make arrests. After a screw up, they're sent undercover back to high school to find the source of a dangerous synthetic drug. They mix up their names, and Schmidt gets the no-brainer classes where he auditions for Peter Pan and falls in love with Wendy; Jenko gets AP classes where he falls in with high-achieving dweebs. This second chance at high school gives Schmidt delusions of grandeur, which threaten the operation. Can they sort out their relationship as they stumble onto the bad guys? —<jhailey@hotmail.com> undercover copunderage drinkingremakebuddy moviejock226 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The only thing getting blown tonight is their cover. Genres Action Comedy Crime Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for crude and sexual content, pervasive language, drug material, teen drinking and some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Channing Tatum passed on the movie twice before Jonah Hill convinced him to take the role. Goofs The officers' mistake at the beginning is not accurate. A police officer is never required to read a suspect their Miranda rights. Miranda rights only become relevant when a person is in custody and being interrogated by the police. Then even if you are not read your Miranda rights, the only consequence is that the police cannot use anything you say as evidence against you. Quotes [to a handcuffed Domingo] Jenko: You have the right to... [forgets the Miranda rights] Jenko: ... suck my dick, motherfucker! Crazy credits Footage of Stephen J. Cannell from his famous TV production company logo appears under his creator credit. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #20.103 (2012) Soundtracks The Real Slim Shady Written by Tommy Coster (as Tom Coster Jr.), Mike Elizondo (as Michael Elizondo), Eminem (as Marshall Mathers), and Dr. Dre (as Andre Young) Performed by Eminem Courtesy of Aftermath Entertainment/Interscope Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews438 Review Top review 9/10 Touche... Precursor: I just moved back into town two days ago and had made plans to see one of my old friends tonight. I did not want to see this movie, and wouldn't have under any other circumstances but my friend really wanted to and the tickets were free so I went. Review itself: This is of no disrespect to Jonah Hill, his fashion of humor or his fans at all, but I, personally have grown tired of what seems to now be a plethora of wanna be Hangover and Superbad's. (The success of Project X seriously worries me...). Anyways, having that mind set approaching tonight and considering the fact I didn't laugh once during the 21 JS trailer, green or red band... I really wasn't expecting all that much out of the experience aside from leaving the house and catching up with a buddy. But damn. I honestly thought this movie was great. Yes, there were parts I wasn't fond of... a bit of the dialogue seemed to me to be vulgar strictly for the sake of being vulgar... there was the usual expected Jonah Hill trademarked myriad of penis jokes and one extremely unnecessary shock gag but the majority of the movie was, to me, surprisingly satirical/smart/relevant in today's society, self-aware, and situationally hilarious. Even the dumbest and most profane of this movie's jokes and clichés seemed to know that they were such and were given the proper comedic build up/context to at least warrant a chuckle. This movie had some surprisingly clever dialogue throughout and some of the best supporting characters I've seen in recent comedies (Ice Cube, The Principal, etc..) What really stood out to me though was the editing. 21 Jump Street features some of the most awkwardly humorous camera shot transitions, scene changes and music integration. Despite it's faults, I found this to be a damn hard movie to hate, and would recommend it to anyone looking for a fun weekend movie. All in all... genuine, clever, vulgar yet respectable comedy with some heart. IMO a very good career move for both Hill and Tatum. Stoked for the sequel. helpful•218 99 CraigLindholmMedia Mar 16, 2012 FAQ7 What is "21 Jump Street" about? Is '21 Jump Street' based on a book? Is this a remake/reboot/sequel? Details Edit Release date March 16, 2012 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Cớm Học Đường Filming locations New Orleans, Louisiana, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) Relativity Media See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $42,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $138,447,667 Opening weekend US & Canada $36,302,612 Mar 18, 2012 Gross worldwide $201,585,328 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 49 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news The Filmmakers Podcast #245: Phil Lord & Christopher Miller talk making animation blockbusters Nov 8Nerdly New on Netflix: November 2021 Releases Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of 21 Jump Street (2012) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.