3 Idiots (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1187043/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_81
3 Idiots (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In 3 Idiots 20092009 PG-13PG-13 2h 50m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 371K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,184 203 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:34 2 Videos 66 Photos ComedyDrama Two friends are searching for their long lost companion. They revisit their college days and recall the memories of their friend who inspired them to think differently, even as the rest of t... Read allTwo friends are searching for their long lost companion. They revisit their college days and recall the memories of their friend who inspired them to think differently, even as the rest of the world called them "idiots".Two friends are searching for their long lost companion. They revisit their college days and recall the memories of their friend who inspired them to think differently, even as the rest of the world called them "idiots". IMDb RATING 8.4/10 371K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,184 203 Director Rajkumar Hirani Writers Rajkumar Hirani(screenplay) Abhijat Joshi(screenplay) Vidhu Vinod Chopra(screenplay associate) Stars Aamir Khan Madhavan Mona Singh Top credits Director Rajkumar Hirani Writers Rajkumar Hirani(screenplay) Abhijat Joshi(screenplay) Vidhu Vinod Chopra(screenplay associate) Stars Aamir Khan Madhavan Mona Singh See production, box office & company info 846User reviews 59Critic reviews 67Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #81 Awards 63 wins & 25 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:34 3 Idiots trailer Clip 4:01 The Rise of Ali Fazal: From '3 Idiots' to "Mirzapur" Photos66 Top cast Edit Aamir Khan Ranchoddas 'Rancho' Shyamaldas Chanchadas Ranchoddas 'Rancho' Shyamaldas Chanchad… Madhavan Farhan Qureshias Farhan Qureshi Mona Singh Monaas Mona Sharman Joshi Raju Rastogias Raju Rastogi Kareena Kapoor Piaas Pia Boman Irani Viru Sahastrabudhheas Viru Sahastrabudhhe Omi Vaidya Chatur 'Silencer' Ramalingamas Chatur 'Silencer' Ramalingam Olivier Lafont Suhas Tandonas Suhas Tandon (as Sanjay Lafont) Rahul Kumar Millimeter - MMas Millimeter - MM Parikshit Sahni Mr. Qureshias Mr. Qureshi (as Pareekshit Sahani) Farida Dadi Mrs. Qureshias Mrs. Qureshi Amardeep Jha Mrs. Rastogias Mrs. Rastogi Mukund Bhatt Mr. Rastogias Mr. Rastogi Chaitali Bose Kamini 'Kammo' Rastogias Kamini 'Kammo' Rastogi Jaaved Jaaferi Ranchoddas Shyamaldas Chanchadas Ranchoddas Shyamaldas Chanchad Jayant Kripalani Campus Interview Panel Headas Campus Interview Panel Head (as Jayant Kriplani) Arun Bali Shamaldas Chanchadas Shamaldas Chanchad (as Aron Baali) Shoaib Ahmed Chhoteas Chhote Director Rajkumar Hirani Writers Rajkumar Hirani(screenplay) Abhijat Joshi(screenplay) (story) Vidhu Vinod Chopra(screenplay associate) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Dangal 8.1 PK 8.2 Andhadhun 8.2 Gangs of Wasseypur 8.4 Kimi no na wa. 4.3 3 idiotas 8.4 Capharnaüm 8.1 Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India 8.1 Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. 8.2 Bhaag Milkha Bhaag 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 8.4 Das Leben der Anderen Storyline Edit Farhan Qureshi and Raju Rastogi want to re-unite with their fellow collegian, Rancho, after faking a stroke aboard an Air India plane, and excusing himself from his wife - trouser less - respectively. Enroute, they encounter another student, Chatur Ramalingam, now a successful businessman, who reminds them of a bet they had undertaken 10 years ago. The trio, while recollecting hilarious antics, including their run-ins with the Dean of Delhi's Imperial College of Engineering, Viru Sahastrabudhe, race to locate Rancho, at his last known address - little knowing the secret that was kept from them all this time. —rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) papadumhairy chestagainst the systemcoming of agecollege105 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Don't be Stupid. Be an I.D.I.O.T. Genres Comedy Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for thematic material, some disturbing images and crude humor Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Shah Rukh Khan who declined this film to work on "My Name Is Khan" (2010) referred himself as the 4th idiot, who declined to work in such a great movie. Goofs During the baby delivery scenes, supposedly taking place around 2003, both parties engaged in the video chat use Google Chrome web browser which was not released until 2008. Quotes Machine Class Professor: Why are you back? Rancho: Sir, I forgot to take something... Machine Class Professor: What? Rancho: Instruments that record, analyse, summarise, organise, debate and explain information; that are illustrated, non-illustrated, hardbound, paperback, jacketed, non-jacketed; with foreword, introduction, table of contents, index; that are indented for the enlightenment, understanding, enrichment, enhancement and education of the human brain through sensory route of vision - sometimes touch. Machine Class Professor: [confused] What are you trying to say? Rancho: Books sir! I forgot to take my books. Alternate versions The theatrical release was rated U/A after the applicant replaced three words: Achhut (untouchable), upper caste and doctor with Badshah (king), Gulam (slave) and Jyotish (astrologer) respectively. Connections Featured in 55th Idea Filmfare Awards (2010) Soundtracks Aal Izz Well Lyrics by Swanand Kirkire Composed by Shantanu Moitra Performed by Sonu Nigam, Swanand Kirkire and Shaan Courtesy of Super Cassettes Industries Limited (T-Series) User reviews846 Review Top review easily the best Indian movie in 2009.... and one of the best ever I was lucky to see the first day show of 3 idiots on Thursday in Dubai. Well the title of this post says it all. The movie is an example of classic film making. brilliant and highly entertaining. Watch 3 idiots for a) amir khan's incredible acting b) intelligent and highly energatic screenplay & direction (Rajkumar Hirani has done it yet again!) c) amazing chemistry among actors, d) some of the best comedy scenes coming from Indian cinema in a long time and e) a heart warming story which keeps you spell binded right till the end. I would rate it as among the best from amir khan (which obviously means among the very best from bollywood. I would also give a lot of credit to the director rajkumar hirani, who after this movie (and his previous munna bhai series) should rank as among the top in bollywood too. 9/10. helpful•166 88 Watching Dec 24, 2009 FAQ1 Which novel is this movie based on? Details Edit Release date December 8, 2011 (China) Country of origin India Official sites Official YouTube channel SonyLIV (IN) Languages Hindi English Also known as 三傻大闹宝莱坞 Filming locations IIM Campus, Bangalore, Karnataka, India Production company Vinod Chopra Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget ₹550,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $6,532,874 Opening weekend US & Canada $1,645,502 Dec 27, 2009 Gross worldwide $60,262,836 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 50 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Afghan Filmmaker Roya Sadat’s ‘The Forgotten History’ Among 20 Projects at India’s Film Bazaar Co-Production Market Oct 28Variety Film + TV Fox Country Music Drama ‘Monarch’ Rounds Out Main Cast With Martha Higareda, Emma Milani Sep 23Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of 3 Idiots (2009) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Most anticipated Indian movies and shows Percentage shows amount of top page views. 1Marakkar: Lion of the Arabian Sea38.9% 2Ram Asur24.6% 3Bunty Aur Babli 28.3% 4RRR5.5% 5Antim: The Final Truth5.1% 6Pushpa: The Rise - Part 14.3% 7Matsya Kaand4.2% 8Satyameva Jayate 23.6% 9Dangerous2.8% 10Minnal Murali2.6% Updates approximately every 20 minutes. More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.