42 (2013) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0453562/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=a5a2cb36-6f2e-434a-a460-27fb293ff59a&pf_rd_r=WJC24J1VMQP3PDET9AH2&pf_rd_s=center-2&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=imdbpicks&ref_=fea_pks_pks_gc_lk3
42 (2013) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In 42 20132013 PG-13PG-13 2h 8m IMDb RATING 7.5/10 91K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,749 989 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 4 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaSport In 1947, Jackie Robinson becomes the first African-American to play in Major League Baseball in the modern era when he was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers and faces considerable racism in the... Read allIn 1947, Jackie Robinson becomes the first African-American to play in Major League Baseball in the modern era when he was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers and faces considerable racism in the process.In 1947, Jackie Robinson becomes the first African-American to play in Major League Baseball in the modern era when he was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers and faces considerable racism in the process. IMDb RATING 7.5/10 91K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,749 989 Director Brian Helgeland Writer Brian Helgeland Stars Chadwick Boseman T.R. Knight Harrison Ford Top credits Director Brian Helgeland Writer Brian Helgeland Stars Chadwick Boseman T.R. Knight Harrison Ford See production, box office & company info 264User reviews 177Critic reviews 62Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 21 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:32 U.S. Version #2 Trailer 1:49 U.S. Version -- #1 Clip 3:16 9 Films With Inspirational Heroes to Celebrate Clip 3:38 The Legacy of Chadwick Boseman Photos270 Top cast Edit Chadwick Boseman Jackie Robinsonas Jackie Robinson T.R. Knight Harold Parrottas Harold Parrott Harrison Ford Branch Rickeyas Branch Rickey Nicole Beharie Rachel Robinsonas Rachel Robinson Christopher Meloni Leo Durocheras Leo Durocher Ryan Merriman Dixie Walkeras Dixie Walker Lucas Black Pee Wee Reeseas Pee Wee Reese André Holland Wendell Smithas Wendell Smith (as Andre Holland) Alan Tudyk Ben Chapmanas Ben Chapman Hamish Linklater Ralph Brancaas Ralph Branca John C. McGinley Red Barberas Red Barber Toby Huss Clyde Sukeforthas Clyde Sukeforth Max Gail Burt Shottonas Burt Shotton Brad Beyer Kirby Higbeas Kirby Higbe James Pickens Jr. Mr. Brockas Mr. Brock Gino Anthony Pesi Joe Garagiolaas Joe Garagiola Brett Cullen Clay Hopperas Clay Hopper Jesse Luken Eddie Stankyas Eddie Stanky Director Brian Helgeland Writer Brian Helgeland All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 Invincible 7.3 The Express 7.8 Remember the Titans 7.2 Glory Road 7.5 Miracle 7.3 Marshall 6.8 Draft Day 6.9 Get on Up 7.1 We Are Marshall 7.5 Rudy 7.2 Friday Night Lights 7.3 Coach Carter Storyline Edit In 1946, Jackie Robinson is a Negro League baseball player who never takes racism lying down. Branch Rickey is a Major League team executive with a bold idea. To that end, Rickey recruits Robinson to break the unspoken color line as the first modern African American Major League player. As both anticipate, this proves a major challenge for Robinson and his family as they endure unrelenting racist hostility on and off the field, from player and fan alike. As Jackie struggles against his nature to endure such abuse without complaint, he finds allies and hope where he least expects it. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) african american manracial integrationpregnancyjackie robinson characterreference to ty cobb250 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines In a game divided by color, he made us see greatness. Genres Biography Drama Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for thematic elements including language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In 1997, baseball commissioner Bud Selig universally retired Jackie Robinson's number, 42. The handful of players still wearing the number were allowed to keep it. As of 2014, barring special requests or approval, no major league player will wear #42 again. Goofs In the film, that Leo Durocher is suspended for his affair with a married woman. In reality, he was suspended for reported links to gamblers. Quotes Pee Wee Reese: Maybe tomorrow, we'll all wear 42, so nobody could tell us apart. Connections Featured in Jimmy Kimmel Live!: Episode #10.371 (2013) Soundtracks Good Rockin' Tonight Written Roy Brown Performed by Wynonie Harris Courtesy of Gusto Records, Inc. User reviews264 Review Top review Inspirational, Educational and Humorous Story of An American Legend "42" tells the story of the American legend Jackie Robinson, the first African-American major league baseball player. This film takes place in the 1940s when racism and segregation were very prominent, so Jackie has to overcome many challenges and deal with the doubt and judgment people have towards him. With the support of journalist Wendell Smith (Andre Holland), Rachel Robinson (Nicole Beharie) and Dodger's owner Branch Rickey (Harrison Ford), Jackie proves he has what it takes to make it. I really love this film. Not only is "42" educational, but it also has a sense of humor, wit and a whole lot of inspiration. This film captures the hardships that not only Jackie and his family dealt with, but also the hatred that was shown towards the people that supported him. I really like the cinematography and the way the camera angles are able to capture the movement of the players and the unspoken communication between the team members. The costume and set design is also very well done and accurate for that time period. My favorite character is Jackie Robinson (Chadwick Boseman) because he really shows emotion in a realistic way. Jackie is faced with challenge after challenge, but always overcomes, and Chadwick did a phenomenal job of displaying all that was going through his characters mind with nothing but a simple expression. Chadwick also captured Jackie's spunk and defiance towards the norms. Jackie Robinson is such an inspirational person and character. At any given moment he could have given up, let down the people that looked up to him, believe all the hate that was thrown at him, but he didn't, and that's what makes him a hero. I believe Jackie is a character that every man, woman and child can look up to and find inspiration in. My favorite scene is when Jackie plays one of his first games as a Dodger. The manager of the opposing team is very slanderous and vile towards Jackie. He calls out awful racial slurs while Jackie is out on the field, but Jackie knows if he did anything about it he would be the one who gets punished. Finally after the other Dodgers had enough, Eddie Stanky marched over to the opposing team and told the manager to sit down. He knows he is breaking the rules, but when he sees a team member of his being harped on he takes a chance and stands up of for him. This scene shows that the color of one's skin doesn't matter and that Eddie would have done that for any one of his teammates. It's a wonderful example of equity and sportsmanship and it is very moving. I give "42" 5 out of 5 stars because it is touching, funny, educational and inspirational. It's rated PG-13 which I agree with because it does run a bit long and younger children may find it hard to sit through, but it also contains a lot of racial slurs and slanderous language that may be hard for children to understand. Reviewed by KIDS FIRST! Film Critic Raven Devanney, age 15. For video review, go to kidsfirst dot org. helpful•38 12 rannynm Apr 12, 2013 Details Edit Release date April 12, 2013 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Language English Also known as Untitled Jackie Robinson Project Filming locations Rickwood Field - 1137 2nd Avenue W, Birmingham, Alabama, USA Production companies Warner Bros. Legendary Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $95,020,213 Opening weekend US & Canada $27,487,144 Apr 14, 2013 Gross worldwide $97,470,701 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 8 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Everything to know about ‘Survivor 42’ — Premiere date announced Nov 10Gold Derby Hamish Linklater Joins Walter Hill’s Quiver Western ‘Dead For A Dollar’ Sep 21Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of 42 (2013) in Spain?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.