99 Homes (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2891174/
99 Homes (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In 99 Homes 20142014 RR 1h 52m IMDb RATING 7.1/10 32K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:26 16 Videos 99+ Photos Drama A recently unemployed single father struggles to get back his foreclosed home by working for the real estate broker who is the source of his frustration.A recently unemployed single father struggles to get back his foreclosed home by working for the real estate broker who is the source of his frustration.A recently unemployed single father struggles to get back his foreclosed home by working for the real estate broker who is the source of his frustration. IMDb RATING 7.1/10 32K YOUR RATING Rate Director Ramin Bahrani Writers Ramin Bahrani(story by) Bahareh Azimi(story by) Amir Naderi(screenplay by) Stars Andrew Garfield Michael Shannon Laura Dern Top credits Director Ramin Bahrani Writers Ramin Bahrani(story by) Bahareh Azimi(story by) Amir Naderi(screenplay by) Stars Andrew Garfield Michael Shannon Laura Dern See production, box office & company info 125User reviews 221Critic reviews 76Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 12 wins & 24 nominations Videos16 Trailer 2:26 Official Trailer Trailer 1:07 Online Trailer Clip 1:24 Clip Clip 0:49 Clip Clip 0:58 Clip Clip 0:53 Clip Clip 0:45 Clip Interview 4:43 Interview Interview 5:02 Interview Interview 4:25 Interview Interview 4:46 Interview Interview 7:10 Interview Photos103 Top cast Edit Andrew Garfield Dennis Nashas Dennis Nash Michael Shannon Rick Carveras Rick Carver Laura Dern Lynn Nashas Lynn Nash Clancy Brown Mr. William Freemanas Mr. William Freeman Douglas M. Griffin Officer Duduraas Officer Dudura (as Doug Griffin) Randy Austin Sheriff Anderonas Sheriff Anderon Carl Palmer Sheriff Carlas Sheriff Carl James Brown Elliotas Elliot Luke Sexton Crew Leaderas Crew Leader Noah Lomax Connor Nashas Connor Nash Alex Aristidis Alex Greeneas Alex Greene (as Alex Aristidis Perdikis) Tim Guinee Frank Greeneas Frank Greene Jonathan Tabler Lawyer Baileyas Lawyer Bailey Garrett Kruithof Court Clerkas Court Clerk Richard Holden Judgeas Judge Deneen Tyler Bailiffas Bailiff Albert C. Bates Derekas Derek (as Albert Bates) Jayson Warner Smith Jeffas Jeff (as Jayson Smith) Director Ramin Bahrani Writers Ramin Bahrani(story by) (screenplay by) Bahareh Azimi(story by) Amir Naderi(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.6 Boy A 7.8 Arcade Fire: We Exist 7.3 Take Shelter 6.6 Air 7.2 Breathe 7.0 Man Push Cart 7.2 Shotgun Stories 7.3 Goodbye Solo 6.6 Midnight Special 7.2 Silence 4.9 Mainstream 6.9 Joe Storyline Edit Around the world everyone knows that honest hard work gets you nowhere. In sunny Orlando, Florida, construction worker Dennis Nash learns this the hard way when he is evicted from his home by a charismatic, gun-toting real-estate broker, Rick Carver. Humiliated and homeless, Nash has no choice but to move his mom and nine-year old son into a shabby, dangerous motel. All is lost. Until an unexpected opportunity arises for Nash to strike a deal with the devil - he begins working for Carver in a desperate attempt to get his home back. Carver seduces Nash into a risky world of scamming and stealing from the banks and the government; he teaches Nash how the rich get richer. Living a double life, Nash hides his new boss and job from his family. He rises fast and makes real money; he dreams bigger. But there is a cost. On Carver's orders, Nash must evict honest families from their homes - just as it happened to him. Nash's conscience starts tearing him apart... but his son needs a home. In a dramatic high stakes climax, with a 1,000 home deal on the line, Nash will have to choose between destroying an honest man for the ultimate win or risking it all by going against Carver and finding redemption. motelcheatingethicstheftpromise223 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Greed is the only game in town. Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language including some sexual references, and a brief violent image Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Ramin Bahrani dedicated the film to late movie critic Roger Ebert. Goofs Simple admissions of guilt someone in a stressful situation is not going to cause the police to immediately arrest you. Nash was facing an armed man who clearly wasn't bent upon self injury or perhaps harming others. Even if he "admitted" his alleged guilt in a criminal matter, the police would have required more evidence (such as the event had actual occurred) before they could arrest him. Quotes Rick Carver: Don't be soft. Do you think America give a flying rats ass about you or me? America doesn't bail out the losers. America was built by bailing out winners. By rigging a nation of the winners, for the winners, by the winners. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Kristen Stewart/Michael Shannon/Cage the Elephant (2016) Soundtracks Loco Loco Written by Marlon Betancur Performed by Mr. Kapri Published by Edimusica USA Courtesy of Miami Records Inc. By arrangement with Ocean Park Music Group User reviews125 Review Top review A thought provoking film This film tells the story of a hard working builder who gets unemployed, and hence cannot keep up with the mortgage payments and is subsequently evicted. Stars align themselves and his fortune is reversed when he is offered a job by the man who evicted him from his home. "99 Homes" has an intense beginning that absorbs me into the story. The circumstances it portrays is very real and relevant to people in lower income brackets, and their pain of losing their homes is piercingly recreated. I feel so sorry for Dennis because he appears to be such a hard-working, honest and amicable guy. As the story progresses, he is faced with various moral dilemmas. The story is captivating, and it's helped by the intensity of the marvellous performances of Michael Shannon and Andrew Garfield. It is a very good and thought provoking film, that leaves me wondering about the rights and wrongs of Rick and Dennis. helpful•16 7 Gordon-11 Mar 9, 2016 Details Edit Release date October 9, 2015 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English Spanish Also known as 99 Ev Filming locations New Orleans, Louisiana, USA Production companies Broad Green Pictures Hyde Park Entertainment Imagenation Abu Dhabi FZ See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $8,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $1,411,927 Opening weekend US & Canada $32,253 Sep 27, 2015 Gross worldwide $1,828,232 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 52 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Emma Roberts, John Gallagher Jr. & Michael Shannon To Topline Spencer Squire Thriller ‘Abandoned’ Oct 26Deadline Film + TV ‘Red Rocket,’ ‘Blue Bayou’ and ‘Down With the King’ Among 2021 Deauville Film Festival Winners Sep 11Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was 99 Homes (2014) officially released in Canada in French?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.