A Beautiful Mind (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268978/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_148
A Beautiful Mind (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In A Beautiful Mind 20012001 PG-13PG-13 2h 15m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 887K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 670 204 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:27 4 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDrama After John Nash, a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish.After John Nash, a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish.After John Nash, a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 887K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 670 204 Director Ron Howard Writers Akiva Goldsman Sylvia Nasar(book) Stars Russell Crowe Ed Harris Jennifer Connelly Top credits Director Ron Howard Writers Akiva Goldsman Sylvia Nasar(book) Stars Russell Crowe Ed Harris Jennifer Connelly See production, box office & company info 1.3KUser reviews 159Critic reviews 72Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #148 Won 4 Oscars 37 wins & 69 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 2:27 Official Trailer Clip 3:07 What to Watch If You Love "Snowpiercer" Clip 2:45 Ron Howard - The Power of True Stories Video 2:22 Roles That Tom Cruise Turned Down Photos432 Top cast Edit Russell Crowe John Nashas John Nash Ed Harris Parcheras Parcher Jennifer Connelly Alicia Nashas Alicia Nash Christopher Plummer Dr. Rosenas Dr. Rosen Paul Bettany Charlesas Charles Adam Goldberg Solas Sol Josh Lucas Hansenas Hansen Anthony Rapp Benderas Bender Jason Gray-Stanford Ainsleyas Ainsley Judd Hirsch Helingeras Helinger Austin Pendleton Thomas Kingas Thomas King Vivien Cardone Marceeas Marcee Jillie Simon Bar Co-Edas Bar Co-Ed (as Jill M. Simon) Victor Steinbach Professor Horneras Professor Horner Tanya Clarke Beckyas Becky Thomas F. Walsh Captainas Captain Jesse Doran Generalas General Kent Cassella Analystas Analyst Director Ron Howard Writers Akiva Goldsman Sylvia Nasar(book) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.3 American Beauty 8.3 Braveheart 8.2 Shutter Island 8.1 The Truman Show 8.5 Gladiator 8.5 The Prestige 8.1 The Sixth Sense 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.6 The Green Mile 8.1 No Country for Old Men Storyline Edit From the heights of notoriety to the depths of depravity, John Forbes Nash, Jr. experienced it all. A mathematical genius, he made an astonishing discovery early in his career and stood on the brink of international acclaim. But the handsome and arrogant Nash soon found himself on a painful and harrowing journey of self-discovery. After many years of struggle, he eventually triumphed over his tragedy, and finally - late in life - received the Nobel Prize. —Universal Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures mathematicianschizophreniamental illnessnobel prizegame theory196 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Only Thing Greater Than the Power of the Mind is the Courage of the Heart Genres Biography Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense thematic material, sexual content and a scene of violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The equations seen on the classroom chalk boards are actual equations written by the real-life John Nash. Goofs There is no "ceremony of the pens" at Princeton University. Quotes Dr. Rosen: Imagine if you suddenly learned that the people, the places, the moments most important to you were not gone, not dead, but worse, had never been. What kind of hell would that be? Crazy credits The initial theatrical release (as well as the Canadian VHS equivalent) has the E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982) 20th Anniversary variation of the Universal Pictures logo. Subsequent prints, starting from the home media releases, replaced the variant with the Universal Studios Home Video logo. Connections Featured in HBO First Look: Inside 'A Beautiful Mind' (2001) Soundtracks All Love Can Be Music by James Horner Lyric by Will Jennings Performed by Charlotte Church Courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment (UK) Limited User reviews1.3K Review Top review 9/10 Powerful, quiet, effortless Crowe A Beautiful Mind Director Ron Howard has experience in playing with his audience's heartstrings. Remember in Apollo 13, when the fate of the astronauts was uncertain? (Ok, so if you remember your recent history, you knew.... but still!) Or remember in Parenthood, when Steve Martin's kid was about to make the crucial catch? Ol Opie can still pluck those strings with the best of them. (And you know, he'll never stop being called Opie, even by those of us who never saw The Andy Griffith Show during its initial run.) And plucking heartstrings is not a bad thing at all, not when you can do it in such a sincere, noncloying way as the masterful Beautiful Mind presents to its viewers. John Nash is a mathematics prodigy who has a decided knack at solving previously unsolvable problems. He's socially dysfunctional, rarely looking anyone in the eye, but pours all of his energy - and soul - into producing one original idea, an idea that will distinguish him from all of the other mathemathical minds at Princeton University. But John, like most who have had movies made about them, had his ups and downs. He meets and falls for a beautiful student of his named Alicia (Jennifer Connelly), and they produce a baby. But John also suffers from tremendous delusions and is diagnosed with a form of schizophrenia. Schizophrenia's a tough disease, folks - it's still not fully understood, and Nash was diagnosed with it in the middle of last century. He spends time in a sanitarium, as doctors struggle to find a cure. Russell Crowe is absolutely powerful as the confused and confusing Nash. Although the marquee says "Russell Crowe", you'll immediately forget this is the hunky guy from Gladiator. I mean after all, he's playing some nerdy scientist dude! But Crowe completely disappears in the role, and he's unforgettable. Actors kill for roles like this one, because it gives them a chance to show off their acting chops. For many actors, this is the kiss of death, because then they're exposed as poor thespians. But not for Crowe; if anything, this proves once and for all that he's a grand master of acting. I realize that sounds like overkill for him, but I think that when actors are labeled as a "hunk" - their skills as actors aren't seen as very substantial. Hey, looking darn good worked against Tom Selleck, and to a degree it has worked against Crowe as well. And he ages well, too. The movie takes place over a fairly extended period of time, ending with Nash's acceptance of the Nobel Prize in 1994. The makeup on Nash is neither garish nor schmaltzy; he looks completely genuine. And that's the essence of Crowe's performance. It's sincere, never trying to win over the audience with a sly wink here or a toss of the hair there. Crowe shows remarkable poise, elegance, and is utterly astounding in the role. His supporting cast is more than able. Jennifer Connelly is better than I thought she would be; in most roles, she's the eye candy. But this role had meat to it, and she held her own. It wasn't an easy role to play, and she pulled it off. And her scenes with Crowe do have that movie magic that each of us looks for when we go to movies, that one moment, that compatible chemistry that leaves audiences mesmerized. And yes, this does have some very, very touching moments. The final scene, while predictable (even if you don't know the outcome in real life), will bring more than one tear to the eye. Yes, I'll admit it, it got me right here. But it's okay; I did that old 'guy-crying-in-movie-theater' trick. If you feel the brime falling from the lid, you make a motion toward your cheek and then you scratch vigorously; people might think you have a skin infection and move away slowly, but at least they won't think you're a girly man. At any rate, it's certainly one of the best movies of the year. Everything's in place: the direction, the photography, and especially the acting. helpful•149 26 dfranzen70 Jan 23, 2002 FAQ9 What is 'A Beautiful Mind' about? Is "A Beautiful Mind" based on a book? What is paranoid schizophrenia? Details Edit Release date January 4, 2002 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Universal (United States) Language English Also known as 美丽心灵 Filming locations Princeton, New Jersey, USA Production companies Universal Pictures Dreamworks Pictures Imagine Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $58,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $170,742,341 Opening weekend US & Canada $367,151 Dec 23, 2001 Gross worldwide $316,791,257 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 15 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Ridley Scott could make Oscar history with ‘House of Gucci’ and ‘The Last Duel’ Nov 9Gold Derby ‘Back to the Outback’ (Trailer) Nov 8IF.com.au Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.