A Clockwork Orange (1971) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066921/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
A Clockwork Orange (1971) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In A Clockwork Orange 19711971 XX 2h 16m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 791K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 220 35 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:10 6 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaSci-Fi In the future, a sadistic gang leader is imprisoned and volunteers for a conduct-aversion experiment, but it doesn't go as planned.In the future, a sadistic gang leader is imprisoned and volunteers for a conduct-aversion experiment, but it doesn't go as planned.In the future, a sadistic gang leader is imprisoned and volunteers for a conduct-aversion experiment, but it doesn't go as planned. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 791K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 220 35 Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Anthony Burgess(novel) Stars Malcolm McDowell Patrick Magee Michael Bates Top credits Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Anthony Burgess(novel) Stars Malcolm McDowell Patrick Magee Michael Bates See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 198Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #110 Nominated for 4 Oscars 12 wins & 24 nominations total Videos6 Trailer 2:10 A Clockwork Orange Trailer 0:59 A Clockwork Orange Clip 4:04 'The Platform' & Future Films From the IMDb Top 250 Clip 1:38 A Guide to the Films of Stanley Kubrick Interview 8:25 Malcolm McDowell: The IMDb Original Interview Interview 8:24 Malcolm McDowell: The IMDb Original Interview Photos280 Top cast Edit Malcolm McDowell Alexas Alex Patrick Magee Mr Alexanderas Mr Alexander Michael Bates Chief Guardas Chief Guard Warren Clarke Dimas Dim John Clive Stage Actoras Stage Actor Adrienne Corri Mrs. Alexanderas Mrs. Alexander Carl Duering Dr. Brodskyas Dr. Brodsky Paul Farrell Trampas Tramp Clive Francis Lodgeras Lodger Michael Gover Prison Governoras Prison Governor Miriam Karlin Catladyas Catlady James Marcus Georgieas Georgie Aubrey Morris Deltoidas Deltoid Godfrey Quigley Prison Chaplainas Prison Chaplain Sheila Raynor Mumas Mum Madge Ryan Dr. Branomas Dr. Branom John Savident Conspiratoras Conspirator Anthony Sharp Ministeras Minister Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Anthony Burgess(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films 2001: A Space Odyssey and Eyes Wide Shut are just the beginning of Stanley Kubrick's legacy. Are you up to speed on the film icon's style?Watch the video 1:38 More like this 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.4 The Shining 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 8.3 Requiem for a Dream 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.3 Scarface 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.3 American Beauty 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.1 Barry Lyndon Storyline Edit Protagonist Alex DeLarge is an "ultraviolent" youth in futuristic Britain. As with all luck, his eventually runs out and he's arrested and convicted of murder. While in prison, Alex learns of an experimental program in which convicts are programmed to detest violence. If he goes through the program, his sentence will be reduced and he will be back on the streets sooner than expected. But Alex's ordeals are far from over once he hits the streets of Britain.. —Nikki Carlyle gangdystopiafuturebeatingunprovoked violence475 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Being the adventures of a young man ... who couldn't resist pretty girls ... or a bit of the old ultra-violence ... went to jail, was re-conditioned ... and came out a different young man ... or was he ? Genres Crime Drama Sci-Fi Certificate X Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Stanley Kubrick's first cut (before hiring several assistant editors) ran almost four hours. Goofs Many of the continuity errors are not in fact errors. Stanley Kubrick purposely included many continuity errors as a way of creating a feeling of disorientation for the audience. That is why people's positions change, props are reorganized, and hats (and other articles of clothing) appear and disappear. Quotes [last lines] Alex: I was cured, all right! Crazy credits There are no opening credits after the title, which is followed by the opening shot of Alex the Droog. Although it is now commonplace for major films to not have opening credits, in 1971 it was considered rather unusual and was considered a trademark of director Stanley Kubrick. Alternate versions In 1973, a new version of "A Clockwork Orange" was released to theaters with an MPAA rating of "R", replacing the previous "X". The new version contained approximately 31 seconds of replacement, less lascivious footage for two scenes: the high speed (2 fps) orgy in Alex's bedroom, and the Ludovico rape scene. The bedroom scene was made more comical by having one of the girls fall off the bed and Alex joins her down there. The Ludovico rape scene was altered in that the scenes with the first two droogs was from the side and waist-up, so it is less explicit. The third droog was removed completely and replaced with a close-up of one of the doctor's face as they are watching Alex's treatment. Connections Edited from Triumph des Willens (1935) Soundtracks Symphony No.9 in D Minor, Opus 125 Choral: II. Scherzo. Molto vivace Written by Ludwig van Beethoven Recorded by Deutsche Grammophon Gesellschaft User reviews1.6K Review Top review 8/10 A controversial and offensive masterpiece. Anyone looking to watch A Clockwork Orange might be wanting to revisit some of Stanley Kubrik's work and might be interested in studying this film. Those who have already seen this film tend to already have strong opinions regarding this dark sci-fi movie but for me, I approached this film recently to obtain an opinion for myself and study one of the great masters of cinema. The fact that this film was regarded as one of the most controversial films ever made (rightfully so) sparked genuine curiosity to give this flick a full viewing and while I have large issues with the film, the experience as a whole was both satisfying and a learning experience. This story centers on "Alex" our main protagonist and his gang of hoodlums set in a not so distant, dystopian Great Britain. The beginning portion unfolds Alex's dark and twisted soul as we watch him and his gang fight, rape, and kill. When he's eventually caught, he undergoes controversial "treatment" to be cured of his dark soul. I first appreciated the inmate concepts of this story and the type of questions the story attempted to raise to the audience. Furthermore, much of the psychological ideologies surrounding freedom, choice, good vs evil, and selfishness were extremely thought-provoking. It had a way of making me feel self-exploratory despite the character's complete inability to relate with (hopefully) any viewer. Performances were top notch; especially from the lead: Malcom McDowell. His performance felt so authentic there's never a single moment that feels fake or forced with his dark character. As always, Stanley Kubrick directs the hell out of this. His commanding and authoritative shooting style is apparent in every frame of the picture and he does a wonderful job at sucking the viewer into this terrible world to the point of enthrallment. While all these positives make for a great movie-going experience and when Kubrick is at the director's helm not much can go wrong, the film's biggest downfall is indeed its controversy. Disturbing subject matter in this piece is indeed vital to the essence of the story but taking off the gloves when it comes to fighting, rape, and killing (especially the rape) make this so incredibly disturbing that it's difficult to muscle through. I found that A Clockwork Orange was not only offense because of its disturbing content, it was personally offensive in so many ways. Frankly, these extremely rare and offensive movie experiences are not quite the reason I enjoy films in the first place; stories can still be thought-provoking while not morally offend and damage the viewer internally. In addition, a viewer looking to study the work of Stanley Kubrick can still experience some of cinema's greatest and transcendent experiences without feeling like their conscience has blackened. It's understandable that not everyone feels this way; just as stated before, opinions about this film are all across the board. As time has passed however, A Clockwork Orange has stood out has one of Kubrick's finest and has been adored by die-hard fans so much its fan base has grown over the years. The best advice to give is to see it for yourself. Much like all other Kubrick films, relying on anyone's opinion won't help one bit. Seeing it and deciding for yourself is the best course of action. That being said, despite it's strong artistic merit, I wouldn't recommend seeing it simply because of the morally offensive and sickening content that most don't appreciate. Overall, it's been the hardest one to review in a long time because it's not a simple: see it or don't see it. There's much more to this picture than that. If you do decide to see it though, be warned and well prepared. If not, that's probably just fine too. helpful•45 19 tyson-hunsaker Jan 31, 2017 FAQ28 why is it that even though the film is set in the future, it still seems to have a distinct 1970's look and feel to it. What is 'A Clockwork Orange' about? Is "A Clockwork Orange" based on a book? Details Edit Release date January 13, 1972 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Language English Also known as 发条橙 Filming locations Binsey Walk, Southmere Lake, Thamesmead South, London, England, UK Production companies Warner Bros. Polaris Productions Hawk Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,200,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $26,589,355 Gross worldwide $26,904,636 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 16 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Reza Sixo Safai Nov 9Trailers from Hell Kim Petalas reflects on 30 years with Palace and the 2021 British Film Festival line-up Nov 3IF.com.au Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of A Clockwork Orange (1971) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.