A Good Day to Die Hard (2013) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1606378/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
A Good Day to Die Hard (2013) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In A Good Day to Die Hard 20132013 RR 1h 38m IMDb RATING 5.3/10 203K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,575 670 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:30 8 Videos 99+ Photos ActionThriller John McClane travels to Russia to help out his seemingly wayward son, Jack, only to discover that Jack is a CIA operative working undercover, causing the father and son to team up against un... Read allJohn McClane travels to Russia to help out his seemingly wayward son, Jack, only to discover that Jack is a CIA operative working undercover, causing the father and son to team up against underworld forces.John McClane travels to Russia to help out his seemingly wayward son, Jack, only to discover that Jack is a CIA operative working undercover, causing the father and son to team up against underworld forces. IMDb RATING 5.3/10 203K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,575 670 Director John Moore Writers Skip Woods Roderick Thorp(certain original characters by) Stars Bruce Willis Jai Courtney Sebastian Koch Top credits Director John Moore Writers Skip Woods Roderick Thorp(certain original characters by) Stars Bruce Willis Jai Courtney Sebastian Koch See production, box office & company info 590User reviews 433Critic reviews 28Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 5 wins & 8 nominations Videos8 Trailer 2:30 U.S. Version #2 Trailer 1:36 U.S. Version #1 Trailer 1:10 Teaser Trailer 2:25 A Good Day to Die Hard Trailer 1:35 A Good Day to Die Hard Featurette 1:18 "It's a Good Day to Be John McClane's Son" Promo 1:36 A Good Day to Die Hard Video 2:26 Which Massive Stars Passed on 'Die Hard'? Photos167 Top cast Edit Bruce Willis John McClaneas John McClane Jai Courtney Jack McClaneas Jack McClane Sebastian Koch Komarovas Komarov Mary Elizabeth Winstead Lucyas Lucy Yulia Snigir Irinaas Irina Radivoje Bukvic Alikas Alik (as Rasha Bukvic) Cole Hauser Collinsas Collins Amaury Nolasco Murphyas Murphy Sergey Kolesnikov Chagarinas Chagarin Roman Luknár Antonas Anton Zolee Ganxsta MRAP Driveras MRAP Driver (as Ganxsta Doglegy Zolee) Péter Takátsy Prosecutoras Prosecutor Pasha D. Lychnikoff Cabbieas Cabbie Megalyn Echikunwoke Pretty Reporteras Pretty Reporter Melissa Tang Lucasas Lucas Rico Simonini Colonelas Colonel Catherine Kresge Neiderbrookas Neiderbrook April Grace Sue Eastonas Sue Easton Director John Moore Writers Skip Woods Roderick Thorp(certain original characters by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 Live Free or Die Hard 7.6 Die Hard: With a Vengeance 7.1 Die Hard 2 8.2 Die Hard 7.4 Live Free or Die Hard Gag Reel 6.6 RED 2 McClane 7.3 DieHard is Back 6.6 The Expendables 2 6.6 Lethal Weapon 4 7.0 RED 6.5 The Expendables Storyline Edit Iconoclastic, take-no-prisoners cop John McClane, for the first time, finds himself on foreign soil after traveling to Moscow to help his wayward son Jack - unaware that Jack is really a highly-trained CIA operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist. With the Russian underworld in pursuit, and battling a countdown to war, the two McClanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes. —Guy from Estonia john mcclane characterrepeat sequelsubjective camerajohn f. kennedy international airporttaxi249 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Yippee Ki-Yay Mother Russia Genres Action Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia This was the first Die Hard film where the original script was explicitly written as an entry in the Die Hard series. The first Die Hard (1988) film was based on a novel by Roderick Thorp. Die Hard 2 (1990) was first written as a script based on Walter Wager's novel '58 Minutes'. Die Hard: With a Vengeance (1995) famously took its basic idea from Jonathan Hensleigh's screenplay Simon Says. Live Free or Die Hard (2007) was retro-fitted from the original screenplay WW3.com, which was nearly filmed on its own merits before the 9/11 terrorist attacks caused it to be shelved. Goofs All roads leading into the Chernobyl/Pripyat exclusion zone have military checkpoints - yet neither the villains or the heroes seem to have any trouble gaining access. Quotes John McClane: Need a hug? Jack McClane: We're not a hugging family. John McClane: Damn straight! Alternate versions After the UK censors informed Fox that the R-rated cut of the film would be carry a 15 rating, the distributors cut out almost all strong language, some scenes of fisticuffs and bloodier violence in order to release the film with a 12A rating for theatrical exhibition only. The cuts were waived when released on DVD and Blu-ray in the UK in 2013 with a '15' rating thus presenting the US R-rated Theatrical Version uncut for home video release. The UK 12A Theatrical cut is not released on home video formats. Connections Featured in Film '72: Episode dated 13 February 2013 (2013) Soundtracks Symphony No. 9 in D Minor, op. 125 Written by Ludwig van Beethoven Arranged by Marco Beltrami User reviews590 Review Top review 3/10 What on earth have they done to John McClane?! I am heartbroken. It's a sad day to say this, but it has to be said: "A Good Day to Die Hard" is a dud. The fifth instalment in the beloved "Die Hard" saga ends up as the worst of the series so far; it falters thanks to a weak characterization, even weaker screen writing, lack of worthy villains, absurd action sequences and incoherent direction. You can bet this movie will be mentioned in the same sentence with "Rocky V", "Superman IV: The Quest for Peace", "Speed 2: Cruise Control", "Die Another Day" and "Batman & Robin". Not even the R-rating and the return of the famous "Yippie ki yay" line in full can save this one. As much as I love action movies, I like mine with a side of plot and character, of which this film fails at. John McClane, one of my favorite film characters of all time, is given a horrendous treatment no beloved character should ever be given: relegated to a sidekick. This is HIS movie, not his son's! From the start he is inexplicably thrust into Russia with no back story of how the previous films over the years have shaped his character now - a key trait that was visible in the previous four films. He is reduced to a wise-cracking action supercop, and even his wisecracks are weak. However, Bruce Willis, bless him, is still McClane without a doubt, as he dishes out the bad guys with weathered-out cynicism in his eyes. He still has it in him, and in no way it is his fault that this movie turned out to be near-crap. Rather, writer Skip Woods and director John Moore are to blame. Woods clearly missed the whole point of McClane's essence and likability - he is a vulnerable human - an everyday Joe who only stops the bad guys when "there's no one else that can do it". He is a reluctant hero in the first four films, he can get seriously wounded, as he is up against worthy adversaries that are cool, calculative and almost one step ahead of him. Here, McClane, in the opening car chase, and immediately causes mass vehicular damage just to stop thugs from attacking his son, shows no signs of vulnerability (after TWO major car crashes), and has no qualms about killing the bad guys wherever they pop up here. His son Jack (Jai Courtney), filling in for McClane's sidekick, has certain charisma and shows a few glimpses of character development in McClane but it is cut short by the merciless and absurd action sequences. A good action movie has to have a good villain. "Die Hard 5" has none. It has three primary villains, all of them forgettable. Nothing with the likes of even Thomas Gabriel or Colonel Stuart (the Gruber Brothers must be smirking right now in hell). They're not intelligent, not menacing, not memorable. They're just dumb, die, and that's it. What was their evil plot? What dastardly deeds do they have? Weapons dealing. Oh the humanity! The film runs at 97 minutes - the shortest in the series. Why the film was released at this length I don't want to know. Nobody complained about the 2 hour running time for each of the previous four movies. Imagine what a better movie this could've been with those cut scenes added back in. John Moore directs with the subtlety of a car crash. He smash cuts every scene, puts heavy use of slow motion in the excruciatingly absurd climax, and relies heavily on CGI for most of the action sequences. But like all Die Hard movies, there has to be at least one sensational action sequence, and that is at the film's beginning. The only thing I really enjoyed (in a guilty pleasure sort of way) about the whole movie was a massive, destructive stunt-filled car chase throughout the streets of Moscow. It was an intense and exciting scene. Pity the rest of the movie can't hold up to this sensational chase scene alone, especially the end which essentially turns McClane into The Terminator. If you think the F-35 scene in "Die Hard 4" was absurd, hoo boy, wait until you get a load of this one. At the very least, there's some competent cinematography from Jonathan Sela and a good, riveting music score from Marco Beltrami, who really knows his stuff when it comes to action, as well as incorporating Michael Kamen's themes into this one. If anything, the music is better than the movie. There is a 6th (and according to Bruce, final) movie in the works. Here's a no brainer - bring back John McTiernan or Renny Harlin (hell, even Len Wiseman for all I care), and hire a good screenwriter who really delivers the old school action goods. I strongly believe Bruce and McClane can deliver the goods still and ride off into the sunset, instead of falling off his horse here. They just need a better story, better direction, and a more than worthy villain with a respected British actor in the role. The franchise doesn't deserve to die with this. It's too good for that. Shame on you, John Moore and Skip Woods. helpful•536 74 dvc5159 Feb 14, 2013 FAQ5 What is 'A Good Day to Die Hard' about? Is 'A Good Day to Die Hard' based on a book? Since when did McClane have a son? Details Edit Release date March 14, 2013 (China) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Hungary Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Russian Hindi Punjabi Also known as Die Hard 5 Filming locations Budapest, Hungary Production companies Twentieth Century Fox TSG Entertainment Giant Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $92,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $67,349,198 Opening weekend US & Canada $24,834,845 Feb 17, 2013 Gross worldwide $304,654,182 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Surround 7.1 Datasat SDDS Dolby Atmos Sonics-DDP Auro 11.1 Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for A Good Day to Die Hard (2013)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.