A Very Brady Sequel (1996) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118073/?ref_=ttls_li_i
A Very Brady Sequel (1996) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In A Very Brady Sequel 19961996 PG-13PG-13 1h 30m IMDb RATING 5.8/10 11K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,691 2,846 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:02 2 Videos 40 Photos Comedy The Bradys are surprised when a man claiming to be Carol's long lost first husband shows up at their home. Before long, his strange actions cause them to question his motives.The Bradys are surprised when a man claiming to be Carol's long lost first husband shows up at their home. Before long, his strange actions cause them to question his motives.The Bradys are surprised when a man claiming to be Carol's long lost first husband shows up at their home. Before long, his strange actions cause them to question his motives. IMDb RATING 5.8/10 11K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,691 2,846 Director Arlene Sanford Writers Sherwood Schwartz(characters) Harry Elfont(story) Deborah Kaplan(story) Stars Shelley Long Gary Cole Tim Matheson Top credits Director Arlene Sanford Writers Sherwood Schwartz(characters) Harry Elfont(story) Deborah Kaplan(story) Stars Shelley Long Gary Cole Tim Matheson See production, box office & company info 71User reviews 31Critic reviews 56Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:02 Official Trailer Video 2:07 The Watchlist With 'Fifty Shades Freed' Star Arielle Kebbel Photos40 Top cast Edit Shelley Long Carol Bradyas Carol Brady Gary Cole Mike Bradyas Mike Brady Tim Matheson Roy Martinas Roy Martin… Christopher Daniel Barnes Greg Bradyas Greg Brady Christine Taylor Marcia Bradyas Marcia Brady Paul Sutera Peter Bradyas Peter Brady Jennifer Elise Cox Jan Bradyas Jan Brady Jesse Lee Soffer Bobby Bradyas Bobby Brady (as Jesse Lee) Olivia Hack Cindy Bradyas Cindy Brady Henriette Mantel Alice Nelsonas Alice Nelson Whip Hubley Exploreras Explorer… Whitney Rydbeck Auctioneeras Auctioneer Sue Casey Art Patron #1as Art Patron #1 Gregory White Art Patron #2as Art Patron #2 RuPaul Ms. Cummingsas Ms. Cummings Diana Theodore Ms. Cumming's Daughteras Ms. Cumming's Daughter David Ramsey Brent the Lifeguardas Brent the Lifeguard Phil Buckman Jason the Lifeguardas Jason the Lifeguard Director Arlene Sanford Writers Sherwood Schwartz(characters) Harry Elfont(story) (screenplay) Deborah Kaplan(story) (screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.1 The Brady Bunch Movie 5.4 The Brady Girls Get Married 5.9 Brady Bunch Home Movies 6.0 The Brady Brides 3.8 The Brady Bunch Variety Hour 5.6 The Bradys 8.1 A Very Brady Renovation 6.8 The Brady Bunch 35th Anniversary Reunion Special: Still Brady After All These Years 7.5 The Brady Bunch Cast Back in Hawaii 5.8 Troop Beverly Hills 6.1 Growing Up Brady 8.3 The Brady Bunch Meets ABC's Saturday Superstars Storyline Edit A man claiming to be Carol Brady's long-lost first husband, Roy Martin, shows up at the suburban Brady residence one evening. An impostor, the man is actually determined to steal the Bradys' familiar horse statue, a $20-million ancient Asian artifact. —Anonymous artifactbikinidental bracesculture clash1990s58 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines The more everything changes the more they stay the same. Genre Comedy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sex-related humor and some drug content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the scene that takes place at the construction site, the signs in the background read "Reed Design" - no doubt a tribute to the late Robert Reed, the original Mike Brady. Goofs Police cars on O'ahu (Honolulu) are not black and white with red & blue lights, they are white with a blue stripe down the center and they have a blue strobe lightbar. Quotes [all the Brady kids and Alice are tied together by a staircase from Roy Martin, who left and kidnapped mom, they all think in their heads] Bobby Brady: If I had been a better detective, I would've been on Mr. Martin sooner. This is all my fault. Cindy Brady: If I wasn't too busy looking for my doll, I would've seen something suspicious. This is all my fault. Kitty Carry-all: I bet he wouldn't have tied me up if I was Barbie. This is all my fault. Peter Brady: What a dumb-head I am. I guess Roy was not much of a hero after all. This is all my fault. Alice: I must've not put enough mushrooms in his spaghetti sauce. This is all my fault. Greg Brady: Marcia looks great in those ropes... Wait a minute, what am I saying? This is all my fault! Jan Brady: It was wrong to make up George Glass. This is all my fault! Marcia: This is all Jan's fault. Crazy credits In the end credits, the nine main actors are listed under the heading "A Very Brady Cast". Later on, the Hawaiian location film crew is listed under "A Very Brady Hawaii Unit". Alternate versions In the syndicated TV prints, the hot-line number on Jan's card as well as the number on the Brady's phone is blurred out. This is done to discourage anyone from calling the non-existent numbers. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: A Very Brady Sequel/She's the One/Kansas City/Girls Town/The Spitfire Grill (1996) Soundtracks The Brady Bunch by Sherwood Schwartz & Frank De Vol Performed by Christina Tyrell, Lauren Tyrell, Megan Joyce, Kristina Oloffson & Zachary Throne User reviews71 Review Top review Better than the original A VERY BRADY SEQUEL(1996) Shelley Long, Gary Cole, Christine Taylor, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Jennifer Else Cox. In this sequel to the 1995 hit, the brady bunch movie, a man named Roy Martin comes to the brady's house one night and says that he is Carols first husband. But really, he wants an Asian Horse statue that the Bradys have that is worth 20 million dollars. I would have to say that this was a little bit better than the first. This was funnier, and more entertaining. But I did enjoy the original. Anyway, Even if you haven't seen the show, you will still laugh. For the first movie, if you haven't seen the show, then you wouldn't have laughed as much. There was more bad material for little kids in this one, but neither were bad PG-13's. In this one, Jan was extra funny. In the original, she wasn't that funny. But in this one, she was hilarious. This one also doesn't make fun of the show as much as the other one. The other one had more funny things in the beginning. In this one, it was funnier after halfway. Recomended to anyone who like the show or the first film. Grade for A VERY BRADY SEQUEL: ***(outta 4) PG-13; some sex-related humor. helpful•9 5 moviesfan11 Aug 4, 2003 Details Edit Release date August 23, 1996 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Bradys får tillökning Filming locations 3rd Street Promenade, Santa Monica, California, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures The Ladd Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $12,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $21,440,752 Opening weekend US & Canada $7,052,045 Aug 25, 1996 Gross worldwide $21,440,752 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 30 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Heidi Honeycutt Jul 13Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was A Very Brady Sequel (1996) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.