Agnes (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt11348542/?ref_=rlm
Agnes (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Agnes 20212021 1h 33m IMDb RATING 5.8/10 109 YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,336 691 Cast & crew User reviews IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:46 4 Videos 2 Photos DramaHorror Rumors of demonic possession at a religious convent prompts a church investigation into the strange goings-on among its nuns. A disaffected priest and his neophyte are confronted with tempta... Read allRumors of demonic possession at a religious convent prompts a church investigation into the strange goings-on among its nuns. A disaffected priest and his neophyte are confronted with temptation, bloodshed and a crisis of faith.Rumors of demonic possession at a religious convent prompts a church investigation into the strange goings-on among its nuns. A disaffected priest and his neophyte are confronted with temptation, bloodshed and a crisis of faith. IMDb RATING 5.8/10 109 YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,336 691 Director Mickey Reece Writers Mickey Reece John Selvidge Stars Molly C. Quinn Sean Gunn Chris Sullivan Top credits Director Mickey Reece Writers Mickey Reece John Selvidge Stars Molly C. Quinn Sean Gunn Chris Sullivan See production, box office & company info Coming soon Releases December 10, 2021 2User reviews 58Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos4 Trailer 1:46 Official Trailer 2 Trailer 1:19 Official Trailer Trailer 1:49 Agnes Trailer 2:02 Agnes Photos2 Add image Top cast Edit Molly C. Quinn Maryas Mary Sean Gunn Paul Satchimoas Paul Satchimo Chris Sullivan Curlyas Curly Hayley McFarland Agnesas Agnes Chris Browning Father Blackas Father Black Rachel True Sister Ruthas Sister Ruth Jake Horowitz Benjaminas Benjamin Zandy Hartig Sister Honeyas Sister Honey Ginger Gilmartin Wandaas Wanda Bruce Davis Earlas Earl Ben Hall Father Donaghueas Father Donaghue Chris Freihofer Father Cappaas Father Cappa Garrett O'Brien Grocery Store Shopperas Grocery Store Shopper… Heather Siess Waitress 3as Waitress 3 Jacob Ryan Snovel Peteas Pete Cait Brasel Sister Margaretas Sister Margaret Rita Scranton Sister Gertrudeas Sister Gertrude George Adams Pool Hustleras Pool Hustler Director Mickey Reece Writers Mickey Reece John Selvidge All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 Hellbender 6.2 The Feast 7.5 Droste no hate de bokura 7.7 Woodlands Dark and Days Bewitched: A History of Folk Horror 7.1 Mad God 7.4 Alien on Stage 6.5 Zhanym, ty ne poverish 6.9 Silent Night Unwelcome 7.4 Junk Head Castle Falls 6.4 Strawberry Mansion Storyline Edit Rumors of demonic possession at a religious convent prompts a church investigation into the strange goings-on among its nuns. A disaffected priest and his neophyte are confronted with temptation, bloodshed and a crisis of faith. investigation Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Drama Horror Parents guide User reviews2 Review Top review 5/10 Okay when it's horror, not worthwhile elsewhere Following a series of strange outbursts, a disgraced priest and his young friend are sent to investigate the stories of demonic possession plaguing a remote convent but when the incidents cause one of the nuns to leave the convent and start her life over the events of that day still weigh on her. This was a rather enjoyable low-key genre effort. Among the more impressive elements in the film is also a potentially troubling one in the stripped-down, minimalist approach here. Generally more concerned with endless dialogue conversations that spread the idea of the trouble in the convent as much as the visual cues that would clue someone into the potential of what's happening, that one manages the rare feat of giving an interest to the conversations taking place. With the two going back-and-forth together about the possible outcomes in their quest, the religious implications of their faith-based profession, and their backstories impacting the real reason for the visit alongside the numerous conversations between the nuns about what's happening to the possessed in their clergy, it has plenty to like with the stripped-down, conversation-heavy approach. When the film moves into more obvious and overt horror territory, there's quite a lot to like here. The initial scene of the outburst she throws signaling that something might be going on with her friend that includes all the usual associations with the genre including swearing viciously, countless religious blasphemies being uttered at anyone that will listen, and spastic body contortions that are supposedly impossible for a person to accomplish on their own that feel rather expected but no less enjoyable. The exploits of the several exorcisms that are carried out are kept rather low-key like the conversations but it has some intriguing aspects including the physical remnants of the interactions that are rather brutal with how shockingly sudden they come off with some mild but effective gore-gags in place. Overall, these here are the films' enjoyable and positive aspects. There are some issues here, and it is a singular point in the film that stands out. The second half of the film where it drops the convent for a drama about the friends' life after leaving is a complete tonal shift to what's happened before that it drags the film down heavily. The complete lack of anything remotely horror-related here with the film dropping the demonic possessions and religious fervor in favor of a slice-of-life drama revolving around the best friend attempting to reintegrate into society with a low-paying job, lousy apartment and a lack of social life is something that will disappoint most looking for constant thrills. Not only that, the fact that these scenes focus on the friend instead of the possessed individual of the film's title, who disappears with no resolution about her possessed state, shows a weird lack of interest in the main character, rendering a lot of it pointless. It's significant and holds this one back a lot. Rated Unrated/R: Graphic Language and Violence. helpful•2 1 kannibalcorpsegrinder Aug 26, 2021 Details Edit Release date December 10, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Language English Also known as Проклятие монахинь Production companies Divide/Conquer Perm Machine QWGmire See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross worldwide $3,413 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 33 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.55:1 Related news Video Movie Review: Agnes (2021): Mickey Reece’s Film has Interesting Moments but Misses its Potential Nov 15Film-Book Nunsploitation Reigns in New Trailers for Paul Verhoeven’s Benedetta and Mickey Reece’s Agnes Oct 27The Film Stage Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Agnes (2021) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.