Aladdin (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6139732/
Aladdin (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Aladdin 20192019 PGPG 2h 8m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 247K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 608 278 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:46 65 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureComedyFamily A kind-hearted street urchin and a power-hungry Grand Vizier vie for a magic lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true.A kind-hearted street urchin and a power-hungry Grand Vizier vie for a magic lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true.A kind-hearted street urchin and a power-hungry Grand Vizier vie for a magic lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 247K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 608 278 Director Guy Ritchie Writers John August(screenplay by) Guy Ritchie(screenplay by) Stars Will Smith Mena Massoud Naomi Scott Top credits Director Guy Ritchie Writers John August(screenplay by) Guy Ritchie(screenplay by) Stars Will Smith Mena Massoud Naomi Scott See production, box office & company info 2.4KUser reviews 362Critic reviews 53Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 8 wins & 38 nominations Videos65 Trailer 0:46 Aladdin Trailer 0:31 "Basics" TV Spot Trailer 1:01 "Rags to Wishes" TV Spot Trailer 1:01 "Connection" TV Spot Trailer 2:15 Official Trailer Trailer 1:01 Special Look Trailer 1:28 Teaser Trailer Clip 2:27 Which Roles Did Will Smith Turn Down? Clip 2:46 Most Anticipated Movies for Rest of 2019 Clip 0:57 Weekend Box Office: June 21 to 23 Clip 0:54 Weekend Box Office: June 7 to 9 Clip 0:56 Weekend Box Office: May 24 to 26 Photos380 Top cast Edit Will Smith Genieas Genie… Mena Massoud Aladdinas Aladdin Naomi Scott Jasmineas Jasmine Marwan Kenzari Jafaras Jafar Navid Negahban Sultanas Sultan Nasim Pedrad Daliaas Dalia Billy Magnussen Prince Andersas Prince Anders Jordan A. Nash Omaras Omar (as Jordan Nash) Taliyah Blair Lianas Lian Aubrey Lin Omias Omi Amir Boutrous Jamalas Jamal Numan Acar Hakimas Hakim Omari Bernard Guard #1as Guard #1 Nathaniel Ellul Guard #2as Guard #2 Sebastien Torkia Guard #3as Guard #3 Buckso Dhillon-Woolley Matronas Matron Ceara Batson School Girlas School Girl Vinani Mwazanzale School Girlas School Girl Director Guy Ritchie Writers John August(screenplay by) Guy Ritchie(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro 'Aladdin' Cast Share Their Favorite Will Smith Moments 'Aladdin' Cast Share Their Favorite Will Smith Moments The cast and director of Disney's live-action Aladdin reveal their favorite moments with Will Smith and share their favorite scenes to recreate from the original animated film.Watch now 2:27 More like this 6.8 The Lion King 7.1 Beauty and the Beast 8.0 Aladdin 7.0 Maleficent 6.8 Frozen II 6.6 Maleficent: Mistress of Evil 7.4 Frozen 7.7 Tangled 6.9 Cinderella 7.6 Moana 7.1 Brave 6.4 Alice in Wonderland Storyline Edit A kind-hearted street urchin Aladdin vies for the love of the beautiful princess Jasmine, the princess of Agrabah. When he finds a magic lamp, he uses the genie's magic power to make himself a prince in order to marry her. He's also on a mission to stop the powerful Jafar who plots to steal the magic lamp that could make his deepest wishes come true. —Santhosh heromonkeygenie charactertigerparrot374 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Choose wisely. Genres Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy Musical Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for some action/peril Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the "Friend Like Me" number, both the Genie and the Carpet do the Carlton dance from Will Smith's comedy The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990). Goofs When we first meet Jasmine's handmaiden Dalia, the out of focus distant mountains and sea beyond the balcony are slowly panning right to left, however, the foreground is a still shot and there is no scanning or "camera" movement. Quotes Genie: [Aladdin bungles his courtship of Jasmine] In 10,000 years, I've never been that embarrassed. Crazy credits SPOILER: Part of the closing credits are shown over the weddings of Aladdin with Jasmine and Genie with Dalia, where everyone dances to "Friend Like Me". This came from the Broadway performance of "Aladdin", which ends with the cast performing "Friend Like Me". Connections Edited into Will Smith: Prince Ali (2020) Soundtracks Arabian Nights (2019) Written by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman Additional Lyrics by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul Performed by Will Smith User reviews2.4K Review Top review 9/10 I don't understand why the critics are bashing on this one. I honestly didn't know what I was going into and it was such a delightful surprise! It really exceeded my expectations and I had fun during the whole movie. Critics are really being harsh and I can't believe that beauty and the beast was more critically praised. The movie was so bland and boring while this one has so much energy and life to it. The characters had amazing chemistry with each other and the lines were delivered smoothly. The two things I was worried about that subsided as soon as the movie started are: 1- Jafar's character: Marwan tries his best to make but the material he's given isn't strong enough. I wish they developed his character more. However, I didn't mind the change they did it with his character as it fits more with this version. 2- Cultural representation: The trailers made the movie look like a production from bollywood. Not hating on the Indian culture, but it really annoyed me as Arab to see a Middle Eastern/Arabic folk tale that we all know long before Disney introduced it to the world to be represented in a fully different culture. Fortunately, the movie looks and feels way more Arabian such Arabic writings here and there, hearing some people speaking Arabic briefly, the names and appearance of the people of Agrabah and of course the amazing score! Although there are some slight hints of India/South Asia in the clothing and dancing, but I didn't mind that at all. I would've give it a 10 if the cinematography was better. This is my only issue with movie as it looked like high budget TV soap opera in some scenes. Don't miss on this one! You'll have fun. helpful•383 330 talajano May 24, 2019 FAQ3 Why didn't they have Aladdin/Prince Ali wear his hat during "A Whole New World"? That really bothered me. Details Edit Release date May 24, 2019 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Australia Official sites Official Facebook Official Site Languages English Arabic Also known as 阿拉丁 Filming locations Wadi Rum, Jordan Production companies Walt Disney Pictures Lin Pictures Rideback See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $183,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $355,559,216 Opening weekend US & Canada $91,500,929 May 26, 2019 Gross worldwide $1,050,693,953 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 8 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Broadway Box Office Climbs 12% To $26M; ‘Harry Potter & The Cursed Child’ Joins Roster Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Broadway’s ‘Chicken & Biscuits’ To Close Early Due To Financial Impact Of Covid Cancellations Nov 11Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.