Aleksa Palladino - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0657760/news?ref_=nm_ql_rel_2
Aleksa Palladino - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Aleksa Palladino News Blu-ray Review – No Man of God (2021) 25 October 2021 by admin Flickeringmyth No Man of God, 2021. Directed by Amber Sealey. Starring Elijah Wood, Luke Kirby, Aleksa Palladino, Robert Patrick, W. Earl Brown, and Christian Clemenson. Synopsis: In the final years before his execution, America’s most notorious serial killer Ted Bundy forms a complicated relationship with an FBI profiler. With dramatisations of real-life serial killers and true […] The post Blu-ray Review – No Man of God (2021) appeared first on Flickering Myth. See full article at Flickeringmyth » Permalink Report this Wamg Giveaway: Win the Blu-ray of the Ted Bundy Drama No Man Of God Starring Elijah Wood – Available October 19th 12 October 2021 by Tom Stockman WeAreMovieGeeks.com Rlje Films, a business unit of AMC Networks, will release the drama/thriller No Man Of God on DVD and Blu-ray on October 19, 2021. Here’s the trailer: Directed by Amber Sealey (No Light and No Land Anywhere), No Man Of God stars Elijah Wood (The Lord of the Rings Trilogy), Luke Kirby (“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”), Aleksa Palladino (The Irishman) and Robert Patrick (Terminator 2). It was written by Kit Lesser. The DVD will be available for an Srp of $29.96 and the Blu-ray for an Srp of $29.97. Now you can win the Win the Blu-ray of No Man Of God. We Are Movie Geeks has one to give away. Just leave a comment below telling us what your favorite movie about Ted Bundy is (I’d say The Stranger Beside Me. It’s so easy!) 1. You Must Be A US Resident. Prize Will Only Be Shipped To US Addresses. No P. See full article at WeAreMovieGeeks.com » Permalink Report this Film Review: No Man Of God (2021): Elijah Wood is Dynamite as FBI Agent in Dramatic Film About Ted Bundy 06 September 2021 by Thomas Duffy Film-Book No Man of God Review — No Man of God (2021) Film Review, a movie directed by Amber Sealey and starring Elijah Wood, Luke Kirby, Robert Patrick, Aleksa Palladino, Christian Clemenson, Mac Brandt, Hugo Armstrong, Emily Berry, Will Harris, Gilbert Owuor, Jessica Lynn Skinner, Nican Robinson, Allison Baver, John Wilcox, Kate Adams, Richard Blackmon, [...] Continue reading: Film Review: No Man Of God (2021): Elijah Wood is Dynamite as FBI Agent in Dramatic Film About Ted Bundy See full article at Film-Book » Permalink Report this Frightfest 2021: ‘No Man of God’ Review 03 September 2021 by Chris Cummings Nerdly Stars: Elijah Wood, Luke Kirby, Robert Patrick, Aleksa Palladino, Christian Clemenson | Written by Kit Lesser | Directed by Amber Sealey Written by Kit Lesser and directed by Amber Sealey (No Light and No Land Anywhere), No Man of God takes the horrifying true crime case of Ted Bundy and contorts the lens in order to look at Bundy’s relationship with FBI analyst and profiler Bill Hagenmaier during his final years as a death row inmate. It’s an intriguing concept and one I was very excited to sit down and watch. Elijah Wood (The Lord of the Rings Trilogy) plays Hagenmaier and Bundy is played by Luke Kirby, whom I personally know from his run in The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel as Lenny Bruce. The majority of this movie is a character play between two men, a conversation, a back and forth. Seeing Kirby and Wood act their socks off is a joyous thing, See full article at Nerdly » Permalink Report this Arrow Video FrightFest 2021 Review – No Man of God 29 August 2021 by Shaun Munro Flickeringmyth No Man of God, 2021. Directed by Amber Sealey. Starring Elijah Wood, Robert Patrick, Luke Kirby, Aleksa Palladino, and Christian Clemenson. Synopsis: Sentenced to death by electrocution, serial killer Ted Bundy develops a strange and complicated relationship with FBI agent Bill Hagmaier while detailing his heinous crimes. The general public’s obsession with serial killers is […] The post Arrow Video FrightFest 2021 Review – No Man of God appeared first on Flickering Myth. See full article at Flickeringmyth » Permalink Report this Stephen Daldry’s ‘Together’ In Theaters; Halsey On Imax, ‘Stripes’ Turns 40 – Specialty Preview 27 August 2021 by Jill Goldsmith Deadline Together, the lockdown drama from Bleecker Street, opens on 250 screens this weekend in a specialty market treading water and with little visibility on box office amid daily Covid headlines. The trend continues of specialty films going wider faster and narrowing the window from theatrical to VOD in a nod to the chunk of its audience, mainly older, that feels more comfortable watching at home. The market is looking to a stream of fall product ahead of awards season, hoping the virus is more contained by then. Some good news offset the march of the Delta Variant this week as the Fda granted full approval to the Pfizer vaccine – shots in arms being key to an accelerated theatrical revival. Together is directed by Stephen Daldry and written by Dennis Kelly. It stars James McAvoy and Sharon Horgan as a couple forced to See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this ‘No Man of God’ Film Review: Ted Bundy Death-Row Drama Has Quiet Power 26 August 2021 by Robert Abele The Wrap Real evil will always be a tantalizing go-to for storytellers, and in the case of notorious serial killer Ted Bundy, it’s meant at least nine at-bats across film and television for handsome, ambitious actors (from ‘80s-era heartthrob Mark Harmon to post-Disney Zac Efron) to twist looks, charisma and pathology into a portrait of chill, guy-next-door monstrosity. Could Luke Kirby’s turn, as the death-row Bundy, be the best yet? Even if director Amber Sealey’s crisp, compelling indie docudrama “No Man of God” is the second Bundy film this year alone, not counting documentaries? Pardon the competitive shading to that question, but in the Hannibal Lecter era, screen madmen have mostly been muscle-flexing attempts at nerve-jangling one-upmanship, so it’s a comparison most films welcome. And Bundy, convicted of murdering three women but certainly guilty of killing, raping and kidnapping countless more, has become a true-crime cottage industry, to See full article at The Wrap » Permalink Report this Movie Review – No Man of God (2021) 23 August 2021 by Robert Kojder Flickeringmyth No Man of God, 2021. Directed by Amber Sealey. Starring Luke Kirby, Elijah Wood, Aleksa Palladino, Robert Patrick, W. Earl Brown, and Christian Clemenson. Synopsis: The complicated relationship that formed between the FBI analyst Bill Hagmaier and serial killer Bundy during Bundy’s final years on death row. It should be said right off the bat […] The post Movie Review – No Man of God (2021) appeared first on Flickering Myth. See full article at Flickeringmyth » Permalink Report this No Man of God Movie Review 22 August 2021 by Harvey Karten ShockYa No Man Of God Rlje Films Reviewed for Shockya.com & BigAppleReviews.net linked from Rotten Tomatoes by: Harvey Karten Director: Amber Sealey Writer: Kit Lesser Cast: Elijah Wood, Luke Kirby, Aleksa Palladino, Robert Patrick, Christian Clemenson, W. Earl Brown, Gilbert Owur Screened: Critics’ Link 7/27/21 Opens: August 27, 2021 Take a look at the people who […] The post No Man of God Movie Review appeared first on Shockya.com. See full article at ShockYa » Permalink Report this No Man Of God (2021) Movie Trailer: FBI Analyst Elijah Wood Interviews Serial Killer Ted Bundy in Amber Sealey’s Film 12 July 2021 by Rollo Tomasi Film-Book No Man of God Trailer — Amber Sealey‘s No Man of God (2021) movie trailer has been released by Rlje Films. The No Man of God trailer stars Elijah Wood, Luke Kirby, Aleksa Palladino, Robert Patrick, Christian Clemenson, Mac Brandt, and Gilbert Owuor. Crew Kit Lesser wrote the screenplay for the No Man of God. Karina [...] Continue reading: No Man Of God (2021) Movie Trailer: FBI Analyst Elijah Wood Interviews Serial Killer Ted Bundy in Amber Sealey’s Film See full article at Film-Book » Permalink Report this *Official Trailer & Poster** No Man Of God – In Theaters and On Demand and Digital August 27 10 July 2021 by Adrian Halen Horror News No Man Of God Starring: Elijah Wood, Luke Kirby, Aleksa Palladino, Robert Patrick Directed by: Amber Sealey Written by: Kit Lesser In 1980, Ted Bundy was sentenced to death by electrocution. In the years that followed, he agreed to disclose the details of his crimes, but only to one man. No Man Of God … The post *Official Trailer & Poster** No Man Of God – In Theaters and On Demand and Digital August 27 appeared first on Horror News | Hnn. See full article at Horror News » Permalink Report this Horror Highlights: No Man Of God, Stabby Saturdays, Demonic, Friend Of The World, The Final Ride 09 July 2021 by Jonathan James DailyDead Watch the Trailer for No Man Of God: "In 1980, Ted Bundy was sentenced to death by electrocution. In the years that followed, he agreed to disclose the details of his crimes, but only to one man. No Man Of God is based on the true story of the strange and complicated relationship that developed between FBI agent Bill Hagmaier and an incarcerated Ted Bundy in the years leading to Bundy's execution." Starring: Elijah Wood, Luke Kirby, Aleksa Palladino, Robert Patrick Directed by: Amber Sealey Written by: Kit Lesser In Theaters, On Demand and Digital - August 27, 2021 ---------- Stabby Saturdays on Shudder: "On July 10th and July 17th, author Grady Hendrix is celebrating slasher cinema in honor of the launch of his new novel, "The Final Girl Support Group." The two-week event, called Stabby Saturdays, sees the novelist team up with collaborator Ted Geoghegan to screen slasher double features See full article at DailyDead » Permalink Report this No Man of God Trailer: Elijah Wood Comes Face-To-Face with Ted Bundy 09 July 2021 by Ryan Scott MovieWeb Today brings the first trailer for No Man of God. This is a new movie focused on the infamous serial killer Ted Bundy. It certainly isn't the first, and it probably won't be the last. But it is attempting to do something new. Elijah Woodis playing an FBI agent names Bill Hagmaier who ended up forming an intimate relationship with Bundy, played by Luke Kirby, in the years after he was incarcerated. The trailer opens by making it clear that this is based on a true story. We then get into the meat and potatoes of it all, which sees Elijah Wood's Bill having conversations with Luke Kirby's Bundy. Just ahead of his scheduled execution, Bundy decides he's willing to talk. Confess to everything. But to Bill and only to Bill. It then becomes a series of very intense conversations that are making Bill question a lot about his own life. See full article at MovieWeb » Permalink Report this Ted Bundy Interviewed in 'No Man of God' Trailer Starring Elijah Wood 09 July 2021 by Alex Billington FirstShowing.net "There are a lot of myths and misunderstandings about me..." Rlje Films has debuted an official trailer for a chilling film titled No Man of God, made by filmmaker Amber Sealey, and with a script written by "Kit Lesser", a pseudonym for writer C. Robert Cargill. This just premiered at the 2021 Tribeca Film Festival, and arrives in theaters and on VOD starting in August. Another film about Ted Bundy and his twisted ways. In 1980, Bundy was sentenced to death by electrocution. In the years that followed, he agreed to disclose all the details of his crimes, but only to one man. No Man of God is based on the true story of the strange and complicated relationship that developed between FBI agent Bill Hagmaier and an incarcerated Ted Bundy in the years leading to Bundy's execution. Starring Elijah Wood as Bill Hagmaier, and Luke Kirby as Ted Bundy, with Aleksa Palladino and Robert Patrick. See full article at FirstShowing.net » Permalink Report this ‘No Man of God’ Review: Elijah Wood and Luke Kirby Find New Terror in Ted Bundy’s Oft-Told Story 12 June 2021 by Kate Erbland Indiewire Shocking revelations aren’t in short supply in Amber Sealey’s fact-based “No Man of God,” but at least one remains hard to shake, both for the audience and the onscreen character at the receiving end of the information. During one of their earliest meetings, serial killer Ted Bundy (Luke Kirby) tells FBI analyst Bill Hagmaier (Elijah Wood) the closest thing that might amount to an ethos for the murderer and rapist: “normal people kill people.” For Hagmaier, dispatched to interview Bundy as part of the FBI’s then-fledgling criminal profiling division, it’s the sort of admission that seems destined to derail him, both personally and professionally. Instead, in Sealey’s “No Man of God,” it serves as a touchstone, an impossible-to-kick idea that torments both Bill and Ted, a concept that holds together the film even when it threatens to shake loose. While both Ted Bundy’s hideous See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Rlje Films Acquires North American Rights to Amber Sealey’s No Man Of God 06 May 2021 by Derek Anderson DailyDead Before it world premieres at the Tribeca Film Festival, Amber Sealey's No Man of God (which focuses on the real-life discussions shared by Ted Bundy and FBI Agent Bill Hagmaier) has been picked up for North American distribution by Rlje Films, with a theatrical release planned for August. Press Release: Los Angeles – Rlje Films, a business unit of AMC Networks, has acquired the North American rights to the dramatic thriller, No Man Of God. Based on real transcripts and conversations between serial killer Ted Bundy and FBI Agent Bill Hagmaier, Rlje Films nabs No Man Of God ahead of its world premiere at this year’s TriBeCa Film Festival. The film will be released in theaters in August 2021. “No Man Of God explores FBI agent Bill Hagmaier’s actual interrogation of Ted Bundy,” said Mark Ward, Chief Acquisitions Officer at Rlje Films. “A story that has never been told, See full article at DailyDead » Permalink Report this Rlje Films Picks Up Ted Bundy Dramatic Thriller ‘No Man Of God’ Ahead Of Tribeca Film Festival Premiere 06 May 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Exclusive: AMC Networks’ Rlje Films has taken North American rights to the Elijah Wood and Luke Kirby dramatic thriller No Man of God, based on real transcripts and conversations between serial killer Ted Bundy and FBI agent Bill Hagmaier. The deal for the Amber Sealey-directed feature went down ahead of the pic’s Tribeca Film Festival premiere in June. The pic is now scheduled to hit theaters in August. In 1980, Bundy (Kirby) was sentenced to death by electrocution. In the years that followed, he agreed to disclose the details of his crimes, but only to one man, that being Hagmaier (Wood). Aleksa Palladino and Robert Patrick also star in the Kit Lesser-scripted feature. No Man of God was produced by Wood, Daniel Noah, Lisa Whalen and Kim Sherman. Ward and Jess De Leo of Rlje Films negotiated the deal with Whalen and Stacy Jorgensen on behalf of Company X/SpectreVision and the filmmakers. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Rlje Films acquires North America on Tribeca selection ‘No Man Of God’ 06 May 2021 by Jeremy Kay ScreenDaily XYZ Films handles international sales. Rlje Films has acquired North American rights to Ted Bundy drama No Man Of God starring Elijah Wood and Luke Kirby ahead of its Tribeca Festival world premiere in June. Based on real transcripts and conversations between serial killer Bundy (Kirby) and FBI agent Bill Hagmaier (Wood), the film centres on the complicated relationship that evolved between the men while Bundy was on Death Row awaiting execution. Amber Sealey (No Light And No Land Anywhere) directed the feature from a screenplay by Kit Lesser. Rounding out the cast are Aleksa Palladino and Robert Patrick. Producers are Wood, See full article at ScreenDaily » Permalink Report this Emmys 2020 exclusive: Showtime categories for ‘Black Monday,’ ‘Homeland,’ ‘The Loudest Voice’ and more 14 April 2020 by Chris Beachum Gold Derby In a Gold Derby exclusive, we have learned the category placements of the key Emmy Awards contenders for Showtime. For this season, the premium network has returning hits “Black Monday” (Don Cheadle), “Kidding” (Jim Carrey), “Homeland” (Claire Danes), “Ray Donovan (Liev Schreiber) and “Shameless” (William H. Macy) plus limited series “The Loudest Voice” (Russell Crowe) as part of their 2020 campaign. Newcomers could include “City on a Hill” (Kevin Bacon) and “On Becoming a God in Central Florida” (Kirsten Dunst). Below, the list of Showtime lead, supporting and guest submissions for their comedy, drama and limited series. More names might be added by the network on the final Emmy ballot. Also note that performers not included on this list may well be submitted by their personal reps. “The Affair” Drama Series Drama Actor – Dominic West Drama Actress – Maura Tierney Drama Supporting Actor – Jadon Sand Drama Supporting Actress – Anna Paquin, Julia Goldani Telles See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Robin Lord Taylor Talks Alternate Universes, Shifting Timelines and The Mandela Effect [Exclusive] 06 December 2019 by B. Alan Orange MovieWeb The Mandela Effect is a term often used to describe the phenomenon of shared false memories. Some consider it a conspiracy theory, others believe it to be nothing more than an Internet meme. While there are a strong few who know, without a doubt, that our current plain of existence is constantly shifting, as we experience the merging of various alternate realities. Is it all psychological? Or is this really happening to us, with ripples tearing through the fabric of reality, causing changes, burps and hiccups both big and small? Fiona Broome coined the term in 2009, and it references the phenomenon where many people remember Nelson Mandela's death before it actually ever happened, with many claiming he died in prison. Not years later as a free man. These types of shared false memories have stretched into many other aspects, raging from movies, to geology to human history. Things aren't quite as they seem. See full article at MovieWeb » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Credited With | External Sites Aleksa Palladino Related Items Credited With News External Sites Filmography by Year by Job by Ratings by Votes by Genre by Keyword Personal Details Biography Other Works Publicity Listings Official Sites Contact Info (IMDbPro) Did You Know? Personal Quotes Trivia Trademark Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards Professional Services Get more at IMDbPro Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Gorgeous muses a list of 43 people created 10 Mar 2015 Crush a list of 24 people created 17 Feb 2015 worng turners a list of 42 people created 29 Sep 2012 Favourite Beautiful Actresses a list of 7411 people created 14 Mar 2018 Artist a list of 150 people created 08 Nov 2018 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.