Alien (1979) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078748/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Alien (1979) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Alien 19791979 RR 1h 57m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 831K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 221 12 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:05 9 Videos 99+ Photos HorrorSci-Fi After a space merchant vessel receives an unknown transmission as a distress call, one of the crew is attacked by a mysterious life form and they soon realize that its life cycle has merely ... Read allAfter a space merchant vessel receives an unknown transmission as a distress call, one of the crew is attacked by a mysterious life form and they soon realize that its life cycle has merely begun.After a space merchant vessel receives an unknown transmission as a distress call, one of the crew is attacked by a mysterious life form and they soon realize that its life cycle has merely begun. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 831K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 221 12 Director Ridley Scott Writers Dan O'Bannon(screenplay by) Ronald Shusett(story by) Stars Sigourney Weaver Tom Skerritt John Hurt Top credits Director Ridley Scott Writers Dan O'Bannon(screenplay by) Ronald Shusett(story by) Stars Sigourney Weaver Tom Skerritt John Hurt See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 316Critic reviews 89Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #52 Won 1 Oscar 18 wins & 22 nominations total Videos9 Trailer 2:05 Theatrical Version Trailer 1:06 Alien Clip 1:40 A Guide to the Films of Ridley Scott Clip 4:04 'The Platform' & Future Films From the IMDb Top 250 Clip 3:47 How "Carnival Row" Gets Lovecraft Right Clip 1:17 Alien | Anniversary Mashup Interview 3:19 How 'Alien' Inspired Ridley Scott on "Raised by Wolves" Video 1:56 "Counterpart" Executive Producer Jordan Horowitz on the Art of Espionage Video 1:23 The Watchlist With 'La La Land' Producer Jordan Horowitz Photos328 Top cast Edit Sigourney Weaver Ripleyas Ripley Tom Skerritt Dallasas Dallas John Hurt Kaneas Kane Veronica Cartwright Lambertas Lambert Harry Dean Stanton Brettas Brett Ian Holm Ashas Ash Yaphet Kotto Parkeras Parker Bolaji Badejo Alienas Alien Helen Horton Motheras Mother (voice) Eddie Powell Alienas Alien (uncredited) Director Ridley Scott Writers Dan O'Bannon(screenplay by) (story by) Ronald Shusett(story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Aliens 6.5 Alien³ 8.5 Terminator 2: Judgment Day 6.2 Alien: Resurrection 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.5 Back to the Future 8.6 Star Wars 8.4 The Shining 8.1 Blade Runner 6.4 Alien: Covenant 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi Storyline Edit In the distant future, the crew of the commercial spaceship Nostromo are on their way home when they pick up a distress call from a distant moon. The crew are under obligation to investigate and the spaceship descends on the moon afterwards. After a rough landing, three crew members leave the spaceship to explore the area on the moon. At the same time as they discover a hive colony of some unknown creature, the ship's computer deciphers the message to be a warning, not a distress call. When one of the eggs is disturbed, the crew realizes that they are not alone on the spaceship and they must deal with the consequences. —blazesnakes9 alienspaceshipouter spacecreaturefemale protagonist203 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines In space no one can hear you scream. Genres Horror Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for sci-fi violence/gore and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The blue laser lights that were used in the alien ship's egg chamber were borrowed from The Who. The band was testing out the lasers for their stage show in the soundstage next door. Goofs (at around 1h 35 mins) A crewman with a black panel of some kind is visible through the smoke as Ripley runs through the corridors at the end of the film. Quotes [last lines] Ripley: Final report of the commercial starship Nostromo, third officer reporting. The other members of the crew - Kane, Lambert, Parker, Brett, Ash, and Captain Dallas - are dead. Cargo and ship destroyed. I should reach the frontier in about six weeks. With a little luck, the network will pick me up. This is Ripley, last survivor of the Nostromo, signing off. [to Jonesy the cat] Ripley: Come on, cat. Crazy credits The title of the movie is slowly created one line at a time at the top of the screen during the opening credits, starting out with the I, then the slash in A and the backslash in N, and then the vertical lines in L and E (so it looks like / I I I \). After that, the ensuing lines of each letter are added slowly one at a time until the title is fully visible. Alternate versions In April of 2019 Ridley Scott re-released Alien in 4K HDR for both the Theatrical version and the Director's Cut. The biggest changes to the film made were to the Director's Cut. The Cocoon scene with Dallas was omitted, along with various cuts and additional scenes added in for pacing purposes. For example, the new Directors cut includes the Dallas with Mother scene in which Dallas is informed of his fate which was not in the original 2003 Director's Cut.. Since the re-release of Alien in 4K it has been unclear why Scott continued to market this cut as the "2003" version when in fact it should be labeled on the cover as the "2019" Directors Cut considering the gross amount of previous scenes omitted from the '03 version and the changes made in the new cut. Connections Edited into Bride of Monster Mania (2000) Soundtracks Incidental music from 'Symphony No. 2 ('Romantic')' by Howard Hanson [Played over end credits] User reviews1.6K Review Top review A horror classic that has stood the test of time! Still by far the best movie in the series. 'Alien' while technically science fiction is also one of the greatest horror/suspense movies ever made. Ridley Scott is now one of the most well known and successful directors in Hollywood, but I don't think anything he's made in the last ten years is a patch on this perfect film, which is a near masterpiece in my opinion. In fact, on reflection there are only three Scott movies I genuinely like, those being his first three. The last of these 'Blade Runner' was released twenty years ago now, so to me Scott is long past his use by date. Whatever, 'Alien' itself is a brilliant piece of work, and is almost flawless. Scott's direction is superb and everything else about it is outstanding - a strong script from Dan O'Bannon et al, an evocative score from Jerry Goldsmith, brilliant design and special effects, including the amazing contributions from H.R.Giger, all add up to an amazing movie experience. I also really liked how the cast were character actors and not "stars" so there was plenty of suspense generated as to who will live and who will die. This is something very few subsequent movies have done, 'Pitch Black' being one of the exceptions. Sigourney Weaver may be an icon as Ripley now, but when the movie was first released she was virtually unknown, having had a small cameo in Woody Allen's 'Annie Hall' and not much else. The rest of the cast are equally as good. I especially enjoyed Yaphet Kotto ('Blue Collar') and the legendary Harry Dean Stanton ('Wise Blood') as the wise cracking "below deck" crew. Many people seem to prefer James Cameron's sequel 'Aliens' over this, but as I much prefer horror and suspense movies to action ones I think this is definitely the better movie, and still the strongest and most effective in the series. 'Alien' is a horror classic and an absolutely unforgettable movie that I can't recommend highly enough. If you haven't seen it before watch it immediately! helpful•198 82 Infofreak Dec 12, 2002 FAQ29 Where is the planetoid the Nostromo visits, and does it have a name? How does the spaceship create gravity? The spaceship does not seem to be rotating, although rotation is necessary to create gravity in the space. Why can the alien be alive in the atmosphere in the spaceship, which contains much more oxygen, which should be toxic to the alien, than in the planet the alien resides? Details Edit Release date June 22, 1979 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Official Disney+ Hotstar (id) Official Facebook Language English Also known as 异形 Filming locations Shepperton Studios, Shepperton, Surrey, England, UK Production company Brandywine Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $11,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $81,900,459 Opening weekend US & Canada $3,527,881 May 28, 1979 Gross worldwide $106,285,522 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 57 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news The 10 Best Horror Movie Premises From The 2010s Nov 16ScreenRant.com Ridley Scott Explains Why His “Superhero” Movies Are Better Than Today’s “Boring” Blockbusters Nov 15Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Alien (1979) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.