Alien: Resurrection (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118583/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Alien: Resurrection (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Alien: Resurrection 19971997 RR 1h 49m IMDb RATING 6.2/10 239K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,796 49 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:32 9 Videos 99+ Photos ActionHorrorSci-Fi 200 years after her death, Ellen Ripley is revived as a powerful human/alien hybrid clone. Along with a crew of space pirates, she must again battle the deadly aliens and stop them from reac... Read all200 years after her death, Ellen Ripley is revived as a powerful human/alien hybrid clone. Along with a crew of space pirates, she must again battle the deadly aliens and stop them from reaching Earth.200 years after her death, Ellen Ripley is revived as a powerful human/alien hybrid clone. Along with a crew of space pirates, she must again battle the deadly aliens and stop them from reaching Earth. IMDb RATING 6.2/10 239K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,796 49 Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet Writers Dan O'Bannon(characters) Ronald Shusett(characters) Joss Whedon Stars Sigourney Weaver Winona Ryder Dominique Pinon Top credits Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet Writers Dan O'Bannon(characters) Ronald Shusett(characters) Joss Whedon Stars Sigourney Weaver Winona Ryder Dominique Pinon See production, box office & company info 778User reviews 252Critic reviews 63Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 7 wins & 21 nominations Videos9 Trailer 0:32 Alien: Resurrection Trailer 2:26 Alien: Resurrection Trailer 1:11 Alien: Resurrection Trailer 0:21 Alien Anthology Trailer 1:02 Alien Anthology Trailer 1:05 Alien Anthology Trailer 0:34 Alien Anthology Trailer 0:17 Alien: Resurrection Clip 3:13 What Roles Has Winona Ryder Turned Down? Photos159 Top cast Edit Sigourney Weaver Ripleyas Ripley Winona Ryder Callas Call Dominique Pinon Vriessas Vriess Ron Perlman Johneras Johner Gary Dourdan Christieas Christie Michael Wincott Elgynas Elgyn Kim Flowers Hillardas Hillard Dan Hedaya General Perezas General Perez J.E. Freeman Dr. Wrenas Dr. Wren Brad Dourif Gedimanas Gediman Raymond Cruz Distephanoas Distephano Leland Orser Purvisas Purvis Carolyn Campbell Anesthesiologistas Anesthesiologist Marlene Bush Scientistas Scientist David St. James Surgeonas Surgeon Rodney Mitchell Soldier with Gloveas Soldier with Glove Robert Faltisco Soldier Shot Through Helmetas Soldier Shot Through Helmet David Rowe Frozen Soldieras Frozen Soldier Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet Writers Dan O'Bannon(characters) Ronald Shusett(characters) Joss Whedon All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.5 Alien³ 8.3 Aliens 6.4 Alien: Covenant 8.4 Alien 7.0 Prometheus 5.6 AVP: Alien vs. Predator 6.3 Predator 2 6.4 Predators 7.8 Predator 4.6 AVPR: Aliens vs Predator - Requiem 7.2 Alien: Covenant - Prologue: The Crossing 6.3 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines Storyline Edit The saga continues 200 years after Ripley sacrificed herself for the sake of humanity. Her erstwhile employers long gone, this time it is the military that resurrects the one-woman killing machine through genetic cloning to extract the alien from within her, but during the process her DNA is fused with the queen and then the aliens escape. Now Ripley must decide where her allegiance lies. pregnant alienalienstrong female leadstrong female characterlesbian subtext196 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It's been more than 200 years...The beginning has just started. Genres Action Horror Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sci-fi violence and gore, some grotesque images, and for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Sigourney Weaver originally refused to do a fourth Alien film. When asked why she changed her mind, she replied, "They basically drove a dumptruck full of money to my house". Goofs Doctor Gediman and Ripley both refer to the planet on which the original Ripley died as "Fury Sixteen". However, the planet they are referring to, from Alien³ (1992), was actually "Fury 161". Quotes Johner: Hey, Ripley. I heard you, like, ran into these things before? Ripley: That's right. Johner: Wow, man. So, like, what did you do? Ripley: I died. Crazy credits Many of the creature effects casting and mold making crew. Some long standing, heavily contributing members, were omitted from the credits. Supposedly due to budget concerns. Alternate versions The Indian Censor Board (CBFC)... Deleted the scene Heroine operation doing by scientist and removing small species from her worm. Deleted the scene Doctor checked a woman and man coming to the room. Deleted the scene Bomb blast in space ship. Deleted the scene a man are seating on wheel chair and man are talking to woman. Deleted the scene five six soldiers are sleeping on stretcher and scientist operating them. There scientists are standing in room in a glass chamber man and species together. Deleted the scene man and woman fighting. Deleted the scene woman is massage by man. Deleted the scene a scientist operating an spices and teasing in Deleted the scene two women are discussing. Deleted the scene hero and villain are fighting, species are fighting. Deleted the scene species are killing a man. Deleted the scene soldiers are collecting the weapons. Deleted the scene seating on wheelchair man firing on species. Deleted the scene species are killing two man. Commander throws hand grenade in space ship and blast ship. Deleted the scene a woman are firing on species. Deleted the scene heroine firing to glass chambers and kills her friend. Deleted the scene heroine and soldiers are coming in the room, all mans are dead. Deleted the scene heroine and soldiers are trap to species. Deleted the scene species attack on face of the heroine. Deleted the scene species attacks on soldier another soldiers fires on species and it. Deleted the scene two women are discussing. Deleted the scene two women are discussing. Deleted the scene two women are discussing. Deleted the scene heroine hits to villain. Deleted the scene heroine are sleeping on species. Deleted the scene heroine and species are together. Deleted the scene two mans are walking and man injured by bullet. Deleted the scene man are falling down Deleted the scene species loving the heroine, born species kills Soldier. Deleted the scene species shut the door with women soldier. Deleted the scene species attacking women another soldier divert its attention. Deleted the scene species killed a man, and try to kill women. Deleted the scene heroine attract species and brakes the glass to kill species......for a U/A certificate for TV viewing. Connections Edited into Bride of Monster Mania (2000) Soundtracks Ripley's Theme Composed by Jerry Goldsmith User reviews778 Review Top review 6/10 "Alien: Resurrection"- A fun big-budget 'B-Movie.' Trite and a bit mindless, but ferociously entertaining! One of the longest running modern day horror franchises, "Alien" is a fascinating beast in the world of entertainment and media. With its humble origins as a quiet, slow-burn sci-fi thriller, the series evolved through sequels and spin-offs into something else entirely. Whether it be through James Cameron's exquisite action-extravaganza "Aliens", or the Paul W.S. Anderson schlock-tastic crossover "AVP: Alien VS Predator", or even series co-creator Ridley Scott's own pseudo- philosophical quasi-prequel "Prometheus"... "Alien" has changed and evolved quite a bit over the past forty years. But one release in particular has attracted an almost unanimous scorn and unending ridicule from all over the fanbase. A film that's so reviled, it's almost become a prerequisite that you're just expected to hate it. That being 1997's "Alien: Resurrection"- a strange little footnote in the series that tries its hardest but never quite comes together into much of anything. An attempt to turn the series around after the mixed reception garnered by "Alien 3", this fourth film aims for the stars, but stumbles and falls flat on its face. Although, if I am to be completely honest... I actually don't mind it too much. It's silly, but quite amusing and thrilling, with stylish visual direction and plenty of laughs and thrills to go around. Yes, "Resurrection" might be a mindless and trite exercise in style over substance... but it's also bold and extraordinarily entertaining. It's a ton of fun, even if it is objectively a "bad movie." Two-hundred years after the events of the previous film, scientists working for the military successfully clone Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) and the queen embryo she had been impregnated with, intent on allowing the alien life-form to reproduce so that they might study its race. This "new" Ripley has retained some faint memories of her former life thanks to genetic memory, but as a result of the cloning process, has also taken on some characteristics of the dreaded "xenomorph" species. When the offspring of the alien queen manage to escape, however, Ripley is forced to team up with a group of mercenary space-pirates (including Ron Perlman, Winona Ryder) in order to escape. Along the way, she will uncover startling and deadly revelations about the project that brought her back to life, and come face to face with a devilish new threat... Directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet from a script by the world-renowned geek-god Joss Whedon, "Resurrection" does so much right that it's frankly a shame it's so routinely dismissed without much thought. It's essentially an incredibly slick and exceedingly well-made crappy B-movie. The plot is ridiculous. The characters silly and archetypal. And it's filled to burst with nonstop gore and effects. But it's made with a massive budget, an A-list cast and comes from a wildly talented director with a clear vision. Even on a pure aesthetic level, it's one of the most striking films of the franchise, with Jeunet's wonderful eye for flow and composition delivering many incredible set-pieces and designs that'll stick with you. It's just a gorgeous film all around. The cast is an absolute blast, with Weaver once again knocking it out of the park. Especially as this "new" Ripley also goes through some fascinating changes that both allow Weaver to stretch her acting chops... and have some fun chewing the scenery from time to time. Perlman and Ryder are good fun as members of a space-pirate team, with Perlman in particular being a good fit for the franchise. He's a criminally underrated performer and it's a joy seeing him on- screen. We also get small but fun turns from the likes of Brad Dourif, Dan Hedaya and Michael Wincott, and all serve the film quite well. The effects and action are top-notch for the time, with many sequences still holding up quite well to this day. An underwater chase-scene and a trippy climactic battle against a potential new threat in particular being eye-popping and absolutely jaw-dropping. And the wonderful cinematography and almost amniotic musical score add much to every single scene. But yeah... despite that praise, the film does have a lot of problems. Like I said above- it's basically a big-budget B-movie filled with the tropes and archetypes you'd expect, and it doesn't fit in with the rest of the series quite well. Unless you're willing to forgive a lot and go with the flow, you're not gonna have a good time with "Resurrection." There has been a lot of talk of how Whedon disowned the film and felt his script wasn't translated properly to screen, and I could definitely see shades of that. For all the amazing things he does, Jeunet seems less interested with story and more interested in increasingly psychotic visuals. And if you're looking for anything more than surface-level entertainment, you'll be sadly let-down. But me? I take movies for what they are and what they aspire to be. It's clear everyone involved on-screen is having a lot of fun. It's clear that Jeunet is trying to build a wild thrill-ride of a monster-movie. And it's clear that this is a film more concerned with crazed displays of gore and effects than a cohesive story. And you know what? I had a lot of fun with it. It's technically a "bad" movie, but to me... it's a FUN bad movie. And I'm giving it slightly above average 6 out of 10. Give it another shot with an open mind. It just might surprise you how enjoyable "Alien: Resurrection" really is. helpful•11 3 TedStixonAKAMaximumMadness Nov 26, 2017 FAQ22 When Ripley gets carried away from an alien why does she look like she enjoys it? What is 'Alien: Resurrection' about? Is "Alien: Resurrection" based on a book? Details Edit Release date November 26, 1997 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Spanish Also known as 异形4 Filming locations Ottawa, Ontario, Canada Production companies Brandywine Productions Twentieth Century Fox See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $75,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $47,795,658 Opening weekend US & Canada $16,474,092 Nov 30, 1997 Gross worldwide $161,376,069 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 49 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New On Amazon Prime Video For November 2021: Daily Listings For Streaming TV, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Alien: Resurrection (1997)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.