Aliens (1986) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090605/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_73
Aliens (1986) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Aliens 19861986 RR 2h 17m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 684K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 296 13 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 11 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi Fifty-seven years after surviving an apocalyptic attack aboard her space vessel by merciless space creatures, Officer Ripley awakens from hyper-sleep and tries to warn anyone who will listen... Read allFifty-seven years after surviving an apocalyptic attack aboard her space vessel by merciless space creatures, Officer Ripley awakens from hyper-sleep and tries to warn anyone who will listen about the predators.Fifty-seven years after surviving an apocalyptic attack aboard her space vessel by merciless space creatures, Officer Ripley awakens from hyper-sleep and tries to warn anyone who will listen about the predators. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 684K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 296 13 Director James Cameron Writers James Cameron(story by) David Giler(story by) Walter Hill(story by) Stars Sigourney Weaver Michael Biehn Carrie Henn Top credits Director James Cameron Writers James Cameron(story by) David Giler(story by) Walter Hill(story by) Stars Sigourney Weaver Michael Biehn Carrie Henn See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 218Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #73 Won 2 Oscars 20 wins & 23 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 0:31 Aliens Trailer 0:32 Aliens Trailer 1:58 Aliens Trailer 1:51 Aliens Clip 1:37 Aliens | Anniversary Mashup Clip 4:04 'The Platform' & Future Films From the IMDb Top 250 Clip 1:27 A Guide to the Films of James Cameron Clip 1:25 Aliens: 30th Anniversary Edition Clip 1:55 Aliens: 30th Anniversary Edition Video 2:15 'Overlord' Cast on How to Survive a Nazi Zombie Apocalypse Video 2:23 Our Evil Game Almost Breaks Jimmi Simpson Photos448 Top cast Edit Sigourney Weaver Ripleyas Ripley Michael Biehn Corporal Hicksas Corporal Hicks Carrie Henn Newtas Newt Paul Reiser Burkeas Burke Lance Henriksen Bishopas Bishop Bill Paxton Private Hudsonas Private Hudson William Hope Lieutenant Gormanas Lieutenant Gorman Jenette Goldstein Private Vasquezas Private Vasquez Al Matthews Sergeant Aponeas Sergeant Apone Mark Rolston Private Drakeas Private Drake Ricco Ross Private Frostas Private Frost Colette Hiller Corporal Ferroas Corporal Ferro Daniel Kash Private Spunkmeyeras Private Spunkmeyer Cynthia Dale Scott Corporal Dietrichas Corporal Dietrich (as Cynthia Scott) Tip Tipping Private Croweas Private Crowe Trevor Steedman Private Wierzbowskias Private Wierzbowski Paul Maxwell Van Leuwenas Van Leuwen Valerie Colgan ECA Repas ECA Rep Director James Cameron Writers James Cameron(story by) (screenplay by) David Giler(story by) Walter Hill(story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Alien 6.5 Alien³ 6.2 Alien: Resurrection 8.5 Terminator 2: Judgment Day 6.4 Alien: Covenant 7.0 Prometheus 7.8 Predator 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 8.0 The Terminator 8.2 Die Hard 8.1 Jurassic Park Storyline Edit 57 years after Ellen Ripley had a close encounter with the reptilian alien creature from the first movie, she is called back, this time, to help a group of highly trained colonial marines fight off against the sinister extraterrestrials. But this time, the aliens have taken over a space colony on the moon LV-426. When the colonial marines are called upon to search the deserted space colony, they later find out that they are up against more than what they bargained for. Using specially modified machine guns and enough firepower, it's either fight or die as the space marines battle against the aliens. As the Marines do their best to defend themselves, Ripley must attempt to protect a young girl who is the sole survivor of the nearly wiped out space colony. —blazesnakes9 alienrescue missionsoldiermonsterfemale hero284 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines This time there's more. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for monster violence, and for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Like most films, the movie wasn't shot in sequence. But for added realism, James Cameron filmed the scene where we first meet the Colonial Marines (one of the earliest scenes) last. This was so that the camaraderie of the Marines was realistic because the actors had spent months filming together. Goofs (at around 21 mins) When Bishop is "doing the thing with knife" the scene is sped up to give the impression that Bishop is lightning fast. Apone can be seen rocking his head back and forth, also at a ridiculous speed. Quotes Private Hudson: Hey Vasquez, have you ever been mistaken for a man? Private Vasquez: No. Have you? Crazy credits As the final credits fade, there is the sound of a facehugger scurrying across from left to right. Alternate versions The Finnish VHS version rated K16 is cut with 3 minutes and 42 seconds. Some gory murders done by the aliens, some acid-to-the-face scenes, and pretty oddly the entire "fingers and knife"-game between the soldier and Bishop, and just a shot of Newt in the water and couple of aliens rising up to the surface, are cut out. The scene in the movie's ending, where the alien queen rips Bishop in half is heavily cut too. The Finnish video version re-release is still heavily cut (3 minutes and 3 seconds), although it's a little more complete (at least the "fingers and knife"-game is intact). The cuts on both versions were applied by the distributor. Connections Edited into Attack of the 50 Foot Monster Mania (1999) User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 This ain't a film. THE sci-fi movie. It's nearly perfect in every way: storyline, characters, menacing threat, suspense, action, direction, music, emotion, etc... It's always been a favorite of mine and still is. To me this is not just a film, it is an experience. The adrenaline pumps like in no other film and rarely have we had the chance to see a heroine as compelling as Sigourney Weaver. She can kick anyone's ass and still keep a heart and soul. (Why she didn't win the Oscar back in 1986 is beyond me.) When the action starts, you're in for the ride of your life. Truly a milestone in movie making. Now if they could only release it on DVD... helpful•628 128 Pluto-3 Aug 14, 1998 FAQ37 Why was Newt afraid of Ripley & the Marines? They were human. How long could Ripley have survived in her stasis pod while drifting through space if she hadn't been found after 57 years? Since there's no gravity in outer space why does the dropship fall away from the main ship so fast? Does it have engines on top of it pushing it down and away from the main ship? Details Edit Release date July 18, 1986 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Disney+ Hotstar (id) HBOMAX Language English Also known as 异形2 Filming locations Acton Lane Power Station, Acton Lane, Acton, London, England, UK Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Brandywine Productions Pinewood Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $18,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $85,160,248 Opening weekend US & Canada $10,052,042 Jul 20, 1986 Gross worldwide $131,060,248 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 17 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news The 10 Best 1980s Movie Action Heroes Nov 14ScreenRant.com Q&a: Writer / Artist Colin Lorimer Discusses Teaming Up with Dark Horse for New Horror Comic Book Series Daisy Nov 10DailyDead Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Aliens (1986) officially released in Germany?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.