All the President's Men (1976) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074119/
All the President's Men (1976) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In All the President's Men 19761976 PGPG 2h 18m IMDb RATING 8.0/10 110K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,408 281 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:49 3 Videos 99+ Photos DramaHistoryThriller "The Washington Post" reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein uncover the details of the Watergate scandal that leads to President Richard Nixon's resignation."The Washington Post" reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein uncover the details of the Watergate scandal that leads to President Richard Nixon's resignation."The Washington Post" reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein uncover the details of the Watergate scandal that leads to President Richard Nixon's resignation. IMDb RATING 8.0/10 110K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,408 281 Director Alan J. Pakula Writers Carl Bernstein(book) Bob Woodward(book) William Goldman(screenplay) Stars Dustin Hoffman Robert Redford Jack Warden Top credits Director Alan J. Pakula Writers Carl Bernstein(book) Bob Woodward(book) William Goldman(screenplay) Stars Dustin Hoffman Robert Redford Jack Warden See production, box office & company info 274User reviews 157Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 4 Oscars 17 wins & 21 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 2:49 All the President's Men Clip 5:10 Robert Redford: The Con With Conviction & the End of a Legendary Screen Persona Interview 2:50 What Movies Make Up the DNA of "Utopia"? Photos130 Top cast Edit Dustin Hoffman Carl Bernsteinas Carl Bernstein Robert Redford Bob Woodwardas Bob Woodward Jack Warden Harry Rosenfeldas Harry Rosenfeld Martin Balsam Howard Simonsas Howard Simons Hal Holbrook Deep Throatas Deep Throat Jason Robards Ben Bradleeas Ben Bradlee Jane Alexander Bookkeeperas Bookkeeper Meredith Baxter Debbie Sloanas Debbie Sloan Ned Beatty Dardisas Dardis Stephen Collins Hugh Sloanas Hugh Sloan Penny Fuller Sally Aikenas Sally Aiken John McMartin Foreign Editoras Foreign Editor Robert Walden Donald Segrettias Donald Segretti Frank Wills Frank Willsas Frank Wills F. Murray Abraham Arresting Officer #1as Arresting Officer #1 David Arkin Eugene Bachinskias Eugene Bachinski Henry Calvert Bernard L. Barkeras Bernard L. Barker Dominic Chianese Eugenio R. Martinezas Eugenio R. Martinez Director Alan J. Pakula Writers Carl Bernstein(book) Bob Woodward(book) William Goldman(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.4 Marathon Man 8.0 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid 7.4 Three Days of the Condor 7.8 Midnight Cowboy 7.7 The French Connection 8.0 The Graduate 7.8 Kramer vs. Kramer 7.4 Tootsie 7.4 American Graffiti 7.8 The Conversation 7.8 All the President's Men Revisited 8.3 The Sting Storyline Edit In the run-up to the 1972 elections, Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward covers what seems to be a minor break-in at the Democratic Party National headquarters. He is surprised to find top lawyers already on the defense case, and the discovery of names and addresses of Republican fund organizers on the accused further arouses his suspicions. The editor of the Post is prepared to run with the story and assigns Woodward and Carl Bernstein to it. They find the trail leading higher and higher in the Republican Party, and eventually into the White House itself. —Jeremy Perkins {J-26} investigative journalismwatergatewashington postnewspaperjournalist201 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines At times it looked like it might cost them their jobs, their reputations, and maybe even their lives. Genres Drama History Thriller Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Frank Wills, the security guard who discovered the break-in at the Watergate complex, played himself. Goofs In a 2007 web discussion on Watergate, reporter Bob Woodward gave the following answer when asked for the biggest factual error in this movie: "The movie is an incredibly accurate portrait of what happened. To limit the number of characters, the city editor, Barry Sussman, was merged into another character. That is regretable, and something Carl Bernstein and I should have fought, because Sussman played a critical role in guiding and directing our reporting." Quotes [last lines] [last lines excluding archive footage] Ben Bradlee: You know the results of the latest Gallup Poll? Half the country never even heard of the word Watergate. Nobody gives a shit. You guys are probably pretty tired, right? Well, you should be. Go on home, get a nice hot bath. Rest up... 15 minutes. Then get your asses back in gear. We're under a lot of pressure, you know, and you put us there. Nothing's riding on this except the, uh, first amendment to the Constitution, freedom of the press, and maybe the future of the country. Not that any of that matters, but if you guys fuck up again, I'm going to get mad. Goodnight. Crazy credits The opening Warner Bros. Zooming \\' logo is in black and white. Alternate versions German theatrical version was cut by. ca 7,5 minutes (ie. a conversation between Rosenfeld and Simons, Woodward asking a woman about Hunt, Woodward and Bernstein being dismissed by Mrs. Hambling, Woodward on the way to a meeting with Deep Throat). DVD release is uncut. Connections Edited into La Classe américaine (1993) Soundtracks Concerto in C for two trumpets (RV 537) Written by Antonio Vivaldi User reviews274 Review Top review 10/10 seen this many times, never reviewed In today's world, "All the President's Men" is as timely as ever. And it's a great look at the importance of journalistic integrity at a time when it was important to be right, not first. A meticulously made film, and Redford and Hoffman were at the heights of their careers and both so adorable! The cast was perfect, with Hal Holbrook as Deep Throat, Jason Robards as Ben Bradlee, Jack Warden - all brilliant. The break-in, as we see, was a mess. In preparation for the break-in, someone had gone around the Democratic headquarters and put tape on all the doors so they wouldn't lock automatically. One of the first things you see is a guard finding one of the taped doors - that was the actual guard, and he was considered the hero of the night. One of the Republican plans was that during the convention, a yacht with prostitutes would be nearby; the Republicans would lure delegates onto the yacht and then blackmail them later. The interesting thing is how all of the people involved had no problem committing actual felonies - blackmail, embezzling, perjury, and one of the most powerful moments in the documentary is the TAPE of Nixon saying he knew where he could get a million in cash to pay people off. It was all like something out of The Sopranos, with John Mitchell threatening to put Katherine Graham's tit in a wringer if anything was published about him. Astonishing. And this was The White House. Woodward and Bernstein were like dogs with a bone, beautifully shown here as they continually pursue a story originally thought of as a waste, later called a witch hunt, and finally above-the-title news. I'm older now, obviously, than when Nixon resigned. It was hard for me to see him as a person then. Later on, transcribing his speeches and an interview - I realized that he was an amazing speaker, and his career had been absolutely brilliant. I pity him that he felt he had to do what he did. And then I remember his comments about Jews and artists on those tapes. A very complicated man who let his dark side take over. The film doesn't dwell on that, but on what Redford wanted - the mechanics of the investigation itself, the grunt work that went into getting the story. Some trivia: After this film, there was a large increase in the number of applicants to journalism schools. I'd like to point out that this took place after the movie - not the book. helpful•34 3 blanche-2 Jun 17, 2017 FAQ5 At 59.20 there is guy in the Chief Editors office trying to sell weather reports then crosswords and enjoying a bit of banter. We only see him from behind and when he stands up the shot cuts off at his shoulders until he walks out and turns and asks Woodward to get his boss to buy something - we get a glimpse of the side of his face. His voice and brand of humor delivery really does remind me of Mel Brookes. Even the way the actors react to him doesn't look scripted. Does anyone think that was Mel Brookes making an unscripted appearance? Is "All the President's Men" based on a book? Who was Deep Throat? Details Edit Release date April 9, 1976 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Warner Bros. WB Shop / Warner Archive Languages English Spanish Also known as Vsi predsednikovi možje Filming locations Parking garage, ABC Entertainment Center - 2040 Avenue of the Stars, Century City, Los Angeles, California, USA Production company Wildwood Enterprises See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $8,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $70,600,000 Gross worldwide $70,600,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 18 minutes Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Rocky IV: Rocky vs Drago review – silly director’s cut is a losing battle Nov 12The Guardian - Film News Woodstock 2021 Review: 18 ½, a Guy, a Girl and the Watergate Scandal Oct 3Screen Anarchy Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for All the President's Men (1976)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.