Alpha Dog (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0426883/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Alpha Dog (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Alpha Dog 20062006 RR 2h 2m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 101K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,647 1,827 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:24 12 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyCrimeDrama Johnny and a couple pals kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother, Zach, then assigns his buddy Frankie to be Zach's minder. They develop a brotherly friendship. Zach parties with his captors as th... Read allJohnny and a couple pals kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother, Zach, then assigns his buddy Frankie to be Zach's minder. They develop a brotherly friendship. Zach parties with his captors as things begin to spin out of control.Johnny and a couple pals kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother, Zach, then assigns his buddy Frankie to be Zach's minder. They develop a brotherly friendship. Zach parties with his captors as things begin to spin out of control. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 101K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,647 1,827 Director Nick Cassavetes Writer Nick Cassavetes Stars Emile Hirsch Justin Timberlake Anton Yelchin Top credits Director Nick Cassavetes Writer Nick Cassavetes Stars Emile Hirsch Justin Timberlake Anton Yelchin See production, box office & company info 291User reviews 104Critic reviews 53Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 7 nominations Videos12 Trailer 2:24 Alpha Dog Trailer 0:32 Alpha Dog Trailer 0:32 Alpha Dog Trailer 2:30 Alpha Dog Trailer 2:31 Alpha Dog Clip 0:46 Alpha Dog Clip 0:56 Alpha Dog Clip 1:04 Alpha Dog Clip 0:48 Alpha Dog Clip 0:55 Alpha Dog Interview 0:32 Alpha Dog Video 2:53 Which Blockbusters Did Ryan Gosling Turn Down? Photos174 Top cast Edit Emile Hirsch Johnny Trueloveas Johnny Truelove Justin Timberlake Frankie Ballenbacheras Frankie Ballenbacher Anton Yelchin Zack Mazurskyas Zack Mazursky Bruce Willis Sonny Trueloveas Sonny Truelove Matthew Barry Intervieweras Interviewer (as Matt Barry) Fernando Vargas Tiko 'TKO' Martinezas Tiko 'TKO' Martinez Vincent Kartheiser Pick Giaimoas Pick Giaimo Shawn Hatosy Elvis Schmidtas Elvis Schmidt Alex Solowitz Bobby '911'as Bobby '911' Alec Vigil P.J. Trueloveas P.J. Truelove Harry Dean Stanton Cosmo Gadabeetias Cosmo Gadabeeti Frank Cassavetes Adrian Jonesas Adrian Jones Nicole Dubos Neighborhood Girl on Couchas Neighborhood Girl on Couch Regina Rice Dance Bitch Girlas Dance Bitch Girl Laura Nativo Party Girlas Party Girl Ben Foster Jake Mazurskyas Jake Mazursky David Thornton Butch Mazurskyas Butch Mazursky Sharon Stone Olivia Mazurskyas Olivia Mazursky Director Nick Cassavetes Writer Nick Cassavetes All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 Lords of Dogtown 5.4 Yellow 6.9 Black Snake Moan 6.5 Hostage 6.6 16 Blocks 7.7 Lucky Number Slevin 7.7 Alpha Dogs 6.6 Unhook the Stars 6.7 Smokin' Aces 7.7 The Boondock Saints 2.9 SideFX 7.3 Running Scared Storyline Edit 1999, Claremont, California. Middle-class kids, in their 20s, talk trash, wave guns, hang out in a pack. Johnny Truelove, drug dealer and son of a underworld figure, threatens Jake Mazursky, an explosive head case who owes Johnny money; Jake responds by breaking into Johnny's house. On impulse, Johnny and a couple pals kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother, Zach. Zach's okay with it, figuring his brother will pay the debt soon. Johnny assigns his buddy Frankie to be Zach's minder, and they develop a brotherly friendship. Zach parties with his captors as things begin to spin out of control. Group think, amorality, and fear of prison assert a hold on the pack. Is Zach in danger? —<jhailey@hotmail.com> sex scenetopless female nudityfemale frontal nuditydrug dealertrue crime172 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines How did a crime with this many witnesses go so far? Genres Biography Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for pervasive drug use and language, strong violence, sexuality and nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In a scene where they have a fight, Sharon Stone hit Ben Foster so hard that his nose started bleeding. He told her to do so, because he said the scene needed to be as realistic as possible. Goofs Characters play Xbox, despite the fact that it was first sold in 2001. Quotes Frankie Ballenbacher: You want a cigarette? Zack Mazursky: No, I don't smoke. Frankie Ballenbacher: Fuck that. It's good for you. Crazy credits After the end credits, the following caption appears: 'For Nicky, May Your Slumber Be Blessed'. 'Nicky' is Nicholas Markowitz, the 'true' name of ill-fated Zack Mazursky played by Anton Yelchin. Connections Featured in 2007 MTV Movie Awards (2007) Soundtracks Over the Rainbow Written by E.Y. Harburg & Harold Arlen Performed by Eva Cassidy Courtesy of Blix Street Records User reviews291 Review Top review 8/10 Powerful and realistic. Well done by Cassavetes and Timberlake. Alpha Dog starts off as what seems like a movie all about a group of friends who life their idea of the American dream: doing drugs, having sex, and hanging out with each other not a care in the world. However, when their leader, Johnny Truelove (Emile Hirsch), decides to kidnap the brother (Anton Yelchin) of a man (Ben Foster) who owes him drug money, their perfect world begins to shatter as they realize that their mindless prank has become a situation that could get them stuck in jail for the rest of their lives. The acting is pretty good considering the cast is mostly young men with little to no experience. First, you have Anton Yelchin, whom the plot centers around. He is the young man trying to grow up, and finds a real sense of comfort in his captors, as weird as it sounds. He does a great job building a likable, yet flawed character. The film definitely displays likable characters, but the audience has to remember that these characters are not good people. Ben Foster has always been around in my eyes, and he delivers his most intense role yet as the scary and sadistic Jake Mazursky. Very good job. Emile Hirsch is steadily developing into a good leading man after nice turns in Lords of Dogtown and The Girl Next Door. He's the leader of the group, and he has a certain presence despite his small size that reminds the viewer who's in command. Sharon Stone continues to defy my expectations of her after watching her in Bobby and this film. Very intense and powerful performance, which is very heartfelt at the end of the film. However, none of these performances stack up close to that of GASP Justin Timberlake. Timberlake really stood out to me in the film as Frankie, Johnny's best friend. He develops a strong friendship with Yelchin's character, and Timberlake really steals the show the whole time. His character is the most believable and likable of the bunch. Bruce Willis and Shawn Hatosy are also good in limited screen time (I don't think I've seen Willis have this much hair in a long time). Nick Cassavetes does a good job as director, giving us the exact opposite of his most famous work to date, The Notebook. He delivers the gritty and realistic feel of 1999 Southern California and gets great performances out of actors who you don't really expect it from. The film definitely was better than I expected because of Justin Timberlake. I thought he would make the film worse but he made it better. It has some sex scenes and nudity, not to mention a lot of language, so Alpha Dog isn't really appropriate for anyone under 16 or 17. With a good ensemble cast, a good script, good direction, and a heart wrenching climax, Alpha Dog is a good movie to watch. 8/10 --spy helpful•31 6 The_Amazing_Spy_Rises Jul 19, 2007 FAQ3 In the end, when the audience is told what happend to the people involved and who went to prison for what, how much of this is accurate and how many things are made up? Is this based on a book? Details Edit Release date January 12, 2007 (United States) Countries of origin Germany United States Language English Also known as Jesse James Hollywood Filming locations Caliente Tropics Resort Hotel - 411 E. Palm Canyon Drive, Palm Springs, California, USA Production companies Sidney Kimmel Entertainment A-Mark Entertainment Alpha Dog LLC See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $15,309,602 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,412,775 Jan 14, 2007 Gross worldwide $32,351,125 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS SDDS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Sharon Stone Signs With Artist International Group Nov 15Deadline Film + TV Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Alpha Dog (2006) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.