Amadeus (1984) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086879/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_82
Amadeus (1984) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Amadeus 19841984 PGPG 2h 40m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 385K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 870 181 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:20 3 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaMusic The life, success and troubles of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, as told by Antonio Salieri, the contemporaneous composer who was insanely jealous of Mozart's talent and claimed to have murdered h... Read allThe life, success and troubles of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, as told by Antonio Salieri, the contemporaneous composer who was insanely jealous of Mozart's talent and claimed to have murdered him.The life, success and troubles of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, as told by Antonio Salieri, the contemporaneous composer who was insanely jealous of Mozart's talent and claimed to have murdered him. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 385K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 870 181 Director Milos Forman Writers Peter Shaffer(original stage play) Zdenek Mahler(uncredited) Stars F. Murray Abraham Tom Hulce Elizabeth Berridge Top credits Director Milos Forman Writers Peter Shaffer(original stage play) Zdenek Mahler(uncredited) Stars F. Murray Abraham Tom Hulce Elizabeth Berridge See production, box office & company info 686User reviews 127Critic reviews 88Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #82 Won 8 Oscars 43 wins & 15 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 2:20 Amadeus Trailer 2:25 Amadeus Trailer 2:20 Amadeus Photos114 Top cast Edit F. Murray Abraham Antonio Salierias Antonio Salieri Tom Hulce Wolfgang Amadeus Mozartas Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Elizabeth Berridge Constanze Mozartas Constanze Mozart Roy Dotrice Leopold Mozartas Leopold Mozart Simon Callow Emanuel Schikanederas Emanuel Schikaneder Christine Ebersole Katerina Cavalierias Katerina Cavalieri Jeffrey Jones Emperor Joseph IIas Emperor Joseph II Charles Kay Count Orsini-Rosenbergas Count Orsini-Rosenberg Kenneth McMillan Michael Schlumberg (2002 Director's Cut)as Michael Schlumberg (2002 Director's Cut) Kenny Baker Parody Commendatoreas Parody Commendatore Lisbeth Bartlett Papagenaas Papagena (as Lisabeth Bartlett) Barbara Bryne Frau Weberas Frau Weber Martin Cavina Young Salierias Young Salieri (as Martin Cavani) Roderick Cook Count Von Strackas Count Von Strack Milan Demjanenko Karl Mozartas Karl Mozart Peter DiGesu Francesco Salierias Francesco Salieri Richard Frank Father Vogleras Father Vogler Patrick Hines Kappelmeister Bonnoas Kappelmeister Bonno Director Milos Forman Writers Peter Shaffer(original stage play) (original screenplay) Zdenek Mahler(uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Das Boot 8.3 Braveheart 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.5 Casablanca 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.3 American Beauty 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.5 Rear Window Storyline Edit Antonio Salieri believes that Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's music is divine and miraculous. He wishes he was himself as good a musician as Mozart so that he can praise the Lord through composing. He began his career as a devout man who believes his success and talent as a composer are God's rewards for his piety. He's also content as the respected, financially well-off, court composer of Austrian Emperor Joseph II. But he's shocked to learn that Mozart is such a vulgar creature, and can't understand why God favored Mozart to be his instrument. Salieri's envy has made him an enemy of God whose greatness was evident in Mozart. He is ready to take revenge against God and Mozart for his own musical mediocrity. —Khaled Salem operaclassical composercomposer1800smusician198 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The man... The music... The madness... The murder... The motion picture... Genres Biography Drama Music Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film ironically helped spark a revival of Salieri's music, which had previously languished in obscurity. Goofs Both Mozart and Salieri are shown conducting an orchestra in modern style, by standing in front and waving the arms. In the 18th century, the conductor played first violin or harpsichord, the other musicians watching his head and hand movements. It was the rise of large orchestras in the 19th century that forced the conductor to abandon his instrument and take a more visible position. Quotes [last lines] Antonio Salieri: [wheelchaired through the insane asylum] Mediocrities everywhere... I absolve you... I absolve you... I absolve you... I absolve you... I absolve you all. [screen fades to black, Mozart's high-pitched laughter rings out in the blackness] Crazy credits The producer, screenplay writer and director thank the following for their boundless assistance in our effort to present the physical authenticity and aura you have seen and felt in "Amadeus": -The National Theatre of Czechoslovakia and Prague's Tyl Theatre management for allowing us to film in the Tyl sequences from the operas: "Abduction from the Seraglio," "The Marriage of Figaro," and "Don Giovanni." It was actually in this magnificently preserved theatre that Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart conducted the premiere performance of "Don Giovanni" on October 29, 1787. -His Eminence Cardinal Frantisek Tomasek for his kindness in permitting us to use his beautiful residence headquarters in Prague as the Emperor's palace. -The Barrandov Studios and CS Filmexport for their help in filming "Amadeus" in Prague and in castles and palaces throughout Czechoslovakia. Alternate versions The Orion Pictures logo, which was seen at the beginning of the film when it was first released theatrically, was not shown when the film played on both cable and commercial television, and is not seen on the VHS or DVD releases. Connections Edited into The Making of 'Amadeus' (2002) Soundtracks Le Nozze di Figaro (The Marriage of Figaro), K. 492, Act IV, Ah Tutti Contenti (1786) (uncredited) Music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Libretto by Lorenzo da Ponte Performed by The Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields (as Academy of St Martin In The Fields) Conducted by Neville Marriner Excerpts Sung by Samuel Ramey (Figaro), Felicity Lott (Countess), Richard Stilwell (Count Almaviva), Isobel Buchanan (as Isabel Buchanan) (Susanna), Anne Howells (Cherubino), Deborah Rees (Barbarina), Alexander Oliver (Basilio), Robin Leggate (Don Curzio), John Tomlinson (Dr. Bartolo), and Willard White (Antonio) User reviews686 Review Top review 9/10 To give everything you have to music and come up short At the tender age of 26, when I still thought no film was complete without a car chase and a big explosion, Amadeus had me hooked. I went to see it multiple times back in 1984 during its initial release, back when the theater was empty whenever it played and before it was nominated by the Academy. This film is an unusual biography, and I often like to compare it with Ed Wood, since both Ed Wood and Salieri were men who gave everything they had to their respective crafts and came up short. Salieri, a contemporary of Mozart, has only one dream - to be a great composer. Predating the prosperity gospel by about two hundred years, Salieri mistakes obsessing with God over his own earthly desires with actual godliness, even being happy when his father - who objects to Salieri's musical interests - chokes to death and leaves Salieri free to pursue his musical dreams. He chalks this up to God's will for his career. Problems begin when Salieri meets a twenty-something Mozart at the court of the Emperor in Vienna, where Salieri is the court composer. Mozart is everything Salieri is not - profane, forward, and a great composer. Salieri starts down the road to insanity as he realizes the childish Mozart has all of the gifts he ever wanted and has been denied. However, Salieri is not an outright failure as was Ed Wood. In many ways he is something worse than a ridiculous failure - he is mediocre, and worse yet, he knows it. Salieri,angry at God for honoring a profane ungrateful boy like Mozart while ignoring his own one desire to be a great composer, swears to destroy Mozart. The strange thing is, as long as Mozart is alive, Salieri is the honored composer, not Mozart, though this just seems to infuriate Salieri even more. Salieri seems to be the only person in Vienna who recognizes Mozart's talent. This just begs the question - why did it never occur to Salieri that being able to recognize something as valuable before anyone else does is a talent in and of itself? After all, in 1975 the second best thing to being Bill Gates would have been to have recognized his genius and invested heavily in his success. But I digress. The cinematography and art direction on this film are outstanding. The visuals start out light and festive, matching Mozart's mood and prospects. As poverty, illness, and the guilt of his father's death close in on Mozart during the second half of the film, the mood and visuals become very dark to match what is happening in Mozart's own life. Highly recommended. helpful•14 3 AlsExGal Jan 16, 2010 FAQ9 Is "Amadeus" based on a book? Why is this film titled with Mozart's supposed middle name? Was Salieri a real person or just made up for the movie? Details Edit Release date September 19, 1984 (United States) Countries of origin United States France Czechoslovakia Italy Official site Official Facebook Languages English Italian Latin German Also known as 莫扎特传 Filming locations Barrandov Studios, Prague, Czech Republic Production companies AMLF The Saul Zaentz Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $18,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $51,973,029 Opening weekend US & Canada $505,276 Sep 23, 1984 Gross worldwide $52,066,791 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 40 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Yahya Abdul-Mateen II Says His ‘Matrix 4’ Role Is Just ‘Called Morpheus,’ So Maybe Not Fishburne’s Nov 4Indiewire El Gouna Film Festival director Intishal Al Tamimi talks eventful fifth edition Oct 25ScreenDaily Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Amadeus (1984)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.