American Gangster (2007) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0765429/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
American Gangster (2007) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In American Gangster 20072007 RR 2h 37m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 409K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 212 155 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:57 8 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyCrimeDrama An outcast New York City cop is charged with bringing down Harlem drug lord Frank Lucas, whose real life inspired this partly biographical film.An outcast New York City cop is charged with bringing down Harlem drug lord Frank Lucas, whose real life inspired this partly biographical film.An outcast New York City cop is charged with bringing down Harlem drug lord Frank Lucas, whose real life inspired this partly biographical film. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 409K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 212 155 Director Ridley Scott Writers Steven Zaillian Mark Jacobson(article "The Return of Superfly") Stars Denzel Washington Russell Crowe Chiwetel Ejiofor Top credits Director Ridley Scott Writers Steven Zaillian Mark Jacobson(article "The Return of Superfly") Stars Denzel Washington Russell Crowe Chiwetel Ejiofor See production, box office & company info 540User reviews 305Critic reviews 76Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 12 wins & 38 nominations total Videos8 Trailer 1:57 American Gangster Clip 1:00 American Gangster Clip 0:39 American Gangster Clip 0:54 American Gangster Clip 0:42 American Gangster Interview 0:43 American Gangster Interview 0:22 American Gangster Interview 0:57 American Gangster Photos279 Top cast Edit Denzel Washington Frank Lucasas Frank Lucas Russell Crowe Richie Robertsas Richie Roberts Chiwetel Ejiofor Huey Lucasas Huey Lucas Josh Brolin Detective Trupoas Detective Trupo Lymari Nadal Evaas Eva Ted Levine Lou Tobackas Lou Toback Roger Guenveur Smith Nateas Nate John Hawkes Freddie Spearmanas Freddie Spearman RZA Moses Jonesas Moses Jones Yul Vazquez Alfonse Abruzzoas Alfonse Abruzzo Malcolm Goodwin Jimmy Zeeas Jimmy Zee Ruby Dee Mama Lucasas Mama Lucas Ruben Santiago-Hudson Docas Doc Carla Gugino Laurie Robertsas Laurie Roberts Skyler Fortgang Michael Robertsas Michael Roberts John Ortiz Javier J. Riveraas Javier J. Rivera Cuba Gooding Jr. Nicky Barnesas Nicky Barnes Armand Assante Dominic Cattanoas Dominic Cattano Director Ridley Scott Writers Steven Zaillian Mark Jacobson(article "The Return of Superfly") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 Training Day 7.6 Inside Man 7.3 Flight 7.1 Body of Lies 7.7 Man on Fire 6.9 The Book of Eli 7.1 Deja Vu 8.0 Blood Diamond 7.5 Gangs of New York 7.2 The Equalizer 7.7 Donnie Brasco 6.4 The Taking of Pelham 123 Storyline Edit Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. As a result, his product is superior to what is currently available on the street and his prices are lower. His alliance with the New York Mafia ensures his position. It is also the story of a dedicated and honest policeman, Richie Roberts, who heads up a joint narcotics task force with the Federal government. Based on a true story. —garykmcd gangstererect nipplesmentorheroinvietnam453 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines There are two sides to the American dream. Genres Biography Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence, pervasive drug content and language, nudity and sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Not only did the real Richie Roberts serve as Frank Lucas's lawyer after he went into private practice, he was godfather to Lucas's son. Goofs In 1968, when Frank prepares to call his cousin in Bangkok for the first time, an Internet URL is clearly visible on a billboard across the street. Quotes Frank Lucas: The loudest one in the room is the weakest one in the room. Crazy credits At the end of the closing credits, Frank Lucas approaches the camera and fires one shot from a pistol directly at the audience. Alternate versions The 175 min.-unrated extended version includes approx. 19 minutes of additional footage not seen in the theatrical release. Among the highlights are: A flashback with Frank Lucas and Bumpy Johnson on a boardwalk A short scene showing Richie Roberts acquiring office space for his new narcotics task force (this added scene follows immediately after Toback assigns Roberts to head up the federal investigation using honest cops of Roberts' choice) A nighttime scene where Roberts and his team tail a drug pusher with a stash of Blue Magic to an auto body shop; the next morning, Spearman strikes a deal with the shop owner "Scott" over the phone, which leads up to Roberts under disguise dropping off $20,000 to get a supply of Blue Magic In the Bronx, right after Spearman drops off Roberts and informs him that he'll circle the block, an extended scene takes place where Roberts sees both Scott take off in his Jeep and Spearman getting blocked by a broken-down truck, unable to reach Roberts. In desperation, Roberts stops a yellow cab and shows his badge, argues with the uncooperative cabbie to use it, and eventually decks the cabbie in the face to take control of the cab and quickly pursues the escaping drug pusher, ending with Roberts following the unsuspecting Scott on foot. After the Christmas visit with Charlie Williams, there's an extended scene with Frank and Eva back at their home, where Frank reminisces how Bumpy gradually stayed more and more at home towards the end of his life because of constant police surveillance. He then asks Eva if she wants to go out, nevertheless. An extended ending in 1991 where Lucas upon release from jail is picked up by Roberts, and the two make their way towards the intersection of 116 St. and Frederick Douglass Blvd, conversing while drinking lattes. Connections Featured in HBO First Look: The Making of 'American Gangster' (2007) Soundtracks Why Don't We Do It in the Road (1968) Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney Published by Sony/ATV Tunes LLC Performed by Lowell Fulson Courtesy of Jewel-Paula Recording By Arrangement with Fuel 2000 Records Inc. User reviews540 Review Top review 8/10 excellent story, flawless performances American Gangster is one of the best movies i've recently seen and it is a pleasure to watch even if you are not a gangster movies fan. The story is more captivating than i expected i must say, following Frank Lucas(Denzel Washington) - the afro-American drug lord who raised above all, even the Italian mafia - and Richie Roberts(Russel Crowe), the honest cop in a city full of corruption, sort of Frank Serpico but with less guts. Denzel Washington delivers a marvelous performance of a man calm and patient yet heart-stopping ferocious at some points, fearless and ambitious but likable as always. His performances are always incredible, he's a great actor, the greatest afro-American actor of all time i dare to say, it's simply a pleasure to watch him in any role. Russel Crowe delivers a good performance, he's one of the actors that never disappoint in my opinion and i think there's a great chemistry between them (Washington and Crowe) even though few scenes bring them face to face. Richie Roberts is in danger for being one of the few cops that actually do their jobs and refuse to take bribe so i think there's a big resemblance between Richie Roberts and Frank Serpico (Al Pacino 1973). Cuba Gooding Jr. could have gotten a bigger part, or more scenes because he's a very talented actor and he proved himself many times that he's more than capable of delivering excellent performances. The drama is less than expected but the movie is very well paced and it never gets boring even if it lasts more than two hours. Everything fits perfectly and there is an excellent antithetical presentation of the wealthy life of Frank Lucas opposite to the lives that he's drugs ruin every day, every hour, every minute... I strongly recommend to gangster movies fans, actually to those viewers who enjoy good movies because this movie is above average and you will enjoy every second of it. helpful•169 80 AdiVrj Oct 29, 2007 FAQ8 Is 'American Gangster' based on a book? Is "American Gangster" based on a true story? Why is the shot of Frank walking into an empty diner, shooting, dropping his weapon and leaving missing from the final cut? Details Edit Release date November 2, 2007 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Universal (United States) Languages English Thai Spanish Also known as Tru Blu Filming locations Chiang Mai, Thailand Production companies Universal Pictures Imagine Entertainment Relativity Media See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $100,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $130,164,645 Opening weekend US & Canada $43,565,135 Nov 4, 2007 Gross worldwide $269,755,430 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 37 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS DTS Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Ridley Scott could make Oscar history with ‘House of Gucci’ and ‘The Last Duel’ Nov 9Gold Derby New On Netflix For November 2021: Day-By-Day Listings For TV Series, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.