American History X (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120586/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_40
American History X (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In American History X 19981998 RR 1h 59m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 713 166 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 2 Videos 99+ Photos Drama A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 713 166 Director Tony Kaye Writer David McKenna Stars Edward Norton Edward Furlong Beverly D'Angelo Top credits Director Tony Kaye Writer David McKenna Stars Edward Norton Edward Furlong Beverly D'Angelo See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 128Critic reviews 62Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #40 Nominated for 1 Oscar 4 wins & 15 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:25 American History X Trailer 2:26 American History X Photos451 Top cast Edit Edward Norton Derekas Derek Edward Furlong Dannyas Danny Beverly D'Angelo Dorisas Doris Jennifer Lien Davinaas Davina Ethan Suplee Sethas Seth Fairuza Balk Staceyas Stacey Avery Brooks Sweeneyas Sweeney Elliott Gould Murrayas Murray Stacy Keach Cameronas Cameron William Russ Dennisas Dennis Guy Torry Lamontas Lamont Joe Cortese Rasmussenas Rasmussen Jason Bose Smith Little Henryas Little Henry (as Jason Bose-Smith) Antonio David Lyons Lawrenceas Lawrence Alex Sol Mitch McCormickas Mitch McCormick Keram Malicki-Sánchez Chrisas Chris (as Keram Malicki-Sanchez) Giuseppe Andrews Jasonas Jason Michelle Christine White Lizzyas Lizzy Director Tony Kaye Writer David McKenna All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 The Usual Suspects 8.5 The Departed 8.6 The Green Mile 8.6 Se7en 8.5 Léon 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.5 The Pianist 8.4 Memento 8.5 Whiplash 8.3 American Beauty 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.5 Intouchables Storyline Edit Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for brutally killing two black men who tried to break into/steal his truck. Through his brother's, Danny Vineyard, narration, we learn that before going to prison, Derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout L.A. and his actions greatly influenced Danny. Reformed and fresh out of prison, Derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep Danny from going down the same violent path as he did. —Nitesh D.(nmxpa7@msn.com) neo naziprisonhatredracismmurder373 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines His father taught him to hate. His friends taught him rage. His enemies gave him hope. Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for graphic brutal violence including rape, pervasive language, strong sexuality and nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Edward Norton turned down Saving Private Ryan (1998) to do this film. Goofs In the opening scene, Derek fires 24 shots without reloading from a Ruger P94, which could hold no more than 10 rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber. Quotes Bob Sweeney: There was a moment, when I used to blame everything and everyone for all the pain and suffering and vile things that happened to me, that I saw happen to my people. Used to blame everybody. Blamed White people, blamed society, blamed God. I didn't get no answers 'cause I was asking the wrong questions. You have to ask the right questions. Derek Vinyard: Like what? Bob Sweeney: Has anything you've done made your life better? Alternate versions The New Line Cinema DVD features 3 deleted scenes: A scene in which an elderly black woman is harassed and made to cry on the boardwalk by a bunch of teenage skinheads. A scene after the "party", in which Cameron and Seth go to a café and discuss Derek's change. They then harass a black guy/white girl couple, and then leave. A car is waiting outside, in which several black men watch them leave, before going after them. One black man inside the car remarks "Somebody's gonna get their ass whipped." The aftermath is not shown, but we later learn that Cameron and Seth were attacked. A brief scene in the café near the end in which Derek winks at a little black girl and asks her if he looks okay. Connections Edited into American History X: Deleted Scenes (1998) Soundtracks Battle Hymn of the Republic (circa 1856) (uncredited) Music by William Steffe Lyrics by Julia Ward Howe (1862) Sung a cappella by Ethan Suplee with modified lyrics User reviews1.6K Review Top review An amazing film A good friend of mine suggested this film, and I really didnt know what to expect going in, but after this film was over, I sat in stunned silence. I knew that racism was horrible, but I found through this film that it does not come without a terrible price..the loss of love, friends, family...and the realization that everything that you believed to be true isnt always the way things are. Edward Norton's performance takes the viewer through this journey, and its not a pretty one. He goes from an bright young man, to a vengeful bigot, to a remorseful excon with a brothers life in jeopardy, and you feel as though you are looking in on someones life in the course of 2 hrs. All of the acting in this film is first rate, and the ending wasnt quite as predictable as others might have you believe...it is quite shocking, as is much of the film. It causes quite a debate on the way people view others whos skin color is not the same. As Dr. King said, judge me not on the color of my skin, but on the content of my character. I live with racism, because I am a black man living in America...it exists, but if we educate ourselves like the main character in AHX, it wont stay around for much longer. Hopefully it wont be too late, as it was for him. Peace and Love, JB33 Rating 5 stars helpful•480 170 jerry_bear33 Apr 2, 2000 FAQ12 What events cause Derek to renounce his neo-Nazi views? What happened to Seth and Cameron? Is "American History X" based on a book? Details Edit Release date November 20, 1998 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Warner Bros. (United States) Language English Also known as 美国X档案 Filming locations Venice High School - 13000 Venice Boulevard, Venice, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies New Line Cinema Savoy Pictures The Turman-Morrissey Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $20,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $6,719,864 Opening weekend US & Canada $156,076 Nov 1, 1998 Gross worldwide $23,875,127 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Sharon Stone Signs With Artist International Group Nov 15Deadline Film + TV 15 Movies You Only Want to Watch Once, From ‘A Clockwork Orange’ to ‘The Revenant’ (Photos) Aug 16The Wrap Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of American History X (1998) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.