American Beauty (1999) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0169547/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_79
American Beauty (1999) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In American Beauty 19991999 RR 2h 2m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 222 79 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:01 4 Videos 99+ Photos Drama A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend.A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend.A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 222 79 Director Sam Mendes Writer Alan Ball Stars Kevin Spacey Annette Bening Thora Birch Top credits Director Sam Mendes Writer Alan Ball Stars Kevin Spacey Annette Bening Thora Birch See production, box office & company info 2.9KUser reviews 209Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #79 Won 5 Oscars 111 wins & 102 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 3:01 Theatrical Version Clip 1:59 A Guide to the Films of Sam Mendes Video 2:55 Roles That Jake Gyllenhaal Turned Down Video 2:26 How TIFF Gets the Oscars Right Photos244 Top cast Edit Kevin Spacey Lester Burnhamas Lester Burnham Annette Bening Carolyn Burnhamas Carolyn Burnham Thora Birch Jane Burnhamas Jane Burnham Wes Bentley Ricky Fittsas Ricky Fitts Mena Suvari Angela Hayesas Angela Hayes Peter Gallagher Buddy Kaneas Buddy Kane Allison Janney Barbara Fittsas Barbara Fitts Chris Cooper Colonel Fittsas Colonel Fitts Scott Bakula Jim Olmeyeras Jim Olmeyer Sam Robards Jim Berkleyas Jim Berkley Barry Del Sherman Bradas Brad Ara Celi Sale House Woman #1as Sale House Woman #1 John Cho Sale House Man #1as Sale House Man #1 Fort Atkinson Sale House Man #2as Sale House Man #2 Sue Casey Sale House Woman #2as Sale House Woman #2 Kent Faulcon Sale House Man #3as Sale House Man #3 Brenda Wehle Sale House Women #4as Sale House Women #4 Lisa Cloud Sale House Women #4as Sale House Women #4 Director Sam Mendes Writer Alan Ball All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Requiem for a Dream 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.5 American History X 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.5 The Usual Suspects 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.4 Memento 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.5 Léon 8.5 The Departed Storyline Edit After his death sometime in his forty-third year, suburbanite Lester Burnham tells of the last few weeks of his life, during which he had no idea of his imminent passing. He is a husband to real estate agent Carolyn Burnham and father to high school student Janie Burnham. Although Lester and Carolyn once loved each other, they now merely tolerate each other. Typical wallflower Janie too hates both her parents, the three who suffer individually in silence in their home life. Janie tries to steer clear of both her parents. Carolyn, relatively new to the real estate business, wants to create the persona of success to further her career, she aspiring to the professional life of Buddy Kane, the king of the real estate business in their neighborhood. Lester merely walks mindlessly through life, including at his job in advertising. His company is downsizing, and he, like all the other employees, has to justify his position to the newly hired efficiency expert to keep his job. Things change for Lester when he falls in love at first sight with Janie's more experienced classmate, Angela Hays. Both Janie and Angela can see Lester's sexual infatuation with Angela, who courts such attention from any man as a sign that she is model material, she having once appeared in Seventeen and it a career to which she aspires. Lester's infatuation with Angela gives him a reenergized view on life, where he openly doesn't care anymore what anyone thinks about what he does, anyone except Angela. This infatuation coincides with the Fittses moving in next door: homophobic disciplinarian US Marine Colonel Frank Fitts who rules the house with a military fist (that fist being both figurative and literal), his semi-comatose wife Barbara Fitts, and their bright and quietly subversive eighteen year old son Ricky Fitts, who openly abides by his father's rules while behind the scenes lives by his own quite different perspective. Much like Lester's infatuation, Ricky immediately becomes infatuated with Janie, he who considers girls like Angela as ordinary. The entry of Angela and the Fittses into the Burnhams' lives ultimately leads to each of the players confronting what is truly in his or her heart. —Huggo midlife crisisadulterous wifecheating wifeunfaithful wifevirgin girl376 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines ... look closer Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sexuality, language, violence and drug content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Sam Mendes designed the two girls' look to change over the course of the film, with Thora Birch gradually using less makeup and Mena Suvari gradually using more, to emphasize his view of their shifting perceptions of themselves. Goofs In the dinner scene where Lester throws the bowl of asparagus against the wall the picture frame has been centered between the windows over the console table, and the table lamp visible in an earlier scene has been removed. These changes are not down to continuity as such. The script originally prompted for Lester to throw the plate on the floor, however it was decided that he throw it against the wall instead without the knowledge of Annette Bening or Thora Birch. It had to be done in one take (which it was) to get a real shock reaction. The lamp was removed to avoid any debris knocking it over, and the picture was repositioned in-line with Lester's aim for a clean throw and to minimize any risk of Kevin Spacey knocking the picture off the wall spoiling the 'one-take shot'. Quotes [last lines] Lester Burnham: [narrating] I had always heard your entire life flashes in front of your eyes the second before you die. First of all, that one second isn't a second at all, it stretches on forever, like an ocean of time... For me, it was lying on my back at Boy Scout camp, watching falling stars... And yellow leaves, from the maple trees, that lined our street... Or my grandmother's hands, and the way her skin seemed like paper... And the first time I saw my cousin Tony's brand new Firebird... And Janie... And Janie... And... Carolyn. I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me... but it's hard to stay mad, when there's so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like I'm seeing it all at once, and it's too much, my heart fills up like a balloon that's about to burst... And then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain and I can't feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life... You have no idea what I'm talking about, I'm sure. But don't worry... you will someday. Crazy credits thanks to all at the Donmar Warehouse in London and Dr. Bill and Alice Connections Edited into Sex at 24 Frames Per Second (2003) Soundtracks Because Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney Performed by Elliott Smith Elliott Smith appears courtesy of DreamWorks Records User reviews2.9K Review Top review 10/10 Close To Perfection The intention is so clear that everything else falls into place, perfectly. Kevin Spacey's suburban husband and father reminded me of his character in "The Ref" and that could only be a good thing. Annette Bening and her giggle works wonders here. Their marriage is a tabloid version of a "Who's Afraid To Virginia Woolf" Which means very close to someone we know. The biggest surprises in the film. besides the amazing dexterity of Sam Mendes at his first outing behind the camera, are West Bentley. Chris Cooper, Thora Brch and Allison Janney. As I'm writing this 8 years after its first release, the Oscars and the whole hullabaloo, I'm very surprised that West Bentley hasn't become a major star. He is amazing in "American Beauty" the complexities of his character are based on recognizable human stands, the hardest to face up to and I went where he went. Thora Birch is lovely as the object of his attention and the film, I believe, is here to say. helpful•174 72 uhmartinez-phd Nov 12, 2007 FAQ4 What is American Beauty About? Who is Col. Frank Fitts? Why did Jane go shirtless and shown her breasts to Ricky? Details Edit Release date October 1, 1999 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 美国丽人 Filming locations Sacramento, California, USA Production companies Dreamworks Pictures Jinks/Cohen Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $130,096,601 Opening weekend US & Canada $861,531 Sep 19, 1999 Gross worldwide $356,296,601 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Dolby Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Paul Thomas Anderson Hypes Shang-Chi and Venom 2 Nov 11Den of Geek Can Will Smith avenge his Oscar loss to Denzel Washington or will he join this dubious list? Oct 29Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of American Beauty (1999) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.