American Assassin (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1961175/?ref_=ttls_li_i
American Assassin (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In American Assassin 20172017 RR 1h 51m IMDb RATING 6.2/10 77K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,847 329 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:23 31 Videos 99+ Photos ActionThriller After the death of his girlfriend at the hands of terrorists, Mitch Rapp is drawn into the world of counterterrorism, mentored by tough-as-nails former U.S. Navy S.E.A.L. Stan Hurley.After the death of his girlfriend at the hands of terrorists, Mitch Rapp is drawn into the world of counterterrorism, mentored by tough-as-nails former U.S. Navy S.E.A.L. Stan Hurley.After the death of his girlfriend at the hands of terrorists, Mitch Rapp is drawn into the world of counterterrorism, mentored by tough-as-nails former U.S. Navy S.E.A.L. Stan Hurley. IMDb RATING 6.2/10 77K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,847 329 Director Michael Cuesta Writers Stephen Schiff(screenplay by) Michael Finch(screenplay by) Edward Zwick(screenplay by) Stars Dylan O'Brien Michael Keaton Sanaa Lathan Top credits Director Michael Cuesta Writers Stephen Schiff(screenplay by) Michael Finch(screenplay by) Edward Zwick(screenplay by) Stars Dylan O'Brien Michael Keaton Sanaa Lathan See production, box office & company info 487User reviews 226Critic reviews 45Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos31 Trailer 2:23 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:28 Trailer #1 Clip 0:49 What We Do Here Clip 1:14 No One Is Coming Back Clip 1:04 Never Make It Personal Featurette 2:42 Means To An End Featurette 2:42 Means To An End Interview 1:28 Dylan O'Brien Goes All Out for 'American Assassin' Interview 6:26 Keaton O Brien Interview 6:25 Keaton O Brien Interview 3:27 Taylor Kitsch Interview 4:06 Dylan O Brien Photos120 Top cast Edit Dylan O'Brien Mitch Rappas Mitch Rapp Michael Keaton Stan Hurleyas Stan Hurley Sanaa Lathan Irene Kennedyas Irene Kennedy Taylor Kitsch Ghostas Ghost Charlotte Vega Katrinaas Katrina Christopher Bomford Bartenderas Bartender Chris Webster Mansur Recruit Videoas Mansur Recruit Video Shahid Ahmed Adnan Al-Mansuras Adnan Al-Mansur Buster Reeves Martial Arts Instructoras Martial Arts Instructor Nick Cavaliere Building Superintendentas Building Superintendent Simon Connolly NSA Techieas NSA Techie Yousef 'Joe' Sweid Khaledas Khaled (as Yousef Sweid) Joost Janssen American Operator (Mansur Compound)as American Operator (Mansur Compound) Adam Collins American Operator #2 (Mansur Compound)as American Operator #2 (Mansur Compound) Trevor White Dr. Frainas Dr. Frain Jf Davis CIA Officer Giving Nuke Intelas CIA Officer Giving Nuke Intel (as JF Davis) David Suchet Director Stansfieldas Director Stansfield Michael Wildman Orion Instructoras Orion Instructor Director Michael Cuesta Writers Stephen Schiff(screenplay by) Michael Finch(screenplay by) Edward Zwick(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.3 Maze Runner: The Death Cure 6.3 Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials 6.8 The Maze Runner 7.0 Love and Monsters 6.8 The First Time 7.1 Deepwater Horizon 7.4 American Assassin 6.2 Mile 22 6.5 Peppermint 6.4 Angel Has Fallen 6.6 12 Strong 6.1 6 Underground Storyline Edit Twenty three-year-old Mitch lost his parents to a tragic car accident at the age of fourteen, and his girlfriend to a terrorist attack just as they were engaged. Seeking revenge, he is enlisted by CIA Deputy Director Irene Kennedy as a black ops recruit. Kennedy then assigns Cold War veteran Stan Hurley to train Mitch. Together they will later on investigate a wave of apparently random attacks on military and civilian targets. The discovery of a pattern in the violence leads them to a joint mission with a lethal Turkish agent to stop a mysterious operative intent on starting a world war in the Middle East. —Anonymous terrorismrevengebeachfighttraining430 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Assassins aren't born. They're made. Genres Action Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence throughout, some torture, language and brief nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The lead role was offered to Chris Hemsworth, but he passed on the role due to scheduling issues. Then, it was rumored that the producers invited Gustavo Goulart to perform the lead role (Mitch Rapp), but this rumor was never confirmed. Goofs After entering the bathroom, Annika starts filling the tub. When Mitch throws her in the tub, a minute has passed, at most, and the bath is completely filled with water. Quotes Stan Hurley: Patriotism exists because people like you and people like me need a higher cause. Something bigger than us. Crazy credits The names of Dylan O'Brien and Michael Keaton appears in the "Diagonal Billing" method, which was first used for Paul Newman and Steve McQueen in The Towering Inferno (1974) Alternate versions In India, mandatory cuts were required for an 'A' rating; which removed a couple of uses of the term 'bastard' along with a brief shot of a naked woman. Connections Featured in Projector: American Assassin (2017) Soundtracks Mistakes (Chris Seefried Alt Mix) Written by Andra Day (as Cassandra Monique Batie), Adrian Gurvitz (as Adrian Israel Gurvitz) and Raphael Saadiq Performed by Andra Day Courtesy of Warner Bros. Records Inc. By arrangement with Warner Music Group Film & TV Licensing User reviews487 Review Top review 7/10 "American Assassin" is a clichéd but entertaining entry into the spy thriller subgenre. For people all around the world, the September 11th terrorist attacks on the U.S. were very personal. Whether you knew someone who was lost that day, you're an ordinary American whose country was attacked, or you're just a compassionate human being who abhors religious extremism and violence against innocents, you probably remember on that day feeling some combination of anger, fear and sorrow – which you may still feel today. The callous boldness, extreme barbarism and sheer scale of those attacks made anti-terrorism efforts a top priority in law enforcement, homeland security and international relations for the U.S. and for freedom-loving countries and people across the globe. Many individuals got personally involved in the struggle by joining the military or some other part of the government which fights terrorism – and many more started doing what they could within the confines of their lives, while wishing they could do more. I'm sure plenty of us wished that we were pulling that trigger when Osama Bin Laden finally wound up on the business end of an American rifle – or that we could be a skilled and heroic special operator taking down terrorist cells. It's that kind of desire which we see play out in the 2017 action thriller "American Assassin" (R, 1:51) – a desire that's burning very deeply in the heart of the main character for whom defeating terrorists has become very personal. Mitch Rapp (Dylan O'Brien) lost both his parents in a car accident when he was 14, but finally finds happiness in his 20s with his girlfriend, Katrina (Charlotte Vega), to whom he proposes on a beach in Spain. Moments later, as Mitch is at the bar buying a couple celebratory drinks, Katrina is shot and killed in a terrorist attack. Fast- forward a year and a half. Mitch appears listless, but actually he's bitter – and motivated – and he's been very busy. A few short scenes show us that he has learned to fight and shoot, to speak Arabic and quote from the Koran and to act like a Muslim. Mitch has become a self-appointed one-man counter-terrorism task force, pretending that he's interested in being a suicide bomber so he can infiltrate the terrorist cell run by the man responsible for his fiancé's death and exact his revenge. Mitch's quest for vengeance doesn't end up quite as he envisioned, but he comes to the attention of CIA counter-terrorism official Irene Kennedy (Sanaa Lathan) who says that they "like his agenda". She proposes that Mitch and the CIA help each other. He is reluctant to surrender any of his terrorist-fighting autonomy, but Irene convinces him to get with the program. She takes him to her late father's Seal Team 6 buddy, Stan Hurley (Oscar nominee Michael Keaton), who runs a small, secret counter-terrorism training camp in the woods of northern Virginia. Hurley is tough, skilled and smart. Mitch is all of those things too, but he's also extremely stubborn and impulsive, a rogue among rogues. Yet, Mitch and Stan have to learn to work together and depend on each other to accomplish a critical new mission. The CIA learns that a former special operator simply called Ghost (Taylor Kitsch), with whom Stan has a problematic history, is shopping around a stolen plutonium core to some pretty bad dudes from Iran. (Apparently, that 2015 American-Iranian nuclear deal is making it tough for the Iranians to get a nuclear weapon but they still very much want one.) Mitch and Stan travel to Rome, along with another one of Stan's trainees (Scott Atkins) where they all link up with a sexy Turkish agent (Shiva Negar) in an attempt to keep the plutonium out of the hands of Iranian agents who are assembling materials and people to make a nuclear device, which they have specific and imminent plans to use. "American Assassin" is a clichéd but entertaining entry into the spy thriller subgenre. Michael Keaton's character is accused by another character of being a relic of the Cold War, which sounds about right, because so are the movie's plot points and twists. Still, director Michael Cuesta (director and producer of numerous TV series, including "Homeland" and "Dexter") and screenwriters Stephen Schiff (TV's "The Americans"), Michael Finch ("Hitman: Agent 47") and writing partners Edward Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz (who co-wrote "Jack Reacher: Never Go Back", "The Last Samurai" and several other movies and shows) breathe new life into those tried and true spy movie tropes by giving this story a modern spin to which most Movie Fans can relate, at least on some level. Keaton is appropriately bad- ass, O'Brien is charismatic and exciting to watch, Negar is as deadly as she is beautiful and Kitsch makes a great villain. Also, Lathan does a fine job as the "M" to O'Brien's young James Bond character type. Good things all. Not just for the sake of this movie, but for the sake of the forthcoming franchise which this movie heralds. Based on the 11th novel (but first chronologically) in late author Vince Flynn's Mitch Rapp series, "American Assassin" gets the film series off to an unspectacular, but solid start. "B+" helpful•31 25 dave-mcclain Sep 15, 2017 Details Edit Release date September 15, 2017 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Languages English Spanish Arabic Polish Turkish Russian Italian Persian Also known as Sát Thủ Kiểu Mỹ Filming locations Rome, Lazio, Italy Production companies CBS Films Lionsgate TIK Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $33,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $36,249,674 Opening weekend US & Canada $14,846,778 Sep 17, 2017 Gross worldwide $67,234,188 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 51 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New On Amazon Prime Video For November 2021: Daily Listings For Streaming TV, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.