Amores perros (2000) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0245712/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_237
Amores perros (2000) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Amores perros 20002000 RR 2h 34m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 233K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,567 339 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:51 2 Videos 99+ Photos DramaThriller A horrific car accident connects three stories, each involving characters dealing with loss, regret, and life's harsh realities, all in the name of love.A horrific car accident connects three stories, each involving characters dealing with loss, regret, and life's harsh realities, all in the name of love.A horrific car accident connects three stories, each involving characters dealing with loss, regret, and life's harsh realities, all in the name of love. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 233K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,567 339 Director Alejandro G. Iñárritu Writer Guillermo Arriaga Stars Emilio Echevarría Gael García Bernal Goya Toledo Top credits Director Alejandro G. Iñárritu Writer Guillermo Arriaga Stars Emilio Echevarría Gael García Bernal Goya Toledo See production, box office & company info 418User reviews 170Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #237 Nominated for 1 Oscar 55 wins & 25 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 1:51 Tráiler [OV] Trailer 2:04 Amores Perros Photos108 Top cast Edit Emilio Echevarría El Chivoas El Chivo Gael García Bernal Octavioas Octavio Goya Toledo Valeriaas Valeria Álvaro Guerrero Danielas Daniel Vanessa Bauche Susanaas Susana Jorge Salinas Luisas Luis Marco Pérez Ramiroas Ramiro Rodrigo Murray Gustavoas Gustavo Humberto Busto Jorgeas Jorge Gerardo Campbell Mauricioas Mauricio Rosa María Bianchi Tía Luisa (Aunt Luisa)as Tía Luisa (Aunt Luisa) Dunia Saldívar Mama Susana (Susana's Mother)as Mama Susana (Susana's Mother) Adriana Barraza Mama Octavio (Octavio's Mother)as Mama Octavio (Octavio's Mother) José Sefami Leonardoas Leonardo Lourdes Echevarría Maruas Maru Laura Almela Julietaas Julieta Ricardo Dalmacci Andrés Salgadoas Andrés Salgado Gustavo Sánchez Parra Jarochoas Jarocho Director Alejandro G. Iñárritu Writer Guillermo Arriaga All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.4 Babel 7.6 21 Grams 7.5 Biutiful 8.2 Eskiya 8.1 Relatos salvajes 8.2 El secreto de sus ojos Amores Perros 8.1 Trois couleurs: Rouge 7.6 Y tu mamá también 8.1 La haine 8.1 Trainspotting 8.1 Hotel Rwanda Storyline Edit On the brink of the new Millennium in the bustling City of Mexico, one horrible car accident intertwines inextricably the lives of three perfect strangers. Octavio, a rebellious adolescent who is secretly in love with his sister-in-law, dreams of escaping his miserable life, and for this reason, he enters reluctantly the obscure world of dog fighting with his lethal dog Cofi. And then unexpectedly, Valeria, a stunning woman and famous supermodel, will cross paths with Octavio, while in the meantime, her pampered little dog Richie manages to vanish into thin air in the confined space of her apartment. Lastly, Chivo, an ex-guerrilla vagabond, after abandoning his little daughter, unable to make up for lost time, he channels his love to the city's strays and a mortally wounded Rottweiler. In the end, even though all the weary characters, men and beasts, wish for a bright future, in this life-changing journey in the pursuit of love, sometimes infidelity, sin and death can get in the way. —Nick Riganas multiple perspectivesmultiple storylinedogmexico cityinterlinked stories121 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Love. Betrayal. Death. Genres Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence/gore, language and sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia For the scenes where the dogs appeared to be dead or dying, the animals were actually heavily sedated under the careful eye of the Mexican SPCA. Multiple dogs that looked like one dog seen on screen were also used, so that the same dog was not under sedation for more than half an hour and not more than once a day at a time. Goofs Prior to the crash, the car they are driving is a 1983 or 1984 Mercury Grand Marquis, which was sold in México under the Ford brand name. The car that actually crashes is a 1981 Ford Crown Victoria. Quotes El Chivo: At the time, I thought there were more important things than being with you and your mom. I wanted to set the world right, and then share it with you. I failed, as you can see. Crazy credits To Luciano: Because we also are what we have lost. Special Thanks to: "Abba, Pater" Alternate versions The following are from the deleted scenes on the DVD: An alternate ending where the camera is outside the house where El Chivo was holding the two business partners hostage and two gunshots are heard. A comedic and tender scene between Daniel and Valeria which would have come shortly after Valeria returned from the hospital. Valeria wakes up Daniel in the middle of the night to help her get to the bathroom. A conversation between Daniel and Valeria in their apartment where Valeria reveals to the audience that she had an abortion. A brief scene where Octavio bursts into Susanna's mother's apartment searching for her. Connections Featured in The 58th Annual Golden Globe Awards 2001 (2001) Soundtracks Amores Perros Written by Control Machete Performed by Control Machete User reviews418 Review Top review 9/10 Do dogs have personal characters? Or they just try to be loyal to their owners? What if they reflect our personalities by means of their loyalty? Thanks to contributors, plot synopsis has been very well written. Amores Perros is included in the most important movies for the beginning of the 21st century. It marked a new epoch with its thoroughly life-like vision on a twist of fate. Then in a 5 years' of time within more recognized movies, we started seeing similar plot schemes telling different stories over accidents that binds each person's fate. One of them was Crash, and it won the best picture Oscar in 2005. The more you see this film over and over again you'll get to a deeper point where the lives and choices of the characters won't matter any more. It's still affecting in the first-time watch, but with an examining view the next time you see it; you're driven into a vision, a cast of mind.There were 3 main characters and 3 main stories from each one, which are nested altogether. If we look at these stories over the characters' relationships with their dogs, it's intriguing. As if the dogs exemplify their owners: 1' Young loafer Octavio commits crime in order to earn money to make a living. He fights his dog Cofi in dog-fighting tournaments. How Cofi needs to fight for his life, so does need Octavio to commit crime for his life. 2' In the second story, beautiful model Valeria receives a surprise gift from her fiancé to choose a puppy from a pet store. By time, the puppy gets used to live a super-luxury pet life; which is the same life style of her owner. Valeria and her fiancé's apartment unit is under a hardwood flooring construction. One day while alone at home the puppy falls into a gap between the hardwood and the concrete; thus stays stuck there and began to squawk, since she is not used to live without comfort. At the same day her owner Valeria gets involved in a car accident while driving alone, having no one to help her just as happened to her puppy. She loses her leg in this accident and her luxury life comes to an end, as same as the life of her puppy. She begins complaining like her puppy squawking. 3' In the last story, the grim hit-man El Chivo saves the life of Octavio's dog Cofi, after Octavio gets killed in the traffic accident in which Valeria lost her leg. Saving him changes Cofi's life, he no longer needs to fight for Octavio's bets on dog-fighting. His life becomes safe and peaceful. El Chivo starts looking after Cofi beside his other dogs. Among the other dogs Cofi looks very ugly and dirty. One day when El Chivo leaves the dogs together at home, Cofi kills every one of them. His reason of killing all the dogs explains why his owner is a hit-man. As Cofi killed innocent dogs; El Chivo kills innocent people for El Chivo seeing himself ugly,dirty and strange among the people; like his dog feeling himself ugly,dirty and strange among the dogs. El Chivo feels bad about his dogs, when he finds out Cofi has killed them. Yet, he feels worse about himself when he actually realizes that Cofi's attitude gave him a lesson of life. Then El Chivo shaves, cuts his beard and hair, gets cleaned up and turns out looking like a gentleman. Cofi's attitude changes his life; his life becomes safe and peaceful just as when El Chivo saved Cofi's life. The vision we're getting when we compare these 3 stories is about the public loneliness of an individual. The only person, who can guide and who can help us, is ourselves. This loneliness brings our freedom of choices. With making our own choices, we build the essence of our character: Our quintessences. Life is sum of all our choices. In order to build our quintessences; we always face the risk, fear and pressure of the chance of making a wrong choice. Life makes it obligatory to make choices. This obligatory builds our inner crisis and develops our personality. To find the secrets of our own personality, we try to find someone or something else to lay a burden on the responsibility of self-search. Here in Amores Perros, the 3 main characters are used by their self-search reflection on their dogs. Doesn't this vision form the idea of Jean Paul Sartre's "Being and Nothingness"? Since Amores Perros hides the character views through the situations created by dogs; it is a movie that has no characters, but only situations. This is the systematic of Existentialism. If there was no situation or happening, there wouldn't have been any characters. Existence precedes essence. A person is nothing without his actions. So, a person doesn't have a soul(or a character) if he is not alive. Then there wasn't and won't be anything before and after our lives. If we don't believe in this vision, certainly the signs of fate that we come across in our lives must be delusion. helpful•59 27 CihanVercan Oct 11, 2009 FAQ2 Is "Amores perros" based on a book? What does the title "Amores Perros" mean? Details Edit Release date June 16, 2000 (Mexico) Country of origin Mexico Language Spanish Also known as 爱情是狗娘 Filming locations Colonia Condesa, Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico Production companies Altavista Films Zeta Film See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $5,408,467 Opening weekend US & Canada $61,047 Apr 1, 2001 Gross worldwide $20,908,467 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 34 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Gael Garcia Bernal to Star in Marvel Halloween Special at Disney Plus Nov 4Variety Film + TV ‘My Tender Matador’ Co-Producer Zapik Films Boards Bolivian Political Thriller ‘Family’ (Exclusive) Nov 2Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Amores perros (2000) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.