Anna Karenina (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1781769/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_34
Anna Karenina (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Anna Karenina 20122012 RR 2h 9m IMDb RATING 6.6/10 97K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,966 218 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:38 14 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance In late-19th-century Russian high society, St. Petersburg aristocrat Anna Karenina enters into a life-changing affair with the dashing Count Alexei Vronsky.In late-19th-century Russian high society, St. Petersburg aristocrat Anna Karenina enters into a life-changing affair with the dashing Count Alexei Vronsky.In late-19th-century Russian high society, St. Petersburg aristocrat Anna Karenina enters into a life-changing affair with the dashing Count Alexei Vronsky. IMDb RATING 6.6/10 97K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,966 218 Director Joe Wright Writers Tom Stoppard(screenplay) Lev Tolstoy(novel) Stars Keira Knightley Jude Law Aaron Taylor-Johnson Top credits Director Joe Wright Writers Tom Stoppard(screenplay) Lev Tolstoy(novel) Stars Keira Knightley Jude Law Aaron Taylor-Johnson See production, box office & company info 292User reviews 342Critic reviews 63Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 33 wins & 53 nominations total Videos14 Trailer 2:38 No. 1 Trailer 2:28 Anna Karenina Clip 0:55 "This Is My Happiness" Clip 0:51 "I'm Talking About Love" Clip 0:55 "You Must Forget Me" Clip 1:11 "Oblonsky's Dinner" Clip 0:57 "I Am His Mistress" Featurette 4:14 "Creating the World of Anna Karenina" Featurette 3:50 "The Costumes" Featurette 4:06 "Epic Love" Featurette 2:28 Behind the Scenes Interview 3:26 Keira Knightley: The IMDb Original Interview Photos168 Top cast Edit Keira Knightley Anna Kareninaas Anna Karenina Jude Law Kareninas Karenin Aaron Taylor-Johnson Vronskyas Vronsky Matthew Macfadyen Oblonskyas Oblonsky Eric MacLennan Matveyas Matvey Kelly Macdonald Dollyas Dolly Theo Morrissey Grisha Oblonskyas Grisha Oblonsky Cecily Morrissey Lili Oblonskyas Lili Oblonsky Freya Galpin Masha Oblonskyas Masha Oblonsky Octavia Morrissey Tanya Oblonskyas Tanya Oblonsky Beatrice Morrissey Vasya Oblonskyas Vasya Oblonsky Marine Battier Mlle. Rolandas Mlle. Roland Guro Nagelhus Schia Annushkaas Annushka Aruhan Galieva Aruhanas Aruhan Carl Grose Korneyas Korney Bryan Hands Mikhail Slyudinas Mikhail Slyudin Oskar McNamara Serhozaas Serhoza Luke Newberry Vasily Lukichas Vasily Lukich Director Joe Wright Writers Tom Stoppard(screenplay) Lev Tolstoy(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Through the Lens of 'Darkest Hour' Director Joe Wright Through the Lens of 'Darkest Hour' Director Joe Wright See how director Joe Wright uses his signature tracking shots to set up a visual narrative for his films, including Atonement, The Soloist, and Hanna.Watch the video 1:33 More like this 7.8 Pride & Prejudice 7.8 Atonement 6.9 The Duchess 6.7 The Other Boleyn Girl 7.3 Jane Eyre 7.0 Becoming Jane 6.3 Anna Karenina 6.5 Marie Antoinette 7.1 Anna Karenina 7.7 Sense and Sensibility 6.7 Anna Karenina 7.3 The Young Victoria Storyline Edit In 1874, in the Imperial Russia, the aristocratic Anna Karenina travels from Saint Petersburg to Moscow to save the marriage of her brother Prince Oblonsky, who had had a love affair with his housemaid. Anna Karenina has a cold marriage with her husband, Count Alexei Karenin, and they have a son. Anna meets the cavalry officer Count Vronsky at the train station and they feel attracted by each other. Soon she learns that Vronsky will propose to Kitty, who is the younger sister of her sister-in-law Dolly. Anna satisfactorily resolves the infidelity case of her brother and Kitty invites her to stay for the ball. However, Anna Karenina and Vronsky dance in the ball, calling the attention of the conservative society. Soon they have a love affair that will lead Anna Karenina to a tragic fate. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil danceimperial russiacharacter name as titleanna karenina charactersaint petersburg russia59 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You can't ask Why about love Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some sexuality and violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia One of Alicia Vikander's favorite experiences from the production was the filming that took place in the countryside outside of St. Petersburg, Russia. The temperatures dropped below -40 °C, and she stayed in a cabin for five days that didn't have hot water and only featured benches instead of beds. Meanwhile, Russian security guards protected her and co-star 'Domhnall Gleeson' from wild wolves and bears that dominated the deserted area. Goofs Throughout the film every time Anna's son's name is spoken, it is uniformly mispronounced in four syllables using some wrong phonemes, whereas in Russian his name has three syllables. Quotes Count Vronsky: I love you! Anna Karenina: Why? Count Vronsky: You can't ask Why about love! Connections Featured in Projector: Anna Karenina (2012) Soundtracks Song for a New Life (Masha's Song) (uncredited) Written by Anoushka Shankar Performed by Tannishtha Chatterjee User reviews292 Review Top review 4/10 Elegant and Boring Misfire The ingredients for this fourth adaptation of Tolstoy's classic look promising on paper: Joe Wright and Keira Knightley reunite after their success with PRIDE AND PREJUDICE (2005), with a screenplay written by Tom Stoppard. The conception behind the film is a suggestive one: the entire action is located in a giant theater, with the protagonists conceived as performers putting on roles for the audience's benefit. This should have provided a framework for an analysis of Anna's (Knightley's) motivations, as she abandons her husband (Jude Law) in favor of her lover (Aaron Taylor-Johnston), even though by doing so she condemns herself to a lifetime of social ostracism. It's perhaps more important for her to follow her inclinations rather than conform to pre-determined social roles. Unfortunately the finished product turns out a disappointment: director Wright seems to have little idea how to develop the screenplay, other than to indulge in a series of consciously 'artificial' shots - for example, zooming into the characters' faces, or using a deliberately jagged narrative style - that render the action difficult to follow. In the central role Knightley seems miscast; she lacks both poise and grace - essential to portraying a Russian aristocrat - and she tends to gabble her lines. Taylor-Johnston's Vronsky is easily the worst I have seen in any of the four versions of the tale - surpassing Kieron Moore in Korda's woebegone 1948 adaptation. Not only does he lack any sense of nobility, but he does not seem to know what to do with the part: we are left wondering precisely why Anna should have wanted to fall in love with him. Jude Law's Karenin is perhaps the only reason for watching this film; a quiet, yet menacing personality who seldom loses his cool, yet remaining determined to control his wife (and hence maintain a facade of social respectability) at any costs. Trapped within this kind of marriage, we can understand precisely why Anna should want to take her own life. The film's group sequences are competently handled, although the choreography could have been improved. What this ANNA KARENINA shows is that even attaching the biggest names in theater to a project cannot guarantee its overall quality. helpful•8 2 l_rawjalaurence Apr 18, 2014 Details Edit Release date October 16, 2012 (China) Country of origin United Kingdom Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as Chuyện Tình Anna Filming locations Ham House, Richmond, Surrey, England, UK Production companies Universal Pictures Focus Features Working Title Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,600,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $12,816,367 Opening weekend US & Canada $320,690 Nov 18, 2012 Gross worldwide $68,929,150 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix Datasat Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news MipCancun 2021: A Content Feeding Frenzy, Buzz Titles, Mexico & Big Production Plays Nov 17Variety Film + TV Camerimage Chief Calls for ‘Renaissance’ After ‘Plague’ as In-Person Film Festival Opens Nov 14Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Anna Karenina (2012) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.