Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5095030/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_t_8
Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Ant-Man and the Wasp 20182018 PG-13PG-13 1h 58m IMDb RATING 7.0/10 352K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 945 426 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:46 46 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureComedy As Scott Lang balances being both a superhero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets... Read allAs Scott Lang balances being both a superhero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets from their past.As Scott Lang balances being both a superhero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets from their past. IMDb RATING 7.0/10 352K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 945 426 Director Peyton Reed Writers Chris McKenna Erik Sommers Paul Rudd Stars Paul Rudd Evangeline Lilly Michael Peña Top credits Director Peyton Reed Writers Chris McKenna Erik Sommers Paul Rudd Stars Paul Rudd Evangeline Lilly Michael Peña See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 452Critic reviews 70Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 21 nominations Videos46 Trailer 0:46 "Fun" TV Spot Trailer 2:17 Official Trailer Trailer 1:42 Teaser Trailer Clip 1:54 All About David Dastmalchian Clip 3:45 Movie Scavenger Hunt: Can You Find These MCU Easter Eggs? Clip 3:02 'Avengers: Endgame' White Suits Are Probably NOT for Outer Space Clip 2:54 MotherFlerken 'Captain Marvel' Credits Scenes Spoilers! Clip 2:49 IMDbrief: Meet the Top Stars & Breakout Stars of 2018 Clip 10:47 How Thanos Got Six Infinity Stones in 10 Minutes Interview 0:38 BUILD: Marvel Experts Discuss How Ant-Man and the Wasp Fit in MCU Interview 5:30 Peyton Reed Interview 4:23 Stephen Broussard Photos376 Top cast Edit Paul Rudd Scott Langas Scott Lang… Evangeline Lilly Hope Van Dyneas Hope Van Dyne… Michael Peña Luisas Luis Walton Goggins Sonny Burchas Sonny Burch Bobby Cannavale Paxtonas Paxton Judy Greer Maggieas Maggie T.I. Daveas Dave (as Tip 'T.I.' Harris) David Dastmalchian Kurtas Kurt Hannah John-Kamen Avaas Ava… Abby Ryder Fortson Cassieas Cassie Randall Park Jimmy Wooas Jimmy Woo Michelle Pfeiffer Janet Van Dyneas Janet Van Dyne… Laurence Fishburne Dr. Bill Fosteras Dr. Bill Foster Michael Douglas Dr. Hank Pymas Dr. Hank Pym Divian Ladwa Uzmanas Uzman Goran Kostic Anitolovas Anitolov Rob Archer Knoxas Knox Sean Kleier Agent Stoltzas Agent Stoltz (as Sean Thompson Kleier) Director Peyton Reed Writers Chris McKenna Erik Sommers Paul Rudd All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' See how Avengers: Infinity War's opening weekend stacks up at the box office against other movies in the MCU. Plus, check out how IMDb users have ranked the 19 MCU films to date.See the MCU box-office results More like this 7.3 Ant-Man 7.3 Black Panther 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 7.5 Doctor Strange 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.9 Thor: Ragnarok 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 8.0 The Avengers 7.0 Iron Man 2 6.9 Captain America: The First Avenger 7.0 Thor Storyline Edit In the aftermath of Captain America: Civil War (2016), Scott Lang grapples with the consequences of his choices as both a superhero and a father. As he struggles to rebalance his home life with his responsibilities as Ant-Man, he's confronted by Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym with an urgent new mission. Scott must once again put on the suit and learn to fight alongside The Wasp as the team works together to uncover secrets from their past. —Walt Disney Studios action heroinetruth serumbased on comic bookaction herohouse arrest391 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Real heroes. Not actual size. Genres Action Adventure Comedy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some sci - fi action violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Langston Fishburne, Laurence Fishburne's son, played the younger version of his character, Dr. Bill Foster. Goofs (at around 14 mins) When Hope is driving Scott to the lab, their SUV is confronted by pigeons and one of the pigeons pecks a dent in the hood. When the SUV is brought back to full size, the dent is gone. Quotes Scott Lang: [shrunk down to a child's size; runs into Pym's car after going undercover in a school] Dr. Hank Pym: Hiya, champ, how was school today? Scott Lang: Aw, ha ha ha! Alright, get your jokes out now, can you fix the suit? Hope van Dyne: So cranky. Dr. Hank Pym: You want a juice box and some string cheese? Scott Lang: Do you really have that? Crazy credits SPOILER: There is a scene in the closing credits: while Scott is in the Quantum Realm, the Pym family gets erased (due to Thanos's efforts in Avengers: Infinity War (2018)), leaving him trapped. This leads into Avengers: Endgame (2019). Following this, there is a statement at the end of the closing credits: "Ant-Man and the Wasp will return?". Connections Featured in The Chronic Rift: Let's Take it From the Top (2018) Soundtracks Come On Get Happy Written by Wes Farrell and Danny Janssen Performed by David Cassidy Courtesy of Sony Pictures Television Inc. Under license from Sony Pictures Music Group User reviews1K Review Top review 7/10 Ant-Man and the Wasp: On par sequel I love what Marvel have done in the creation of their "Universe" it's an overwhelming triumph and despite my fears they managed to slot Antman in there perfectly back in 2015. A heavily comedic character is was heavy on charm, humour and elevated by a fantastic charm. Truth be told I found myself really hyped for the second movie, more than any other (Except GotG). With every cast member both big and small returning a fantastic villian and the one and only Laurence Fishburne, the stars were aligning for another fantastic addition to the universe. And it is................kind of. Regarding the previous films I've enjoyed them all with the exception of two. I didn't see the appeal in Dr Strange and thought that Black Panther was one of the most overrated movies in the history of the industry. Antman 2 delivers, it does just not to the extent I hoped. Rudd, Lilly and Douglas are excellent once again and the story is fantastic though I think much of the impact of some of the story is highly lacking. Our new villian delivered more than I'd ever expected, Pfeiffer was a great addition and Pena managed to annoy me less than usual! The first movie got a solid 7/10 from me and this sequel is recieving the same. What that means is I consider it a good film, it's just not exactly groundbreaking stuff. I feel the movie played it a tad safe and didn't meet its potential. Regardless it's funny, it's action packed and it's likeable and therefore it's another Marvel success in my book. The Good: Incredible cast Genuine laughs Fits into the universe well The Bad: I still don't like Pena Some of the impact was lost Bit generic Things I Learnt From This Movie: Lilly is a very clever actress who picks her roles well Someone still needs to explain to me how they do that age regression thing sfx Walton Goggins has friends in high places The size shifting has all kinds of bedroom possibilities Truth serum IS a thing helpful•46 23 Platypuschow Nov 9, 2018 Details Edit Release date August 24, 2018 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Marvel (United States) Official Site Languages English Spanish Also known as Ant-Man 2 Filming locations San Francisco, California, USA Production companies Marvel Studios Canadian Film or Video Production Tax Credit (CPTC) The Province of Ontario See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $162,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $216,648,740 Opening weekend US & Canada $75,812,205 Jul 8, 2018 Gross worldwide $622,674,139 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Sound mix 12-Track Digital Sound Dolby Surround 7.1 IMAX 6-Track Dolby Atmos Auro 11.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Box Office: Marvel’s ‘Eternals’ Endures as Box Office Leader Above ‘Clifford’ Nov 13Variety Film + TV Disney Plus to Launch 13 Marvel Movies in Imax Expanded Aspect Ratio Nov 8Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.