Ant-Man (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0478970/
Ant-Man (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Ant-Man 20152015 PG-13PG-13 1h 57m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 614K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 529 421 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:30 36 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureComedy Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, cat burglar Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, pull o... Read allArmed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, cat burglar Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, pull off a plan that will save the world.Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, cat burglar Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, pull off a plan that will save the world. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 614K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 529 421 Director Peyton Reed Writers Edgar Wright(screenplay by) Joe Cornish(screenplay by) Adam McKay(screenplay by) Stars Paul Rudd Michael Douglas Corey Stoll Top credits Director Peyton Reed Writers Edgar Wright(screenplay by) Joe Cornish(screenplay by) Adam McKay(screenplay by) Stars Paul Rudd Michael Douglas Corey Stoll See production, box office & company info 789User reviews 592Critic reviews 64Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 34 nominations total Videos36 Trailer 1:30 Final International Trailer Trailer 1:01 In Theaters: July 17 Trailer 2:30 Trailer #2 Trailer 1:56 First Trailer Clip 3:54 How Marvel's Been Paving the Way for Shang-Chi Clip 10:47 How Thanos Got Six Infinity Stones in 10 Minutes Clip 2:07 The Heist Clip 0:58 Ant On The Run Clip 0:47 We Just Robbed You Clip 2:05 Exclusive Clip: Ant-Man Escapes! Clip 2:07 "The Heist" Clip 0:39 The Suit Has Power Photos391 Top cast Edit Paul Rudd Scott Langas Scott Lang… Michael Douglas Dr. Hank Pymas Dr. Hank Pym Corey Stoll Darren Crossas Darren Cross… Evangeline Lilly Hope Van Dyneas Hope Van Dyne Bobby Cannavale Paxtonas Paxton Anthony Mackie Sam Wilsonas Sam Wilson… Judy Greer Maggie Langas Maggie Lang Abby Ryder Fortson Cassie Langas Cassie Lang Michael Peña Luisas Luis David Dastmalchian Kurtas Kurt T.I. Daveas Dave (as Tip 'T.I.' Harris) Wood Harris Galeas Gale Hayley Atwell Peggy Carteras Peggy Carter John Slattery Howard Starkas Howard Stark Martin Donovan Mitchell Carsonas Mitchell Carson Garrett Morris Cab Driveras Cab Driver Gregg Turkington Daleas Dale Rod Hallett Hydra Buyeras Hydra Buyer Director Peyton Reed Writers Edgar Wright(screenplay by) (story by) Joe Cornish(screenplay by) (story by) Adam McKay(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' See how Avengers: Infinity War's opening weekend stacks up at the box office against other movies in the MCU. Plus, check out how IMDb users have ranked the 19 MCU films to date.See the MCU box-office results More like this 7.0 Ant-Man and the Wasp 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 7.5 Doctor Strange 7.1 Iron Man Three 6.9 Captain America: The First Avenger 7.0 Thor 7.9 Iron Man 7.0 Iron Man 2 8.0 The Avengers Storyline Edit Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, con-man Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world. —@PtotheSmizzo miniaturized manshrinkingheistantsabotage472 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Heroes don't get any bigger. Genres Action Adventure Comedy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sci-fi action violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The Falcon's role in the plot came about after Adam McKay and Paul Rudd went to see "Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)" and fell in love with the character. They casually suggested working him into the plot, and Kevin Feige informed them that it would actually make perfect sense since Falcon was now living at the New Avengers compound as of Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015). Goofs Ant-Man is repeatedly told that his mass does not change upon miniaturization. This means, however, that no ant or group thereof--crawling or flying--could support him. But the story also includes the ability to manipulate weight independently of mass and size. Quotes Scott Lang: [Surrounded by police] Wait I didn't steal anything! I was returning something I stole! Crazy credits SPOILER: There is a scene at the end of the closing credits: Steve Rogers and Sam Wilson have Bucky Barnes in their custody, and debate on what to do. This leads into Captain America: Civil War (2016). Connections Edited into Captain America: Civil War (2016) Soundtracks Borombon Written by Javier Vázquez Performed by Camilo Azuquita Courtesy of Soundway Record User reviews789 Review Top review 8/10 2 legs bad; 6 legs better OK, so I will probably target the wrath of a legion of fan-boys but as a PhD Physicist I will categorically state that much of the science in the Marvel universe is total nonsense. For example, it requires a certain suspension of belief that whole cities can be levitated. But it's called "Science Fiction" for a reason, right? "Ant Man" pushes that suspension of belief to whole new levels. The concept that a miniaturised man, were such a thing even possible, could exert the same moment and force as a full sized person would make Newton spin in his grave. With these nagging doubts I watched the trailer increasingly comfortable in my view that, (even with a free cinema pass), this was a film I would avoid like the plague. That was until the final scene, featuring Thomas the Tank engine, that was ludicrously and surprisingly comical. Could it be that, like last year's "Guardians of the Galaxy", Marvel had pulled its pompous head out of its ass and come up with an 'Avengers-lite' that could entertain a broader audience? I decided to risk it. And I was glad I did. Paul Rudd ("Friends", "Anchorman") plays ex-con Scott Lang who is recruited by brilliant scientist and would-be superhero Dr Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) and his gorgeous daughter Hope ("Lost" and "The Hobbit"'s Evangeline Lilly) to steal a jacket. (No, really). The owner of said jacket, albeit a high-tech jacket, is businessman and all-round bad-guy Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), with evil intent. (You can tell he's evil by what he does to a cute little lamb - this is the worst viewing for sheep since "Far from the Madding Crowd".) By miniaturising Lang and securing the help of an army of ants, the stage is set for a heist of a most unusual kind. This sounds ridiculous to even write. So why does it work? First up, the script by Edgar Wright ( of "3 Flavours Cornetto" fame), Adam McKay ("The Other Guys"), Joe Cornish and Paul Rudd himself is as tight as a drum, with some situations and lines that are downright hilarious. A couple of brilliant lip sync scenes, one featuring the requisite Stan Lee cameo, are grin-inducing pleasures. Supporting the screenplay, the three leading players pull off their roles with enormous panache. Rudd is hugely likable, with all of the smart-whip humour of Downey Jnr.'s "Iron Man" but with none of the appalling arrogance. Michael Douglas, in his one outing this year, seems to be revelling in his role and (presumably with the help of some clever makeup and/or CGI) looking very dapper in the 1987 version of his character. And Evangeline Lilly enters the Avenger's world with a bang and looks very comfortable there. In an effective supporting role, Michael Peña ("American Hustle") adds a comic lightness of touch as fellow robber Luis. Abby Ryder Fortson also deserves special mention (and an Oscar for cuteness) as Lang's young daughter. Whilst real fan-boys might object to the flippant nature of the film, there are a number of clever cross-overs into the 'mainstream' "Avengers" films, with one B-list Avenger guest star and (eventually) an A-list appearance. And (as is common in these films, and notable as 80% of the audience stayed in their seats for the full credits) there is both a mid-credits scene (that's a set-up for the sequel) and a final post-credit scene that (so I'd told) is hugely significant for next year's "Captain America: Civil War" (in which Rudd is set to reprise his "Ant Man" role). The director is Peyton Reed, whose limited movie portfolio to date includes Jim Carrey's "Yes Man" and "Bring it On". As I found myself thoroughly enjoying the experience, my rating, against all the odds, is twice what I expected it to be. I can't believe I'm saying this but I recommend you go see this for a fun movie summer experience. helpful•87 43 bob-the-movie-man Jul 21, 2015 FAQ9 What Make/Model is the van that picked up Scott Lang from the prison? Is 'Ant-Man' based on a book? Is this in the same universe as the rest of the Marvel Studios movies? Details Edit Release date October 16, 2015 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Marvel (United States) Official Facebook Language English Also known as Ant Man Filming locations Pinewood Atlanta Studios - 461 Sandy Creek Road, Fayetteville, Georgia, USA Production companies Gary Sanchez Productions Marvel Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $130,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $180,202,163 Opening weekend US & Canada $57,225,526 Jul 19, 2015 Gross worldwide $519,311,965 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 57 minutes Color Color Sound mix Datasat Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Kevin Feige On Why Hawkeye's Holiday Setting And Street-Level Stakes Are Refreshing Nov 16Slash Film ‘Saturday Night Live’ Ratings Inch Up With Host Jonathan Majors & Musical Guest Taylor Swift; Social Interactions Hit Season High Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.