Apocalypse Now (1979) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078788/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_53
Apocalypse Now (1979) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Apocalypse Now 19791979 RR 2h 27m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 635K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 113 60 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:31 9 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysteryWar A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god.A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god.A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 635K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 113 60 Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers John Milius Francis Ford Coppola Michael Herr(narration) Stars Martin Sheen Marlon Brando Robert Duvall Top credits Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers John Milius Francis Ford Coppola Michael Herr(narration) Stars Martin Sheen Marlon Brando Robert Duvall See production, box office & company info 1.3KUser reviews 317Critic reviews 94Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #53 Won 2 Oscars 21 wins & 33 nominations total Videos9 Trailer 1:31 Apocalypse Now: Blu-ray Three-Disc Full Disclosure Edition Clip 1:01 Jeffrey Wright on Why 'Apocalypse Now' Changed His Life Clip 1:38 'Apocalypse Now' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 1:58 Chris Pratt and Elizabeth Banks Give Movies Lego Remakes Promo 1:30 Apocalypse Now Video 0:56 See What the Original Karate Kid Is Watching Video 2:00 Jeffrey Wright's Top 3 Films on Veterans and Their Military Experience Video 28:09 Sneak Previews Season 2 Episode 9 Photos351 Top cast Edit Martin Sheen Captain Benjamin L. Willardas Captain Benjamin L. Willard Marlon Brando Colonel Walter E. Kurtzas Colonel Walter E. Kurtz Robert Duvall Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgoreas Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore Frederic Forrest Jay 'Chef' Hicksas Jay 'Chef' Hicks Sam Bottoms Lance B. Johnsonas Lance B. Johnson Laurence Fishburne Tyrone 'Clean' Milleras Tyrone 'Clean' Miller (as Larry Fishburne) Albert Hall Chief Phillipsas Chief Phillips Harrison Ford Colonel Lucasas Colonel Lucas Dennis Hopper Photojournalistas Photojournalist G.D. Spradlin General R. Cormanas General R. Corman Jerry Ziesmer Jerry, Civilianas Jerry, Civilian Scott Glenn Lieutenant Richard M. Colbyas Lieutenant Richard M. Colby Bo Byers MP Sergeant #1as MP Sergeant #1 James Keane Kilgore's Gunneras Kilgore's Gunner Kerry Rossall Mike from San Diegoas Mike from San Diego Ron McQueen Injured Soldieras Injured Soldier Tom Mason Supply Sergeantas Supply Sergeant Cynthia Wood Playmate of the Yearas Playmate of the Year Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers John Milius Francis Ford Coppola Michael Herr(narration) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.1 Platoon 8.2 Taxi Driver 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.4 Alien 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.5 American History X 8.4 The Shining Storyline Edit It is the height of the war in Vietnam, and U.S. Army Captain Willard is sent by Colonel Lucas and a General to carry out a mission that, officially, 'does not exist - nor will it ever exist'. The mission: To seek out a mysterious Green Beret Colonel, Walter Kurtz, whose army has crossed the border into Cambodia and is conducting hit-and-run missions against the Viet Cong and NVA. The army believes Kurtz has gone completely insane and Willard's job is to eliminate him. Willard, sent up the Nung River on a U.S. Navy patrol boat, discovers that his target is one of the most decorated officers in the U.S. Army. His crew meets up with surfer-type Lt-Colonel Kilgore, head of a U.S Army helicopter cavalry group which eliminates a Viet Cong outpost to provide an entry point into the Nung River. After some hair-raising encounters, in which some of his crew are killed, Willard, Lance and Chef reach Colonel Kurtz's outpost, beyond the Do Lung Bridge. Now, after becoming prisoners of Kurtz, will Willard & the others be able to fulfill their mission? —Derek O'Cain vietnamvietnam warjungleinsanitysecret mission206 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Horror. . . The Horror. . . Genres Drama Mystery War Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Laurence Fishburne was 14 when production began in 1976. He lied about his age. Goofs When Captain Willard first meets Colonel Kilgore, they exchange salutes while they are still in a combat zone. It is usually military protocol not to salute in a combat zone. Saluting would show a possible sniper who the commanding officer is. (e.g. in Forrest Gump (1994) Lt. Dan correctly instructed Gump and Bubba not to salute him in the field.) Quotes Kurtz: We train young men to drop fire on people, but their commanders won't allow them to write "fuck" on their airplanes because it's obscene! Crazy credits There are no opening credits in the film. The title can be seen as graffiti in the Kurtz compound late in the film. Alternate versions The theatrical and Redux DVDs released by Paramount Pictures and Lions Gate Studios in the United States, as well as the earlier letterbox VHS and LaserDisc releases, were re-framed in DP Vittorio Storaro's preferred 2.00:1 "Univision" format. The Lions Gate US Blu-ray release, however, restores the film's original 2.39:1 aspect ratio (although the packaging reads 2.35:1). Connections Edited into Apocalypse Pooh (1987) Soundtracks The End by Jim Morrison (as The Doors), Ray Manzarek (as The Doors), Robby Krieger (as The Doors), John Densmore (as The Doors) Performed by The Doors Courtesy of Elektra/Asylum Records User reviews1.3K Review Top review the horror, the horror... So just how insane is 'Apocalypse Now'? Well, let's say that it is the kind of film that makes you want to bang your head against the wall. The beginning has no credits or titles; nothing. The whole film seems like it's taking place on a different world, and as the story moves on, sanity itself is shed. There was a French plantation scene that got cut out, and an alternate ending that would have had a massive battle scene outside Kurtz's compound. 'Apocalypse Now' is not a realistic film in the sense that the presentation of the Vietnam War is far from correct: helicopters going in BEFORE the napalm strikes, a USO show in the jungle at night, and the final bridge all lit-up like a Christmas tree. (for more realistic 'Nam War movies, try 'The Deer Hunter' or 'Platoon') But what 'Apocalypse Now' lacks in historical accuracy, it makes up in artistic and dramatic scripting. Some of the best photography and lighting ever can be found here. The film also raises some severe philosophical issues, and gives us entirely new ones. When the movie begins, the war is raging around us. It is chaotic and nerve-racking, yet still rational. When we finally get to Kurtz's base, the action has died down, but rational thinking has long since been vanquished to the point of total lunacy. This shows us the truth about men of war in times of war and peace. The voyage down the river has a sense of time travel (a sense that would have been much more apparent had the French Plantation scene remained.) And when you get to the end, keep in mind the old phrase: The King is dead... Long live the king. Is Kurtz insane? Or are we not yet ready to understand him? These questions and more are up to you as 'Apocalypse Now has no easy answers. helpful•208 106 The Claw Apr 20, 1999 FAQ19 Where did the mail letters and packages come from after they crossed into Cambodia? Why is "Heart of Darkness" not credited as the source material? Why does Willard dispose of Kurtz's dossier before arriving at the compound? Details Edit Release date August 15, 1979 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites American Zoetrope Official Site: Final Cut Languages English French Vietnamese Also known as 现代启示录 Filming locations Baler Bay, Baler, Aurora, Philippines Production companies American Zoetrope Zoetrope Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $31,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $83,471,511 Opening weekend US & Canada $118,558 Aug 19, 1979 Gross worldwide $92,158,064 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 27 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘When There Is Magic Present, Anything Goes,’ Says ‘The Green Knight’ Dp Andrew Droz Palermo Nov 13Variety Film + TV Orphan Black Clones, Ranked On How Well Each Would Survive The Zombie Apocalypse Nov 13ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Apocalypse Now (1979) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.