Avatar (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0499549/?ref_=nws_nwr_hd
Avatar (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Avatar 20092009 PG-13PG-13 2h 42m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 1.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 180 120 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:36 24 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 1.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 180 120 Director James Cameron Writer James Cameron Stars Sam Worthington Zoe Saldana Sigourney Weaver Top credits Director James Cameron Writer James Cameron Stars Sam Worthington Zoe Saldana Sigourney Weaver See production, box office & company info 3.5KUser reviews 479Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 3 Oscars 89 wins & 131 nominations total Videos24 Trailer 3:36 Avatar: Trailer #2 Trailer 19:38 Avatar: Trailer #1 Clip 3:41 What Roles Has Chris Evans Been Considered For? Clip 1:31 'Avatar' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 2:53 What We Know About 'Avatar 2' ... So Far Clip 1:27 A Guide to the Films of James Cameron Clip 0:32 Avatar Clip 1:31 Avatar Clip 1:49 Avatar Clip 1:38 Avatar Clip 1:21 Avatar Clip 1:02 Avatar Photos371 Top cast Edit Sam Worthington Jake Sullyas Jake Sully Zoe Saldana Neytirias Neytiri Sigourney Weaver Dr. Grace Augustineas Dr. Grace Augustine Michelle Rodriguez Trudy Chacónas Trudy Chacón Stephen Lang Colonel Miles Quaritchas Colonel Miles Quaritch Giovanni Ribisi Parker Selfridgeas Parker Selfridge Joel David Moore Norm Spellmanas Norm Spellman CCH Pounder Mo'atas Mo'at (as Carol Christine Hilaria Pounder) Wes Studi Eytukanas Eytukan Laz Alonso Tsu'teyas Tsu'tey Dileep Rao Dr. Max Patelas Dr. Max Patel Matt Gerald Corporal Lyle Wainfleetas Corporal Lyle Wainfleet Sean Anthony Moran Private Fikeas Private Fike Jason Whyte Cryo Vault Med Techas Cryo Vault Med Tech Scott Lawrence Venture Star Crew Chiefas Venture Star Crew Chief Kelly Kilgour Lock Up Trooperas Lock Up Trooper James Patrick Pitt Shuttle Pilotas Shuttle Pilot (as James Pitt) Sean Patrick Murphy Shuttle Co-Pilotas Shuttle Co-Pilot Director James Cameron Writer James Cameron All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 The Martian 7.8 Titanic 8.0 Deadpool 7.2 I Am Legend 8.0 Guardians of the Galaxy 7.9 Life of Pi 8.0 Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl 7.7 Gravity Avatar 2 8.0 The Revenant 7.2 The Hunger Games 7.9 Edge of Tomorrow Storyline Edit When his brother is killed in a robbery, paraplegic Marine Jake Sully decides to take his place in a mission on the distant world of Pandora. There he learns of greedy corporate figurehead Parker Selfridge's intentions of driving off the native humanoid "Na'vi" in order to mine for the precious material scattered throughout their rich woodland. In exchange for the spinal surgery that will fix his legs, Jake gathers knowledge, of the Indigenous Race and their Culture, for the cooperating military unit spearheaded by gung-ho Colonel Quaritch, while simultaneously attempting to infiltrate the Na'vi people with the use of an "avatar" identity. While Jake begins to bond with the native tribe and quickly falls in love with the beautiful alien Neytiri, the restless Colonel moves forward with his ruthless extermination tactics, forcing the soldier to take a stand - and fight back in an epic battle for the fate of Pandora. —The Massie Twins spiritualismparaplegicmarinefutureforest protection385 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Enter the World Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense epic battle sequences and warfare, sensuality, language and some smoking Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia James Cameron originally planned to have the film completed for release in 1999. At the time, the special effects he wanted increased the budget to $400 million. No studio would fund the film, and it was shelved for eight years. Goofs When Jake's late brother, Tom, is uncovered, he's played by Sam Worthington. In the next shot of Tom being covered again it's clearly someone else. Quotes Jake Sully: I see you. Neytiri: I see you. Crazy credits There are no opening credits of any kind (outside of the 20th Century Fox title card). The title of the film doesn't appear on screen until the end of the movie. Alternate versions "Avatar: Special Edition" was released theatrically less than a year after the original release, it contains approximately eight minutes of extra footage, including new creatures and action scenes. Connections Edited into Bones: The Gamer in the Grease (2009) Soundtracks I See You (Theme from Avatar) Performed by Leona Lewis Music by James Horner and Simon Franglen Lyrics by Simon Franglen, Kuk Harrell, and James Horner Produced by Simon Franglen and James Horner Leona Lewis performs courtesy of Syco Music User reviews3.5K Review Top review 8/10 One of the best cinematic experiences ever... Forgive me, I'm going to jump from professional to fan boy for a while here. I haven't had the jitters after a film the way I've had for Avatar in quite sometime. James Cameron's Avatar is the most entertaining and enthralling cinematic experiences of my life. It is incredible, simply put. What Cameron has done here is the most passionate film project put out since Steven Spielberg released Schindler's List. His attention to detail and his zeal for pushing the envelope is so admirable to any filmmaker or actor who will ever do another film from this point on. Avatar is the story of Jake Sully, a paraplegic marine, who replaces his brother on a secret mission to infiltrate the Na' vi, the colony of beings that sit on the planet of Pandora, where there is a precious ore, that sells at a ridiculous amount. When Jake learns the ways of the Na' vi, his feelings and learnings will put him and the people he trusts in dangerous jeopardy. The performances here, in the sense of reacting, becoming, and understanding what Cameron has written are astounding. Not to be confused with a sensational bravura performance from some of the centuries best such as Marion Brando, Tom Hanks, or Diane Keaton; these actors along with the director inhabit these visual transformations with special effects as if they are have lived these beings all their lives. This is all based on character movements and reactions. Sam Worthington, as Jake Sully, is an actor who's on his way to becoming a star. Though he has problems with his Aussie accent often enough in the film, he gets the job done. Zoe Saldana, who plays Neytiri, a Na' vi huntress, is thrilling and electrifying. Stephen Lang, as the rock hard Colonel Miles, takes on a villainous turn to a new level in science fiction. He offers actual emotion and emotes evil to the audience and gains our hatred easily. Sigourney Weaver as the beautiful Dr. Grace, is sufficient enough to have on screen again teamed with Cameron. She lives inside her role with effortless ease, but suffers from some of the typical James Cameron cheesy lines. Narratively the film works perfectly on the cinematic level. The first forty minutes or so require patience and hope as it is the weakest part of the film and offers some dreariness, but when the second act takes off, it's sky high with no limits for James Cameron. Avatar delivers the best action sequences put on film of all time. That is the boldest statement I have ever made in all my years of criticism. I sat on this for two days before charging it out, but I mean it. It is the best visual experience of my life, period. Other than those visuals, the film pops with all the other technical aspects thrown into one. Art Direction is killer as the two worlds blend in perfectly for an acceptable time. The Film Editing is the crowning achievement of the film as it also offers the perfect blend of the two worlds, enticing the viewer and shifting us around. Mauro Fiore is the threat for a Cinematography Oscar this year. It was if the viewer sat down in a chair, put on glasses, and was literally placed on Pandora, spaceships, and floating mountains. The viewer can feel so engulfed by the imagery, you feel like you can smell the leaves from the trees. Avatar is utterly hypnotizing. James Horner's score is some of the best work done in his career. It offers a variable of devastation that moves the viewer to near tears. It goes back to his work on Titanic, where the musical instruments lifted the material immensely. The entire sound team is also locked and loaded for Oscar recognition as the feeling of animals, machines, and arrows buzzing by your head leave you imprisoned in Cameron's exquisite film. James Cameron has come back home ladies and gentlemen Cameron is back, bigger, badder, and mature in his crowning work of his career. Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Titanic do not even compare anymore. This is the film that can blend the fans of those two films together and lock Cameron into your heart. He's a definite spoiler for a directing bid for the Academy Awards. You have admire the raw, natural talent the man has. How could you ever conceive such an experience and put that much effort and work into it and have it pay off? The box office success will surely keep him in the minds of voters for various critics' awards. His screenplay, leaps and bounds better than 1997's Best Picture Winner, is primed, developed and ripe for the taking. Though, you do acquire the tacky and atypical dialogue you expect from a science fiction director of this caliber, you can appreciate the effort and the honesty of it all. James Cameron is everything Michael Bay wishes he was, to put it bluntly. Avatar will bring also great actors putting their best foot forward such as Giovanni Ribisi, who is as underrated as they come. Michelle Rodriguez who exudes sexy like any woman starring in a sci-fi epic. Joel Moore, showing his range outside of his comedic work in Dodgeball: An Underdog Story. And the classy veteran actors, CCH Pounder and Wes Studi, who just simply don't work enough. Avatar is one of the best films of the year. The most exciting, thrilling, and superb work you'll feast your eyes on in any theater this century. Cinema, forever, will remember the benchmark that James Cameron placed not only for himself, but for any man, daring to change the game, the way Cameron did. Avatar is a movie experience to be remembered, and please experience in a movie theater first. ***½/**** helpful•1.5K 1K ClaytonDavis Dec 14, 2009 FAQ15 What is 'Avatar' about? Is "Avatar" based on a book? What does "avatar" mean? Details Edit Release date January 4, 2010 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Hotstar Official Facebook Languages English Spanish Also known as Afanda Filming locations Hamakua Coast, Hawaii, USA Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Dune Entertainment Lightstorm Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $237,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $760,507,625 Opening weekend US & Canada $77,025,481 Dec 20, 2009 Gross worldwide $2,847,246,203 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 42 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS SDDS Related news ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao Nov 16Variety Film + TV Avatar: 10 Best Airbending Fights, Ranked Nov 16ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.