Avengers: Endgame (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4154796/
Avengers: Endgame (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Avengers: Endgame 20192019 PG-13PG-13 3h 1m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 960K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 70 51 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:06 99+ Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' action... Read allAfter the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' actions and restore balance to the universe.After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' actions and restore balance to the universe. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 960K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 70 51 Directors Anthony Russo Joe Russo Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay by) Stephen McFeely(screenplay by) Stan Lee(based on the Marvel comics by) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Chris Evans Mark Ruffalo Top credits Directors Anthony Russo Joe Russo Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay by) Stephen McFeely(screenplay by) Stan Lee(based on the Marvel comics by) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Chris Evans Mark Ruffalo See production, box office & company info 9.3KUser reviews 583Critic reviews 78Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #75 Nominated for 1 Oscar 70 wins & 123 nominations total Videos123 Trailer 1:06 "Policy" Trailer Trailer 1:01 Avengers Endgame Trailer 0:31 "Awesome" TV Spot Trailer 2:30 "To the End" Trailer Trailer 0:16 "No Mistakes, Kids" TV Spot Trailer 1:01 Special Look Trailer 2:27 Official Trailer Trailer 2:26 Official Trailer Clip 4:07 Karen Gillan on Why She's 'Legitimately Scottish' Clip 4:01 Wyatt Russell Defends His New Take on Captain America Clip 3:42 Elizabeth Olsen and Paul Bettany Ask Each Other Anything Clip 4:06 What You Need to Know Before Seeing 'Black Widow' Photos970 Top cast Edit Robert Downey Jr. Tony Starkas Tony Stark… Chris Evans Steve Rogersas Steve Rogers… Mark Ruffalo Bruce Banneras Bruce Banner… Chris Hemsworth Thoras Thor Scarlett Johansson Natasha Romanoffas Natasha Romanoff… Jeremy Renner Clint Bartonas Clint Barton… Don Cheadle James Rhodesas James Rhodes… Paul Rudd Scott Langas Scott Lang… Benedict Cumberbatch Doctor Strangeas Doctor Strange Chadwick Boseman T'Challaas T'Challa… Brie Larson Carol Danversas Carol Danvers… Tom Holland Peter Parkeras Peter Parker… Karen Gillan Nebulaas Nebula Zoe Saldana Gamoraas Gamora Evangeline Lilly Hope Van Dyneas Hope Van Dyne… Tessa Thompson Valkyrieas Valkyrie Rene Russo Friggaas Frigga Elizabeth Olsen Wanda Maximoffas Wanda Maximoff… Directors Anthony Russo Joe Russo Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay by) Stephen McFeely(screenplay by) Stan Lee(based on the Marvel comics by) (Groot created by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' See how Avengers: Infinity War's opening weekend stacks up at the box office against other movies in the MCU. Plus, check out how IMDb users have ranked the 19 MCU films to date.See the MCU box-office results More like this 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 8.0 The Avengers 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.9 Thor: Ragnarok 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 8.4 Joker 7.3 Black Panther 7.5 Doctor Strange 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.0 Ant-Man and the Wasp 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 7.4 Spider-Man: Far from Home Storyline Edit After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos's actions and undo the chaos to the universe, no matter what consequences may be in store, and no matter who they face... time travelsuperherosequelsuper villaincosmic772 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Avenge the fallen. Genres Action Adventure Drama Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of sci-fi violence and action, and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Robert Downey Jr. was the only actor who read the entire script. Goofs After the Battle of New York in 2012, Captain America's uniform was very dirty and noticeably torn in several places (as seen in the first The Avengers (2012) film), but here he is shown to have a pristine uniform after the battle. Quotes Tony Stark: Everybody wants a happy ending. Right? But it doesn't always roll that way. Maybe this time. I'm hoping if you play this back, it's in celebration. I hope families are reunited, I hope we get it back and something like a normal version of the planet has been restored, if there ever was such a thing. God, what a world. Universe, now. If you told me ten years ago that we weren't alone, let alone, you know, to this extent, I mean, I wouldn't have been surprised, but come on. The epic forces of dark and light that have come in to play. And for better or worse, that's the reality Morgan's gonna have to find a way to grow up in. So I thought I better record a little greeting, in the case of an untimely death, on my part. I mean, not that death at any time isn't untimely. This time travel thing we're gonna try and pull off tomorrow, it's got me scratching my head about the survivability of it all. Then again that's the hero gig. Part of the journey is the end. What am I even tripping for? Everything's gonna workout exactly the way it's supposed to. [stands up and walks forward to bend down and look Morgan in the eyes] Tony Stark: I love you 3000. Crazy credits When the Marvel logo appears at the end of the closing credits, the sound of a hammer hitting metal can be heard several times (this is the sound of Tony Stark forging his suit in Iron Man (2008), setting in motion the Marvel Cinematic Universe). Alternate versions In India, all profanity has been muted from the film and the subtitles. Connections Edited from The Avengers (2012) Soundtracks Dear Mr. Fantasy Written by Steve Winwood, Jim Capaldi, and Chris Wood Performed by Traffic Courtesy of Island Records Ltd. Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews9.3K Review Top review Oozes woke One just gets the sense that this movie took a subtle yet noticeable shift away from what captured many people's hearts in the earlier MCU movies. The actors give off the feeling of being forced to portray a role that used to be natural fits in order to impose various woke messages. There are so many but they come at a rate of every couple of minutes, ranging from blatant grrl power, to emasculation and so on. Muddling along. Aside from the odd action scenes, this movie could pass as a drama. helpful•85 54 Lovekrafft Aug 3, 2019 FAQ41 Is "Avengers: Endgame" based on a comic book? Do I need to see all Marvel superhero movies before this to understand this movie? Is there a post-credit scene in Avengers: Endgame? Details Edit Release date April 24, 2019 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Marvel (United States) Official Facebook Languages English Japanese Xhosa German Also known as 复仇者联盟4：终局之战 Filming locations Durham Cathedral, The College, Durham, County Durham, England, UK Production companies Marvel Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $356,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $858,373,000 Opening weekend US & Canada $357,115,007 Apr 28, 2019 Gross worldwide $2,797,501,328 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 1 minute Sound mix Dolby Atmos Auro 11.1 Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Digital Sonics-DDP 12-Track Digital Sound IMAX 6-Track SDDS Related news Anthony Mackie, Aiysha Hart to Lead Saudi-Backed Period Epic ‘Desert Warrior’ From Rupert Wyatt Nov 15The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV The Eternals Fought Clifford The Big Red Dog And Won (At The Box Office) Nov 14Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.