AVP: Alien vs. Predator (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0370263/?ref_=ttls_li_i
AVP: Alien vs. Predator (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In AVP: Alien vs. Predator 20042004 PG-13PG-13 1h 41m IMDb RATING 5.6/10 192K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,733 750 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:35 1 Video 99+ Photos ActionAdventureHorror During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetøya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the ... Read allDuring an archaeological expedition on Bouvetøya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win.During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetøya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win. IMDb RATING 5.6/10 192K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,733 750 Director Paul W.S. Anderson Writers Dan O'Bannon("Alien" characters) Ronald Shusett("Alien" characters) Jim Thomas("Predator" characters) Stars Sanaa Lathan Lance Henriksen Raoul Bova Top credits Director Paul W.S. Anderson Writers Dan O'Bannon("Alien" characters) Ronald Shusett("Alien" characters) Jim Thomas("Predator" characters) Stars Sanaa Lathan Lance Henriksen Raoul Bova See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 152Critic reviews 29Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 4 nominations Videos1 Trailer 0:35 AVP: Alien vs. Predator Photos186 Top cast Edit Sanaa Lathan Alexa Woodsas Alexa Woods Lance Henriksen Charles Bishop Weylandas Charles Bishop Weyland Raoul Bova Sebastian de Rosaas Sebastian de Rosa Ewen Bremner Graeme Milleras Graeme Miller Colin Salmon Maxwell Staffordas Maxwell Stafford Tommy Flanagan Mark Verheidenas Mark Verheiden Joseph Rye Joe Connorsas Joe Connors Agathe de La Boulaye Adele Rousseauas Adele Rousseau Carsten Norgaard Rusten Quinnas Rusten Quinn Sam Troughton Thomas Parksas Thomas Parks Petr Jákl Stoneas Stone Pavel Bezdek Bassas Bass Kieran Bew Klausas Klaus Carsten Voigt Mikkelas Mikkel Jan Filipenský Borisas Boris (as Jan Filipensky) Adrian Bouchet Svenas Sven Andy Lucas Juan Ramirezas Juan Ramirez Liz May Brice Supervisoras Supervisor Director Paul W.S. Anderson Writers Dan O'Bannon("Alien" characters) (screen story) Ronald Shusett("Alien" characters) (screen story) Jim Thomas("Predator" characters) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 4.6 AVPR: Aliens vs Predator - Requiem 6.4 Predators 6.3 Predator 2 6.2 Alien: Resurrection 7.8 Predator 6.5 Alien³ 5.3 The Predator 6.4 Alien: Covenant 7.0 Prometheus 8.3 Aliens 8.4 Alien 6.3 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines Storyline Edit When a private satellite encounters an unidentified source of heat in Antarctica and it is found to be a pyramid buried deep underground , a search team comprising of top-of-the-line archaeologists and engineers is sent to Antarctica to find out more . Once there , the team comes across signs which indicate that the place is inhabited by an unknown alien species . It is not long before the aliens begin to hunt the team members . At the same time , a trio of coming-of-age Predators have arrived to collect the skulls of the aliens as trophies , and the humans are caught between a deadly battle between the two warring species . —Soumitra alienpredatorpyramidsatelliteantarctica131 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Whoever wins... We lose. Genres Action Adventure Horror Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for violence, language, horror images, slime and gore Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In an interview, director Paul W.S. Anderson said that Arnold Schwarzenegger offered to reprise his role as Dutch Schaeffer (from Predator (1987)) at the end of this movie as a cameo, but only if he lost the election for California Governor. Schwarzenegger famously won the election, so he was unavailable to appear. Goofs (at around 38 mins) Sebastian sets the clock on the sarcophagus to October 10, 2004 - 10/10/2004, because the Aztec calendar was supposedly based on 10's (the decimal system, erroneously called "metric" here). Yet, why would an Aztec civilization set a calendar to align with the Gregorian calendar, which is what our modern calendar is and wasn't developed until centuries later by the Romans? The Aztecs would not recognize what we call "October" as the 10th month. Quotes [Lex discovers Weyland with his respirator] Alexa 'Lex' Woods: There's no room for sick men on this expedition. Charles Bishop Weyland: My doctors tell me the worst is behind me. Alexa 'Lex' Woods: You're not a very good liar, Mr. Weyland. Stay on the ship. We'll update you at the top of every hour. Charles Bishop Weyland: You know, when you get sick, you think about your life and how you're going to be remembered. You know what I realized would happen when I go? A ten percent fall in share prices. Maybe twelve. And that's it. Alexa 'Lex' Woods: I've heard this speech before. My dad broke his leg seven hundred feet from the summit of Mount Rainier. He was like you. He wouldn't go back or let us stop. We reached the top and he opened a bottle of champagne. I had my first drink with my dad at 14,400 feet. On the way down, he developed a blood clot in his leg that traveled to his lung. He suffered for four hours before dying twenty minutes from the base. Charles Bishop Weyland: You think that's the last thing your dad remembers? The pain? Or drinking champagne with his daughter fourteen thousand feet in the air? [pause] Charles Bishop Weyland: I need this. Crazy credits The end credits color and style (green computer text on black) are the same as the display of "Mother," the onboard computer in "Alien," right down to the underlining of important text (in this case, the department titles). Alternate versions In November 2005 Fox released an 'Unrated Edition' which runs nearly 8 minutes longer than the theatrical version. It features deleted plot and character scenes. It also has some alternative footage and added CGI blood effects. The story is better told. The violence and gore are stronger than in the PG-13 theatrical version. Connections Featured in HBO First Look: 'Alien vs. Predator': Behind the Scenes (2004) Soundtracks La Bamba Traditional Courtesy of Extreme Production Music USA User reviews1.4K Review Top review Great set-design and action - terrible dialogue Just watched it again yesterday - it's striking how good the action is compared to the ridiculous dialogue. I completely understand why this movie got such terrible reviews; after all, it marked the first "let's make a quick buck" entry in the two beloved Alien and Predator franchises and was done by a director who many felt didn't treat the material with the respect it deserved. When I watched it yesterday I got angry at times because some of the dialogue - well, most of it, actually - is truly awful. It's hard to take characters or a story seriously when nearly every sentence spoken resembles lines from a parody of cheap science-fiction and horror movies from the fifties and sixties. But despite all those flaws I have to admit I enjoyed the movie from start to finish - because of the amazing set- and creature-design and the more than decent action sequences and special effects. Whoever designed those really scored and seems to have a great love for the art of Giger and the previous films. So if you can get past the silly characters and you're able to ignore the more obvious shortcomings (like the idiotic decision to make the film PG-13) you're in for a fun ride. My vote: 6.5 out of 10. Favorite films: http://www.IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/ Lesser-known Masterpieces: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070242495/ Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054808375/ Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls075552387/ helpful•131 16 gogoschka-1 Oct 24, 2013 FAQ36 Why did Scar kill Quinn he was unarmed, isn't that dishonorable? How did Lex shove her hand down into an alien's newly decapitated head and not lose it? Why is it so critical to stop the Aliens? Even if they reach the surface, what are they going to do? Swim hundreds of miles in order to reach civilisation? If they wanted to create tension from a threat of the Aliens escaping into the world at large, they probably shouldn't have set it in the most remote place on Earth. Details Edit Release date August 13, 2004 (Canada) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Czech Republic Canada Germany Official sites Official Facebook Twentieth Century Fox Languages English Italian Also known as AVP Filming locations Mont-Blanc, Chamonix, Haute-Savoie, France Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Davis Entertainment Brandywine Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $60,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $80,282,231 Opening weekend US & Canada $38,291,056 Aug 15, 2004 Gross worldwide $177,427,090 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 41 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Predator Prequel Movie, Set 300 Years Ago in Comanche Nation, to Premiere on Hulu in Summer 2022 Nov 12TVLine.com ‘Predator’ Prequel Gets Title & Sets Summer 2022 Release Nov 12Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was AVP: Alien vs. Predator (2004) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.