Babardeala cu bucluc sau porno balamuc (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt14033502/?ref_=inth_ov_tt
Babardeala cu bucluc sau porno balamuc (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Babardeala cu bucluc sau porno balamuc 20212021 1h 46m IMDb RATING 6.8/10 3.1K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 547 708 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:42 4 Videos 8 Photos ComedyDrama Emi, a school teacher, finds her career and reputation under threat after a personal sex tape is leaked on the Internet. Forced to meet the parents demanding her dismissal, Emi refuses to su... Read allEmi, a school teacher, finds her career and reputation under threat after a personal sex tape is leaked on the Internet. Forced to meet the parents demanding her dismissal, Emi refuses to surrender to their pressure.Emi, a school teacher, finds her career and reputation under threat after a personal sex tape is leaked on the Internet. Forced to meet the parents demanding her dismissal, Emi refuses to surrender to their pressure. IMDb RATING 6.8/10 3.1K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 547 708 Director Radu Jude Writer Radu Jude Stars Katia Pascariu Claudia Ieremia Olimpia Malai Top credits Director Radu Jude Writer Radu Jude Stars Katia Pascariu Claudia Ieremia Olimpia Malai See production, box office & company info 17User reviews 76Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 10 nominations Videos4 Trailer 1:38 Official Trailer Trailer 0:58 Official Trailer Trailer 1:39 Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn Trailer 1:42 Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn Photos8 Top cast Edit Katia Pascariu Emiliaas Emilia… Claudia Ieremia Headmistressas Headmistress Olimpia Malai Mrs. Luciaas Mrs. Lucia Nicodim Ungureanu Lt. Gheorghescuas Lt. Gheorghescu Alexandru Potocean Marius Buzdrugovicias Marius Buzdrugovici Andi Vasluianu Mr. Otopeanuas Mr. Otopeanu Oana Maria Zaharia Blonde nudist parentas Blonde nudist parent Gabriel Spahiu Priest parentas Priest parent Florin Petrescu Axinte as parentas Axinte as parent Stefan Steel Eugenas Eugen… Alex Bogdan Parent with moneyas Parent with money Kristina Cepraga Selfie fanaticas Selfie fanatic Ana Ciontea Grandmotheras Grandmother Ion Dichiseanu Ion Dichiseanuas Ion Dichiseanu Cristina Draghici Paul Dunca Paula Dunkeras Paula Dunker Adrian Enache Adrian Enache as parentas Adrian Enache as parent Luminita Erga Parentas Parent Director Radu Jude Writer Radu Jude All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 Titane 7.5 Gûzen to sôzô 7.0 Memoria 7.5 Red Rocket 6.9 Death of a Virgin and the Sin of Not Living 7.8 Doraibu mai kâ 7.4 Petite maman 5.0 Zeros and Ones 6.4 Annette 7.1 The Humans 7.9 C'mon C'mon 6.2 The Feast Storyline Edit Emi, a school teacher, finds her career and reputation under threat after a personal sex tape is leaked on the Internet. Forced to meet the parents demanding her dismissal, Emi refuses to surrender to their pressure. Radu Jude (Aferim!) delivers an incendiary mix of unconventional form, irreverent humor and scathing commentary on hypocrisy and prejudice in our societies. explicit sexmale explicit nudityunsimulated sexpornographyfemale full frontal nudity41 more Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Comedy Drama Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Hours after the film won the Golden Bear for best film at the first-ever virtual 2021 Berlin International Film Festival, Romanian director Radu Jude took aim at what he called the "bullshit of red carpets" and the false glamour of in-person film festivals. Jude said he was "quite happy" not to have had to attend a fancy awards gala in Berlin on Friday to receive his Golden Bear. "The essence of cinema is to be a serious art, a serious discipline -- I would like it to be treated seriously," said Jude, who sharply criticized the "fancy dresses and costumes" on display at a typical awards ceremony. "My belief in cinema doesn't have anything to do with this kind of clowning around," he added. He used book fairs to support his view by saying "If you go to a book fair, there are no people in fancy dresses. It's people who love books, authors who wrote the books, they meet their audience and that's it." But several people have pointed out that book fairs aren't the same as award ceremonies. Also, a few years ago, the National Book Awards dinner, considered one of the most prestigious in the U.S., decided they would revamp their program to be an Oscar-style red carpet ceremony in order to turn what they called a "once-dowdy event" into a glamorous party to draw more people. Alternate versions To get a public screening in the U.S., the distributor of the film decided to remove 20 minutes of footage from the film. As a result, the film will run for only 86 minutes in U.S. screenings. Connections Referenced in Radio Dolin: Why do need an Oscar, gray-bearded Johnny Depp, shaurma or shaverma (2021) User reviews17 Review Top review Clever, Provocative Whackiness, That Could Have Been an Even Greater Achievement 'Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn' is an unorthodox, provocative, scathing piece of moviemaking that due to its low crowd-pleasing coefficient will likely not be for everyone. Since I have no problem with significant amounts of in-your-face-attitude on the director's side, I quite liked it. Architecturally, the movies borrows from some examples of French Nouvelle Vague Cinema - if I had a better memory, I could tell you exactly which ones - in that the camera frequently and in its center piece completely deviates from the dealings of its protagonists. In this way, a film that starts off with a story about an instance of accidental pornography widens its scope dramatically to become nothing less than a satirical portrait of a pornographic (Romanian, but just Romanian?) society. Using 'pornography' as an abstract (anti-)moral topos reminded me of Samuel Maoz' 'Foxtrot'. While I think that the dramaturgic fundamentals of the movie are well thought through, I also think the movie could have been even better. Especially in the third part, the discussion of the matter at hand meanders quite a bit, can be tedious, and will probably not escape all charges of weisenheimery. Bottom line is, that most viewers will probably switch it off at one point in complacent disgust. If you make it to the end, though, you will not see its explosive, weapons-grade finale coming, which is again well in line with its subversive intentions. helpful•5 7 ontoson May 12, 2021 Details Edit Release date May 13, 2021 (Czech Republic) Countries of origin Romania Luxembourg Czech Republic Croatia Switzerland United Kingdom Official site Official site Languages Romanian English Czech French Russian Also known as Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn Filming locations Bucharest, Romania Production companies microFILM Paul Thiltges Distributions Endorfilm See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €930,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $324,444 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 46 minutes Color Color Sound mix Stereo Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Movie Review – Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn (2021) Nov 16Flickeringmyth Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn | Review Nov 15IONCINEMA.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Mexican Spanish language plot outline for Babardeala cu bucluc sau porno balamuc (2021)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.