Bacheha-Ye aseman (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118849/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_139
Bacheha-Ye aseman (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Bacheha-Ye aseman 19971997 PGPG 1h 29m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 71K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:16 1 Video 33 Photos DramaFamilySport After a boy loses his sister's pair of shoes, he goes on a series of adventures in order to find them. When he can't, he tries a new way to "win" a new pair.After a boy loses his sister's pair of shoes, he goes on a series of adventures in order to find them. When he can't, he tries a new way to "win" a new pair.After a boy loses his sister's pair of shoes, he goes on a series of adventures in order to find them. When he can't, he tries a new way to "win" a new pair. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 71K YOUR RATING Rate Director Majid Majidi Writer Majid Majidi Stars Mohammad Amir Naji Amir Farrokh Hashemian Bahare Seddiqi Top credits Director Majid Majidi Writer Majid Majidi Stars Mohammad Amir Naji Amir Farrokh Hashemian Bahare Seddiqi See production, box office & company info 198User reviews 62Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #139 Nominated for 1 Oscar 13 wins & 5 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 1:16 Children of Heaven Photos33 Top cast Edit Mohammad Amir Naji Ali's Fatheras Ali's Father Amir Farrokh Hashemian Alias Ali Bahare Seddiqi Zahraas Zahra Nafise Jafar-Mohammadi Royaas Roya Fereshte Sarabandi Ali's Motheras Ali's Mother Kamal Mirkarimi Assistantas Assistant (as Kamal Mir Karimi) Behzad Rafi Traineras Trainer (as Behzad Rafiee) Dariush Mokhtari Ali's Teacheras Ali's Teacher Mohammad-Hasan Hosseinian Roya's Fatheras Roya's Father Masume Dair Roya's Motheras Roya's Mother Kambiz Peykarnegar Race Organizeras Race Organizer Hasan Roohparvari Race Photographeras Race Photographer Abbas-Ali Roomandi Shoemakeras Shoemaker Jafar Seyfollahi Green Groceras Green Grocer Qolamreza Maleki Salt Selleras Salt Seller Zahra Mirzai Zahra's Teacheras Zahra's Teacher Sara Zamani Traineras Trainer Mohammad Haj-Hosseini Mosque Servantas Mosque Servant Director Majid Majidi Writer Majid Majidi All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Rang-e khoda 7.9 Avaze gonjeshk-ha 8.4 Taare Zameen Par 8.2 Babam ve Oglum 8.1 Mary and Max. 8.5 Modern Times 8.1 Kolah ghermezi va pesar khale 8.3 The Kid 8.1 Khane-ye doust kodjast? 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.2 Up 8.2 Klaus Storyline Edit Zahra's shoes are gone; her older brother Ali lost them. They are poor, there are no shoes for Zahra until they come up with an idea: they will share one pair of shoes, Ali's. School awaits. Will the plan succeed? —Eileen Berdon <eberdon@aol.com> slow motion sceneracelost shoelate for schoolpoverty116 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A Little Secret...Their Biggest Adventure! Genres Drama Family Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for some mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia First Iranian film to receive nomination for an Academy Award (Best Foreign Language Film of the Year). Goofs When Ali and Zahra are meeting to swap shoes in the rain, we follow Zahra running through the soaking streets. When it cuts to the alley where the swap takes place, the ground is completely dry. After they split, we follow them running through a street which is watered down. Quotes Ali: Zahra, I have good news. Zahra: What news? Ali: I am selected for the race. Zahra: What race? Ali: Long-Distance Running. The third-best runner gets a pair of new sneakers. Zahra: Why the third? Ali: The First and Second prizes are something else. If I come in third, I'll give you the sneakers. Zahra: But those shoes are for boys. Ali: I'll exchange them. I'll get a pair of girl's shoes for you. Zahra: What if you don't come in third? Ali: I'll be third for sure. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Message in a Bottle/My Favorite Martian/Children of Heaven/Blast from the Past/God Said, 'Ha!' (1999) User reviews198 Review Top review a work of art The wonderful Iranian film "Children of Heaven" and its companion piece, "The White Balloon", remind one of those great Czechoslovakian films of the 1960's ("The Shop on Main Street," "Loves of a Blonde," etc.) in that they achieve their artistry by providing keenly observed glimpses into the minutiae of everyday life. They also help to humanize a culture often regarded as alien and even incomprehensible to western eyes. Above all, this magnificent film reminds us that real drama comes not in the form of over-plotted special effects-laden extravaganzas, but from films that examine the universal simplicities of life as we all know it. When it is distilled through the eyes of a poet - this is when art is achieved. "Children of Heaven" has its roots planted firmly in the neorealist tradition. Its simple story echoes not merely the earlier "The White Balloon" but the original Italian classic, "The Bicycle Thief." In this film, young Ali accidentally loses his sister's recently mended shoes; out of this tale of utmost simplicity, the filmmakers take us on a fascinating tour of life in a typical Iranian village and family. As Ali and his sister scheme to overcome this obstacle, the film touches on any number of universal themes: the close ties of siblings united in their common bond of avoiding often irrational parental anger; well meaning, loving parents overwhelmed with the trials of everyday life who are often compelled to act out in ways that seem cruel to the children who adore them; the petty viciousness with which children often strike out at each other, yet, at the same time, the often unexpected kindness and empathy with which they also treat one another. The film manages to keep the audience constantly engrossed in its action without once resorting to even a smidgen of incredibility or melodrama. Beautifully directed, with a superb soundtrack filled with heightened naturalistic noises, it is a film of many-splendored wonders, its lyricism caught in a glimpse of soap bubbles floating around a backyard produced by two children abandoned to their moment of incomprehensible youthful joy, its high drama found in a shoe racing down a city sewer with a desperate young girl in tow. The actors, children and adults alike, underplay their roles in so naturalistic a fashion that one does not even feel they are performing at all; the film, through them, becomes a magical fabric of life that draws the audience deep into its world. "Children of Heaven" brilliantly demonstrates that works of art often arise from the observation of the most seemingly mundane concerns of daily life and reminds us that this provides far more drama than all the exploding spaceships, car chases and hyperkinetic melodrama that flood the screen in the guise of entertainment. It certainly shows just how phony, empty and bereft of life most American films are. Don't miss "Children of Heaven"! It is a richly rewarding experience. helpful•118 4 Buddy-51 Jan 4, 2000 Details Edit Release date 1997 (Iran) Country of origin Iran Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language Persian Also known as 小鞋子 Filming locations Tehran, Iran Production company Kanun parvaresh fekri See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $180,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $933,933 Opening weekend US & Canada $20,100 Jan 24, 1999 Gross worldwide $933,933 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 29 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Aakash Prabhakar’s ‘Freddie’s Piano’ makes it to the Nyiff 2021 May 18GlamSham Film Review: Sun Children (2020) by Majid Maijdi Apr 28AsianMoviePulse Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Bacheha-Ye aseman (1997) officially released in Japan in Japanese?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.