Batman Begins (2005) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0372784/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_137
Batman Begins (2005) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Batman Begins 20052005 PG-13PG-13 2h 20m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 1.4M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 514 29 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:12 14 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventure After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from corruption.After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from corruption.After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from corruption. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 1.4M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 514 29 Director Christopher Nolan Writers Bob Kane(characters) David S. Goyer(story) Christopher Nolan(screenplay) Stars Christian Bale Michael Caine Ken Watanabe Top credits Director Christopher Nolan Writers Bob Kane(characters) David S. Goyer(story) Christopher Nolan(screenplay) Stars Christian Bale Michael Caine Ken Watanabe See production, box office & company info 3KUser reviews 331Critic reviews 70Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #137 Nominated for 1 Oscar 13 wins & 79 nominations total Videos14 Trailer 0:31 Batman Begins Clip 3:36 How 'The Batman' Could Connect to 'Joker' Clip 1:07 Batman Begins Clip 0:55 Batman Begins Clip 0:57 Batman Begins Clip 0:36 Batman Begins Clip 1:13 Batman Begins Full Episode 3:18 What Horror Movies Terrified You as a Kid? Video 3:04 Who Nearly Played Alfred Pennyworth? Video 2:55 Roles That Jake Gyllenhaal Turned Down Video 2:57 Which Roles Did Christian Bale Turn Down? Video 3:14 Venom: Sequel, Reboot or Spin-Off? Photos538 Top cast Edit Christian Bale Bruce Wayneas Bruce Wayne… Michael Caine Alfredas Alfred Ken Watanabe Ra's Al Ghulas Ra's Al Ghul Liam Neeson Ducardas Ducard Katie Holmes Rachel Dawesas Rachel Dawes Gary Oldman Jim Gordonas Jim Gordon Cillian Murphy Dr. Jonathan Craneas Dr. Jonathan Crane… Tom Wilkinson Carmine Falconeas Carmine Falcone Rutger Hauer Earleas Earle Mark Boone Junior Flassas Flass Linus Roache Thomas Wayneas Thomas Wayne Morgan Freeman Lucius Foxas Lucius Fox Larry Holden Finchas Finch Gerard Murphy Judge Fadenas Judge Faden Colin McFarlane Loebas Loeb Sara Stewart Martha Wayneas Martha Wayne Gus Lewis Bruce Wayne - age 8as Bruce Wayne - age 8 Richard Brake Joe Chillas Joe Chill Director Christopher Nolan Writers Bob Kane(characters) David S. Goyer(story) (screenplay) Christopher Nolan(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 The Dark Knight Rises 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.8 Inception 8.5 The Prestige 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.4 Joker 8.1 Logan 8.2 Shutter Island 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.4 Django Unchained Storyline Edit When his parents are killed, billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne relocates to Asia, where he is mentored by Henri Ducard and Ra's Al Ghul in how to fight evil. When learning about the plan to wipe out evil in Gotham City by Ducard, Bruce prevents this plan from getting any further and heads back to his home. Back in his original surroundings, Bruce adopts the image of a bat to strike fear into the criminals and the corrupt as the icon known as "Batman". But it doesn't stay quiet for long. —konstantinwe superherosocial decaydc comicsgothamwell577 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Legend Begins Genres Action Adventure Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense action violence, disturbing images and some thematic elements Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Although Christian Bale performed many of his own stunts, he wasn't allowed anywhere near the Batmobile. Goofs (at around 1h 5 mins) Searchlights like the one Falcone is tied to are incredibly hot. Anyone held against one like that would be horribly burned. Quotes Henri Ducard: But I know the rage that drives you. That impossible anger strangling the grief, until the memory of your loved one is just... poison in your veins. And one day, you catch yourself wishing the person you loved had never existed, so you would be spared your pain. Crazy credits This is the first DC Comics film to have a DC Comics logo on it. This logo was in fact a new one, that was designed the same year the film came out. Connections Edited into Tankman Begins (2005) Soundtracks Folletto!...Folletto! from "Mefistofele" Written by Arrigo Boito Performed by Norman Treigle, The Ambrosian Singers and London Symphony Orchestra (as London Symphony Orchestra) Conducted by Julius Rudel Courtesy of EMI Classics Under License from EMI Film & Television Music User reviews3K Review Top review 10/10 Finally!!! I got a chance to see 'Batman Begins' just this past Friday evening. I must say that before seeing the film, I felt in my heart this is the 'Batman' film we've been waiting for. Within ten minutes into the movie, I turned to my date and said to her, "This is it! This is the movie!" I just can't believe that after all these years, Warner Bros. finally got it right. For me the most intriguing part of the film, apart from the great script, and great acting, was Christopher Nolan's decision to base the film in reality. Deciding that Batman could really exist in our universe and our world was a stroke of genius. Another aspect of the film that's so refreshing is that instead of the focus being on the villain, Batman is the film's star. And rightly so. It's amazing what can happen when a studio leaves a respected director, and the creative team alone, and allow them to make the best movie possible. The only two negatives that I can think of is Katie Holmes and the fight sequences. Holmes does indeed look like a teenager playing grown-up. Her performance isn't bad per SE, it's just that you really don't buy her as an Assistant D.A. As for the fight sequences, I felt the cameras angles were too tight on the action, edited too quickly, and lit too dark so that you really couldn't tell what was going on and determine who was hitting who. Maybe we can attribute this to the fact that Nolan is not an action director. Hopefully the next film will open up the fight sequences so we can actually see Batman use the martial arts skills he developed during his exile. But apart from those relatively minor quibbles, the film is excellent, and I'm definitely going back on opening day June 15th, and seeing it a second time. A third and fourth viewing is definitely not out of the question. helpful•920 231 streetsmarts101 Jun 6, 2005 FAQ24 Who created the character of Batman? Bob Kane is listed in old (pre-2015) media including the comic books as creating Batman on his own but new media (made after 2015) shows him as co-creating the character with someone called Bill Finger, so what's all that about? Which characters were adapted from the Batman comic books? What is "Batman Begins" about? Details Edit Release date June 29, 2005 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English Mandarin Also known as 蝙蝠侠：侠影之谜 Filming locations Skaftafell, Iceland Production companies Warner Bros. Syncopy DC Comics See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $150,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $206,852,432 Opening weekend US & Canada $48,745,440 Jun 19, 2005 Gross worldwide $373,661,946 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 20 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘American Rust’ Breakout Julia Mayorga Starring Opposite Katie Holmes in ‘Rare Objects’ (Exclusive) Nov 9Variety Film + TV Emilia Clarke, Chiwetel Ejiofor to Star in Sci-Fi Romance ‘The Pod Generation,’ MK2 Films Boards Sales – AFM (Exclusive) Oct 25Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.