Before Sunset (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381681/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_242
Before Sunset (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Before Sunset 20042004 RR 1h 20m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 250K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,479 613 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:14 1 Video 99+ Photos DramaRomance Nine years after Jesse and Celine first met, they encounter each other again on the French leg of Jesse's book tour.Nine years after Jesse and Celine first met, they encounter each other again on the French leg of Jesse's book tour.Nine years after Jesse and Celine first met, they encounter each other again on the French leg of Jesse's book tour. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 250K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,479 613 Director Richard Linklater Writers Richard Linklater(screenplay) Julie Delpy(screenplay) Ethan Hawke(screenplay) Stars Ethan Hawke Julie Delpy Vernon Dobtcheff Top credits Director Richard Linklater Writers Richard Linklater(screenplay) Julie Delpy(screenplay) Ethan Hawke(screenplay) Stars Ethan Hawke Julie Delpy Vernon Dobtcheff See production, box office & company info 579User reviews 235Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #242 Nominated for 1 Oscar 9 wins & 32 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 2:14 Before Sunset Photos100 Top cast Edit Ethan Hawke Jesseas Jesse Julie Delpy Celineas Celine Vernon Dobtcheff Bookstore Manageras Bookstore Manager Louise Lemoine Torrès Journalist #1as Journalist #1 Rodolphe Pauly Journalist #2as Journalist #2 Mariane Plasteig Waitressas Waitress Diabolo Philippeas Philippe Denis Evrard Boat Attendantas Boat Attendant Albert Delpy Man at Grillas Man at Grill Marie Pillet Woman in Courtyardas Woman in Courtyard Director Richard Linklater Writers Richard Linklater(screenplay) (story) (characters) Julie Delpy(screenplay) Ethan Hawke(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Before Sunrise 7.9 Before Midnight 6.9 Before Sunrise 7.9 Boyhood 8.1 Trois couleurs: Rouge 8.1 Dead Poets Society 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.1 Into the Wild 8.3 Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain 8.1 Hotel Rwanda 6.8 2 Days in Paris 8.3 American Beauty Storyline Edit Early thirty-something American Jesse Wallace is in a Paris bookstore, the last stop on a tour to promote his best selling book, This Time. Although he is vague to reporters about the source material for the book, it is about his chance encounter nine years earlier on June 15-16, 1994 with a Parisienne named Celine, and the memorable and romantic day and evening they spent together in Vienna. At the end of their encounter at the Vienna train station, which is also how the book ends, they, not providing contact information to the other, vowed to meet each other again in exactly six months at that very spot. As the media scrum at the bookstore nears its conclusion, Jesse spots Celine in the crowd, she who only found out about the book when she earlier saw his photograph promoting this public appearance. Much like their previous encounter, Jesse and Celine, who is now an environmental activist, decide to spend time together until he is supposed to catch his flight back to New York, this time only being about an hour. Beyond the issue of the six month meeting, what has happened in their lives in the intervening nine years, and their current lives, they once again talk about their philosophies of life and love, this time with the knowledge of their day together and how it shaped what has happened to them. —Huggo conversationsbrief encounterenduring relationshipambiguous endingsequel196 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines What if you had a second chance with the one that got away? Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language and sexual references Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the movie, Jesse (Ethan Hawke) confesses to Celine (Julie Delpy) that he wrote a book about their meeting 9 years before, partially in the hope that she would read it and re-establish contact with him. Like Before Sunrise (1995), this is based on events in director Richard Linklater's own life. He had once spent a night walking and talking around Philadelphia with a woman called Amy in 1989. Though they initially stayed in touch over the telephone, they lost contact eventually. In 1994, Linklater shot Before Sunrise (1995), based on his night with Amy. Like Jesse in "Before Sunset", Linklater was secretly hoping that Amy had heard of the movie, and would show up at the premiere, but she did not. When "Before Sunset" was released, she did not show up either. It wasn't until 2010, before Linklater started production on the second sequel, Before Midnight (2013), that a friend of Amy, who knew about their story, contacted Linklater to tell him that Amy had died in a motorcycle accident on May 9, 1994, at the age of 24, a few weeks before he started shooting Before Sunrise (1995). Goofs While walking in a park, an extra passes Jesse and Celine. When the camera angle moves to their front, he passes about 10 seconds later. Quotes Celine: You can never replace anyone because everyone is made up of such beautiful specific details. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Spider-Man 2/Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy/White Chicks/De-Lovely/Before Sunset (2004) Soundtracks An Ocean Apart Performed by Julie Delpy Composed by Julie Delpy Published by Crépuscule France User reviews579 Review Top review 8/10 Life as few know it I'm a movie lover. That first thing said, i have to recognize that i'm really hard on movies, and i usually discard many of them for being under-prepared, for so many errors and things like that. But with "Before Sunset" i felt different. We all know movies are just fakes: what happens, what we see is not the real life. It's just a construction. It's just somebody imagination becoming a visual media. But when i was watching this movie, i didn't felt that. I was seeing real people, with real problems and having thoughts, and fears and hopes. It's the most real acting i ever saw. All about it is just perfect: the ambiance, the set, the city, even the apartment we can see at the near end. Every piece of the movie was connected, and you can tell a whole story about the characters just for hear them, or seeing the way they talk, the things they said, the music they chooses or the things they have. In that way of thinking, i found this movie inspirational, a well-made piece of life, and incredibly deep and wide film. I think this is a portrait of life as only a few can know, of all the shadows and lights we all share. So, i really recommend it, even if you didn't saw the first one. helpful•14 2 yoescribo88 Jul 1, 2007 Details Edit Release date July 30, 2004 (United States) Countries of origin United States France Official sites Official Facebook Warner Bros. (United States) Languages English French Also known as 爱在日落黄昏时 Filming locations Seine River, Paris, France Production companies Warner Independent Pictures (WIP) Castle Rock Entertainment Detour Filmproduction See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,700,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $5,820,649 Opening weekend US & Canada $219,425 Jul 4, 2004 Gross worldwide $15,936,507 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 20 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Ira Glasser Oct 19Trailers from Hell Julie Delpy Could Wait For A ‘On The Verge’ Season 2 Greenlight But Has Written 3 Films In The Meantime To Direct Oct 4The Playlist Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Before Sunset (2004) officially released in Japan in Japanese?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.