Ben-Hur (1959) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052618/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_213
Ben-Hur (1959) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Ben-Hur 19591959 (Banned)(Banned) 3h 32m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 230K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,352 87 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:00 5 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureDramaHistory After a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend in 1st-century Jerusalem, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.After a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend in 1st-century Jerusalem, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.After a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend in 1st-century Jerusalem, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 230K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,352 87 Director William Wyler Writers Lew Wallace(A Tale of Christ) Karl Tunberg(screen play by) Gore Vidal(contributing writer) Stars Charlton Heston Jack Hawkins Stephen Boyd Top credits Director William Wyler Writers Lew Wallace(A Tale of Christ) Karl Tunberg(screen play by) Gore Vidal(contributing writer) Stars Charlton Heston Jack Hawkins Stephen Boyd See production, box office & company info 476User reviews 136Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #213 Won 11 Oscars 29 wins & 16 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 3:00 Ben-Hur: 50th Anniversary Ultimate Collectors Edition [Blu-Ray] Trailer 1:53 Ben-Hur: 50th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition [Blu-Ray] Trailer 4:03 Ben-Hur Clip 4:38 Streaming Passport: The Roman Empire Clip 1:19 Ben-Hur | Anniversary Mashup Photos305 Top cast Edit Charlton Heston Judah Ben-Huras Judah Ben-Hur Jack Hawkins Quintus Arriusas Quintus Arrius Stephen Boyd Messalaas Messala Haya Harareet Estheras Esther Hugh Griffith Sheik Ilderimas Sheik Ilderim Martha Scott Miriamas Miriam Cathy O'Donnell Tirzahas Tirzah Sam Jaffe Simonidesas Simonides Finlay Currie Balthasaras Balthasar… Frank Thring Pontius Pilateas Pontius Pilate Terence Longdon Drususas Drusus George Relph Tiberius Caesaras Tiberius Caesar André Morell Sextusas Sextus Fortunato Arena Soldieras Soldier (uncredited) Bruno Ariè Roman Officeras Roman Officer (uncredited) Les Ballets Africains Dancers at Roman Banquetas Dancers at Roman Banquet (uncredited) Emma Baron Jewish Womanas Jewish Woman (uncredited) Ady Berber Malluchas Malluch (uncredited) Director William Wyler Writers Lew Wallace(A Tale of Christ) Karl Tunberg(screen play by) Gore Vidal(contributing writer) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai 8.1 Gone with the Wind 8.3 Lawrence of Arabia 8.2 The Great Escape 7.9 The Ten Commandments 5.7 Ben-Hur 8.1 Rocky 8.3 The Sting 7.9 Spartacus 8.1 Platoon 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 8.1 Dead Poets Society Storyline Edit Judah Ben-Hur lives as a rich Jewish prince and merchant in Jerusalem at the beginning of the 1st century. Together with the new governor his old friend Messala arrives as commanding officer of the Roman legions. At first they are happy to meet after a long time but their different politic views separate them. During the welcome parade a roof tile falls down from Judah's house and injures the governor. Although Messala knows they are not guilty, he sends Judah to the galleys and throws his mother and sister into prison. But Judah swears to come back and take revenge. —Matthias Scheler <tron@lyssa.owl.de> talking to a horseroman empirewhipperson on firebaldness209 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A Tale of the Christ Genres Adventure Drama History Certificate (Banned) Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The sum wagered by Messala against the sheik of 4-to-1 odds on 1,000 talents would be the modern-day equivalent of approximately $660 million. Goofs During the chariot race just before Ben-Hur's chariot jumps the wrecked chariot, stunt driver Joe Canutt can be seen dropping the reins and grabbing hold of the side of the his chariot (his father, stunt coordinator-2nd unit director Yakima Canutt, had instructed him to grip the underside of the chariot's railing. Joe ignored him, or forgot, and grasped the railing from the top, and was vaulted over the top of the chariot, which could have been fatal had his quick reflexes and strength not allowed him to haul himself back over the vehicle's yoke before he fell between the horses and chariot). Quotes Quintus Arrius: Your eyes are full of hate, forty-one. That's good. Hate keeps a man alive. It gives him strength. Crazy credits The Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer lion is shown in a still-frame to appear looking peaceful at the beginning rather than roaring. Alternate versions The first DVD release had an "Intermission" title card printed in a different font from the one used in the theatrical film and on the second, 4-disc DVD release. Connections Edited into Spisok korabley (2008) Soundtracks Overture Composed and Conducted by Miklós Rózsa User reviews476 Review Top review Stunning Film That Was Worthy of 11 Oscars "Ben-Hur" is a dominant Best Picture Oscar winner that is perhaps more impressive now than it was when it was first released in 1959. Charlton Heston (Oscar-winning) stars as a rich Jewish nobleman during the time of Jesus Christ who is turned into a slave by the Romans after a freak accident. Now he is manning an oar in a ship's galley and his family is imprisoned. Years pass and now Heston is after the former childhood friend (Stephen Boyd), a Roman, that turned against him. The 17 minutes of footage for the chariot race is some of the best during the history of the cinema. Hugh Griffith won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar and William Wyler won his third and final Best Director Oscar. A monumental film that is great in every cinematic category known to man. 5 stars out of 5. helpful•126 92 tfrizzell Mar 15, 2001 FAQ2 What are some differences between the different versions of the story? Why does Sheik Ilderim believe Judah does not like the meal he was served? Why does Balthasar seem to want him to burp? Details Edit Release date November 18, 1959 (Canada) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 宾虚 Filming locations Corner of Via di Salone and Via delle Case Rosse, Salone Caves, Rome, Lazio, Italy Production company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $74,422,622 Opening weekend US & Canada $241,792 Apr 14, 2019 Gross worldwide $74,427,638 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 32 minutes Color Color Related news Oscars Predictions: Best Production Design – ‘Dune’ Showcases Large Sets While ‘Macbeth’ Brings Shakespeare Oct 21Variety Film + TV Oscars Predictions: Best Animated Feature – Can ‘Belle’ Give Gkids a Chance For Its First Statue? Oct 21Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Ben-Hur (1959)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.