Bergman Island (2021) - Bergman Island (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6910282/reviews?ref_=tt_ov_rt
Bergman Island (2021) - Bergman Island (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Bergman Island (2021) User Reviews Review this title 20 Reviews Hide Spoilers Sort by: Helpfulness Review Date Total Votes Prolific Reviewer Review Rating Filter by Rating: Show All 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 6 Stars 7 Stars 8 Stars 9 Stars 10 Stars 7/10 Tim Roth yusufpiskin30 October 2021 It's a movie that includes the great Bergman praises and critiques, as well as a terrific Bergman safari. A great cinematic experience that increases the pleasure of watching with its screenplay that makes the movie out of Bergman's prisoner with two very beautiful stories. This is the first movie of the director/screenwriter that I watched. He also managed to arouse curiosity about himself. 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Art it is ks-6050031 October 2021 Storyline and cinematography is what I feel a piece of art of this movie. Uncertainty about the relationship and what they have along with another story that is created by the script writer personal encounter. Deep deep deep. Love the beautiful scene but it's not most important. 0 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink Allusions, Illusions and Delusions on Faro Island gortx29 October 2021 Master Director Ingmar Bergman famously lived for the last decades of his life on the island of Fårö off Sweden and made it the setting for many of his films as well as varied relationships with wives and women. Writer-Director Mia Hansen-Love (EDEN, THINGS TO COME) sets her newest film on the isle and it becomes a character in and of itself. A filmmaking couple, Chris (Vicky Krieps; so fascinating in PHANTOM THREAD) and Tony (Tim Roth), visit Fårö to work on their new screenplays as well as soak in the Bergman atmosphere, both being devoted to the famed Director. Tony is also being feted by the Swedish film community which grants the pair special access including a stay at one of Bergman's homes. This description may make it seem like this is a movie only for fans of the Swedish Director (he passed in 2007), but Hansen-Love has more on her mind (still, at least a cursory knowledge of Bergman's work is essential). This isn't to say that the film isn't littered with references and allusions to the filmmakers work and life - it is (the couple sleep in the same bedroom that was used for Bergman's SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE: "The film that made millions of people divorce" as is said here); But, Hansen-Love's focus is on the personal dynamics. While Tony is obviously the senior partner in both age and success, the central character is clearly Chris. A movie within the movie brings to life the screenplay that she is working on. That inner tale concerns a young woman (Mia Wasikowska) who meets up with an old flame (Anders Danielsen Lie) at a wedding....on Fårö. While Wasikowska's character is named 'Amy', she is clearly a stand-in for Chris. It's a tricky and mostly clever device, even if it is awkwardly inserted into the storyline (and far too late). As a backstory within a backstory, Hansen-Love herself famously had a long affair with French Director Olivier Assayas -- who was also the senior partner in both age and success. And, to extend the "in" nature of the production even on step further, Greta Gerwig had been slated to play Chris originally (Gerwig, of course, also being involved in a filmaking couple romance with Noah Baumbach). As noted, it's awkward. Cinefiles certainly are the target audience here. Bergman presence clearly haunts the island and there is talk of how he may have believed in ghosts. The film has an oddly structured screenplay that meanders a bit before making its design clear, but there are pleasures to be had for those that stick with it. The uninitiated may find it a pleasant tour of the scenic island (usually rendered bleakly in Bergman's films, and often in Black &White). 1 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 One Of The Best Films Of The Year HabibieHakim12324 October 2021 Bergman Island is already perfect with Chris and Tony story, inspired by the great Ingmar Bergman, Chris wrote her own story and when the story was tell visually, it just making it even more perfect, Vicky Krieps and Tim Roth chemistry is unexpectedly fantastic and i did hope they show their relationship as deeper as Amy and Joseph played incredibly by Mia Wasikowska and Anders Danielsen Lie, overall, Bergman Island is beautiful, it's a great film, really really good, and it's simply one of the best films of the year. 6 out of 13 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 1/10 no sale cdcrb22 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Two movies for the price of one isn't always a bargain. This is boring and silly stuff. Would you honestly bring a white dress to wear at a friend's wedding. Ever. If so, this is for you. Tim roth looks bored to death. 7 out of 25 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Beautiful atractiveeyes27 October 2021 It's nice and so well made. Cinematography is amazing. Performances are solid. Screenplay is brilliant. It has two interesting storylines, specially for movie lovers, that blend together beautifully in a way that keeps you lost between reality and fiction. But it's simple, slow-paced and a bit long so it's not everyone's cup of tea. 4 out of 10 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Salute to the master martinpersson978 October 2021 Ingmar Bergman may have passed away almost two decades, but his legacy is well-carried on and celebrated both in Sweden, as well as abroad. This movie is one of the most pronounced homages to the man himself, actually taking place in his home and dealing with his movies - but besides that, it captures the cinematic magic that made Bergman so great, providing a fantastic script, full of questions about the human psyche and similar allegories. The actors all do a great job, and the movie overall is very beautiful, both in terms of cinematography and its themes! 8 out of 20 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Too many possibilities slabihoud26 October 2021 Could have been a great film, but it cannot decide which way to go. It feels like standing beore a signpost with a dozen possible directions, but the author director could not really make up her mind which one to pursue. Since the story revolves around Ingmar Bergman, who used to life and film on this island, we get a lot of references, movie clips, talks, sights, and quips about him, his films and his life. Praise and critique about Bergman is woven into the story of a couple of filmmakers, Chris and Tony, coming to Fårö, to write scripts and learn more on Bergman. Their different work styles, subjects and attitude have quite some Bergmanesque quality, though none of the straits are followed to the end. The Bergman worshipping and bashing does not offer any new insights and sounds like remnants from an abandoned documentary project. The film tends to remain on the lighter side until we get to hear and see Chris' script evolve as she tells it to her partner. Here begins the strongest plot line, blending fiction with the reality. I only wish the director had focussed more on this development. It would have been an ultimately more compelling film. 5 out of 7 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 1/10 Snoozefest and feels like a Bergman promotion video ukheather1 November 2021 This really is a snoozefest and feels like it's a promotion video for this place in Sweden. Also animal cruelty involved. Two of them pick small jellyfish up and thrown them at each other in a jellyfish throwing battle. No need for this! This IS animal cruelty! 2 out of 10 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 2/10 This film is very deceiving. developmentczar12 November 2021 I went into this with high expectations. Billed as a must-see for those who would appreciate Sweden's most esteemed artist. Thirty minutes in and trying to keep my eyelids in an actiive status, I broke out the Chalk not wanting to miss a beat. But by the one hour mark, I realized this film neither featured Dolph Lundgren nor did it ever even utter his name. I was confounded and vexed. Tim Roth and Vicky Krieps spent the entire duration on screen discussing mundane nonsense without paying homage to the most famous Swede in history. Shame on you! 0 out of 0 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 White people doing white people things drjacobgrayson6 November 2021 Swedish people on a months-long vacation - biking on an island, sipping tea, writing a novel. Yep, that's a 2-hour movie. It's literally impossible to write spoilers for this movie. 0 out of 5 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Reaching for the unattainable LifeVsArt29 October 2021 The artistic process as it relates to ones real life is a theme that director Mia Hanson-Love turns into a multi-layered, heartfelt exploration into creativity and self knowledge. It has levels within levels, along with the stunningly effective structure of a film within a film (which effects ones perception of everything that precedes it). This is a film that as it lingers in the imagination new connections and meanings appear - it sets root in the viewer and grows from there. There's the primary story of two directors, parents of a child, Chris and Tony (a sensitive and subtle Vicki Krieps and Tim Roth) who go to Faro Island to bask in the magic and legend of the iconic Swedish director Ingmar Bergman - along with the serene beauty of the ocean and landscape. But this is also a launching pad to what follows which asks many questions regarding the artistic process and the true nature of the artist. There is a question of maintaining a state of innocence as one matures (artistically and personally). Does this purity need to be sacrificed on the altar of art or can it be nurtured and protected in art and in life? I won't say much about the film within the film other than it features a deeply moving, charismatic performance by Mia Wasikowska as Amy, along with her longed for love, Joseph, played beautifully by Anders Danielsen Lie. I found this part of the film riveting and extremely sensual as a further exploration of the inner life of its creator, Chris. Fantasy and reality melt into one on the same island where Bergman set his dreams to film. There's so much under the surface in this film that I won't even attempt to describe but its there for any viewer to sort out for themselves and follow their own insights and intuitions. This is an extremely creative and beautiful film which says something about the longing to reach the unattainable, whether it be Bergman or ones true nature. 1 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 #TIFF21: ghamstudios26 September 2021 This is a wonderful, meditative film about life, love, and art, specifically what we as viewers hope to get out of our "relationship" with films and certain filmmakers. I was completely starstruck by Vicky Krieps during the q&a, for someone who does a lot of somber/serious work she is a very funny and strikingly honest person. I thoroughly enjoyed this film, and it is well worth checking out if it ever pops up at an art house theatre near you. 8 out of 20 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 1/10 Poor Bergman andreyrublev29 August 2021 Under the pretext of subtlety, the film avoids any conflict, any emotion, any depth. The characters roam the surface of life, without ever diving into it. A sort of bourgeois hell. Moreover, the awkward realization absolutely does not pay homage to the supposed beauty of the landscapes. Of the whole movie, two or even three frames are correct. The rest is just platitude. Camera movements never make sense. I end up thinking about the title. In fine, a tout. I have no doubt that one day soon, an uninspired director will name his dish of buttery shells "Kubrick Paradise" or "Godard Bedroom", in order, on a misunderstanding, to attract some victims in the theaters. 37 out of 58 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 For fans of Bergman and people who haven't got anything better to watch rjmoucho29 October 2021 Beautiful movie in a history-filled location, though not much happens. Interesting, well crafted and relatable main characters and refreshing storytelling. Lacks meaning and is not very emotionally engaging or exciting; still I do not think it ever gets boring since the story keeps moving albeit, as i said before, nothing hugely significant happens. Captivating premise for cinephiles who want to know more about Bergman, the legendary Swedish director, and the island he used to live on. 6/10. 2 out of 5 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 1/10 Slow, dramatic, painful to watch franckpourchet23 October 2021 She gets the beautiful setting, a bunch of notable actors, a self centered subject (why not) but a subject after all and she just manages to ravage everything. This is so painful to watch that if you really want to go to the end you need to make so many pauses. It's typical work of someone who have nothing to say anymore. Sad when you're so young and talented (supposedly). 7 out of 17 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 A profound meditation on love, artistic creation, and originality nitzanfamilia12 November 2021 I really enjoyed and loved this film, but I can also understand why others won't. I won't go over the synopsis because I assume most readers are already familiar with it/can easily do so. The pacing is very slow and the plot gets more convoluted as we go along, and there are many many references to Bergman, and so again, I can understand why this would be alienating and maybe even annoying to some, but these are some of the reasons why I liked this film so much. The tone and the way that every scene is directed and shot are also very different from other "serious" so-called arthouse films. The universal and perhaps timeless subject matter--love, relationships, artistic creation, loneliness (or solitude, depending), to name some--are indeed serious but are also treated in a casual, airy, even jovial manner (and not in the derogatory sense of these words), which was really refreshing and made me even reconsider my own preferences, cinematic or otherwise, and the way that I view Bergman in particular and artistic inspiration more generally. There's also a sort of dreamlike atmosphere that surrounds the film and the film within a film especially. The first hour or so is a very careful and brilliantly written setup for the second hour in which doubles and doubling will appear - characters become narrators and also understudies for other characters, and virtually every sentence that they say can be interpreted metafictionally, as they are aware of being actors in a film (or in the film within a film, as well). It's indeed a film that interprets itself and its own mechanisms, especially its writing process, which is not new (Godard, for example), of course, but this is exactly where the director has shown originality and creativity. Hansen-Løve takes Bergman and his films (and his alter ego in the form of the beautiful, serene island of Fårö itself and also possibly her partner, another threatening male director that looms in the background or the foreground), and instead of merely referencing him for the sake of reference alone and sounding "smart", as a "formidable reference" as one character says, she plays with his myth, with his films. After all, the word "allusion" comes from the word "to play," and this is where the film really shines quite brilliantly. Ghosts become zombies in a horror film within the film, words become real, and the "power of fiction," as one character writes in their journal, dazzles. There's also an interesting discussion of human relationships, love, motherhood, what it means to love more than one person at the same time, especially when it comes from a woman. Women here as in Bergman's films are indeed the driving force both of the plot and of the actual film, dealing with the old issue of writer's block in a new perspective, truly. I think this is what originality really is now: you take an artwork or its creator which precedes you (and in film or any other medium, of course, you never operate solely on your own or in a vacuum, but are under an influence of tradition and an entire history that "haunts" you), and try to re-mold it, shape it into something new by using the same tools but in a different, singular way, using your own tone. Notice that the title of the film is "Bergman Island" and not "Bergman's Island". Bergman doesn't own the island nor can he monopolize it, as much as the industry born from his life there is very much alive. Every director, character, visitor, and film spectator shares the island and its impression via this film. I will say, though, that the ending did feel a bit rushed and maybe even underdeveloped, but it's still done masterfully, showing complete control of the medium of film. 1 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Good idea but to slow and empty sandrajoanap6 November 2021 Without giving anything away i love the idea that there is a movie within a movie , but with not that much of a plot , the movie mainly focuses on emotions of the characters that are left unsaid , it is very slow paced and not much happens. The cinematography is beautiful and it showcases the picturesque nature pf sweden . It is nice but not revolutionary, pretty boring at times and it is definitely a feel good movie, but with lots of heartbreak and with the sad reality of estranged relationships . The movie is kind off a love letter to a famous Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman and his works. An honorable mention goes to initially a secondary role, but Mia Wasikowska stole the show and it was a delight watching her on screen. 0 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Boring with beautiful cinematography and a savior called Mia sandrajoanap6 November 2021 Without giving anything away i love the idea that there is a movie within a movie , but with not that much of a plot , the movie mainly focuses on emotions of the characters that are left unsaid , it is very slow paced and not much happens. The cinematography is beautiful and it showcases the picturesque nature of sweden . It is nice but not revolutionary,pretty boring at times... It is definitely a feel good movie but with lots of heartbreak and with the sad reality of estranged relationships . The movie is kind off a love letter to a famous Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman and his works. An honorable mention goes to initially a secondary role, but Mia Wasikowska stole the show and it was a delight watching her on screen. 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 A Love Letter to Ingmar Bergman L_Avventura12 August 2021 Starring Tim Roth, Vicky Krieps, Mia Wasikowska and Anders Danielsen Lie, "Bergman Island" tells the story of two filmmakers who retreat to the Swedish island of Fårö for the summer to write screenplays for their upcoming films. Reality and fiction start to blur. The motion picture seamlessly weaves together two storylines which eventually blend together against the backdrop of the iconic island landscape. Human relationships and art are at the center of this film. It is also a love letter to Ingmar Bergman and his oeuvre. 14 out of 27 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink See also Awards | FAQ | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews Bergman Island Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users temporary a list of 43 titles created 3 months ago Avec Pin a list of 30 titles created 3 weeks ago diary november 2021 a list of 35 titles created 2 weeks ago 2021 Film Festivals (my selection) a list of 21 titles created 3 months ago ANTICIPATED 2020 a list of 21 titles created 02 Jan 2020 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.