Billion Dollar Brain (1967) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061405/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_57
Billion Dollar Brain (1967) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Billion Dollar Brain 19671967 Not RatedNot Rated 1h 51m IMDb RATING 6.0/10 5.2K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics CrimeThriller A former British spy stumbles onto a plot to overthrow Communism with the help of a supercomputer. But who is working for whom?A former British spy stumbles onto a plot to overthrow Communism with the help of a supercomputer. But who is working for whom?A former British spy stumbles onto a plot to overthrow Communism with the help of a supercomputer. But who is working for whom? IMDb RATING 6.0/10 5.2K YOUR RATING Rate Director Ken Russell Writers Len Deighton(novel "Billion Dollar Brain") John McGrath(screenplay) Stars Michael Caine Karl Malden Ed Begley Top credits Director Ken Russell Writers Len Deighton(novel "Billion Dollar Brain") John McGrath(screenplay) Stars Michael Caine Karl Malden Ed Begley See production, box office & company info 80User reviews 47Critic reviews See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Videos1 Interview 2:50 What Movies Make Up the DNA of "Utopia"? Photos89 Top cast Edit Michael Caine Harry Palmeras Harry Palmer Karl Malden Leo Newbigenas Leo Newbigen Ed Begley Gen. Midwinteras Gen. Midwinter Oskar Homolka Col. Stokas Col. Stok Françoise Dorléac Anyaas Anya (as Francoise Dorleac) Guy Doleman Col. Rossas Col. Ross Vladek Sheybal Dr. Eiwortas Dr. Eiwort Milo Sperber Basilas Basil Janos Kurutz Latvian Gangsteras Latvian Gangster Alexei Jawdokimov Latvian Gangsteras Latvian Gangster Paul Tamarin Latvian Gangsteras Latvian Gangster Izabella Telezynska Latvian Gangsteras Latvian Gangster (as Iza Teller) Mark Elwes Birkenshawas Birkenshaw Stanley Caine G.P.O. Special Delivery Boyas G.P.O. Special Delivery Boy Gregg Palmer First Dutch Businessmanas First Dutch Businessman John Herrington 2nd Dutch Businessmanas 2nd Dutch Businessman Hans De Vries 3rd Dutch Businessmanas 3rd Dutch Businessman Fred Griffiths Taxi Driveras Taxi Driver Director Ken Russell Writers Len Deighton(novel "Billion Dollar Brain") John McGrath(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.9 Funeral in Berlin 7.2 The Ipcress File 5.6 Bullet to Beijing 6.5 Spy Story 5.0 Midnight in Saint Petersburg 6.3 The Black Windmill 6.6 The Fourth Protocol 6.0 French Dressing 7.1 Gambit 7.3 The Italian Job 7.0 Alfie 7.4 Get Carter Storyline Edit Harry Palmer has left the British Secret Service and become a private detective. One of his first assignments is to deliver an apparently innocent Thermos flask to an old friend in Helsinki, Palmer is suspicious of the flask' contents and starts to doubt his friend's motives, and those of his boss, a Texan billionaire. —Dave Jenkins <david.jenkins@smallworld.co.uk> espionagecold warsequelspypolitical thriller51 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Pow . . . Power . . . Brainpower Genres Crime Thriller Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During filming, Karl Malden's London hotel room was burgled, and his cash was stolen, but his travellers' cheques were left untouched. The incident inspired him to become the spokesman for American Express travellers' cheques, in a long-running series of commercials, with the slogan "Don't leave home without them." Goofs When Harry Palmer is being taken to the concert, he passes a sign in Russian that says "Mopchdt" which is a meaningless unpronounceable misspelling of "Molchat" meaning "silence". Quotes Harry Palmer: OK, Leo, what's the catch? Leo Newbigen: There's no catch. Harry Palmer: Then who gets killed? Leo Newbigen: Nobody gets killed. Harry Palmer: There's no catch, and nobody gets killed? I'd still like to know more about it, Leo. Crazy credits In the opening credits, crew names are written in all uppercase letters, with the exception of Production Manager Eva Monley whose name is written "eva monley". Alternate versions 31 seconds of the original movie are missing on the MGM DVD release of 2004. The licensing rights of the Beatles song "A Hard Day's Night", which was heard in the scene where Harry meets Basil, were too expensive so they cut the whole scene. Connections Featured in Caine Below Zero (1967) Soundtracks Billion Dollar Brain (Main Theme) Composed and Arranged by Richard Rodney Bennett Orchestra conducted by Marcus Dods User reviews80 Review Top review Imaginative and unfairly maligned sixties classic I'm baffled by the dislike afforded this enjoyable sixties romp. The charge that it is less realistic than the previous films is groundless because the others weren't the real world either. The first featured some daft business with a psychedelic torture chamber and the second some far fetched romps around the Berlin wall. Of course, the events in 'Brain' are no less credible. The kremlin wouldn't allow a top Colonel to be chums with a British spy, let alone allow him to wander around Latvia taking photographs. The real purpose is to open the plot and make it more colourful, and also the opportunity to satirise entrenched positions and the madness of humanity. Recent events in Russia, especially under Yeltsin, prove that truth is definitely stranger than fiction. The score is terrific and the breath-neck direction may be enough to make it accessible to young, contemporary film fans. The cast is superb. Guy Doleman is brilliant again as the supercilious Colonel Ross. The scene where he spills the cereals and refuses to move his feet while Palmer sweeps them up is priceless. The Russian spy Anya gives a hilarious speech of ennui about her father on the boat with Palmer and Oskar Homolka as Colonel Stock gives a short, classic lament on the ice flow written by John McGrath who does a great job here, especially in his cutting swipes at blinkered thinking. "The air in Texas is pure. That's why I haven't set foot outside of Texas in twenty five years" yells the batty General Midwinter. But the most chilling and truthful exchange occurs between Palmer and amoral spy Leo Newbigen. "When he gets between five miles of the Latvian border, every alarm in the world is gonna blow and four minutes later no one is going to be around." - "You want your money, don't you?" Ken Russell began his career doing documentaries about classical composers and his experience pays off here in his use of sound with image. Anyone bored with current fair and hasn't seen this trilogy could do worse in giving them a go. This one was the best, in my opinion. helpful•49 11 Gary-161 Dec 21, 2000 Details Edit Release date January 14, 1968 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Languages English Russian Finnish Also known as Das Milliarden Dollar Gehirn Filming locations Helsinki, Finland Production companies Jovera Pictures AG/SA Lowndes Productions Limited See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 51 minutes Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news The Harry Palmer Collection Nov 13Trailers from Hell The Ipcress File Oct 13Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Billion Dollar Brain (1967) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.