Black Dynamite (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1190536/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Black Dynamite (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Black Dynamite 20092009 RR 1h 24m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 48K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:20 3 Videos 65 Photos ActionComedy Black Dynamite is the greatest African-American action star of the 1970s. When his only brother is killed by The Man, it's up to him to find justice.Black Dynamite is the greatest African-American action star of the 1970s. When his only brother is killed by The Man, it's up to him to find justice.Black Dynamite is the greatest African-American action star of the 1970s. When his only brother is killed by The Man, it's up to him to find justice. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 48K YOUR RATING Rate Director Scott Sanders Writers Michael Jai White(screenplay) Byron Minns(screenplay) Scott Sanders(screenplay) Stars Michael Jai White Arsenio Hall Tommy Davidson Top credits Director Scott Sanders Writers Michael Jai White(screenplay) Byron Minns(screenplay) Scott Sanders(screenplay) Stars Michael Jai White Arsenio Hall Tommy Davidson See production, box office & company info 113User reviews 181Critic reviews 65Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 4 nominations Videos3 Trailer 2:20 Black Dynamite: Theatrical Trailer Trailer 1:05 Black Dynamite -- "Dojo Scene" Trailer 1:40 Black Dynamite: Teaser Trailer Photos65 Top cast Edit Michael Jai White Black Dynamiteas Black Dynamite Arsenio Hall Tasty Freezeas Tasty Freeze Tommy Davidson Cream Cornas Cream Corn Phyllis Applegate Aunt Billyas Aunt Billy Obba Babatundé Osirisas Osiris (as Obba Babatunde) William Bassett Captain Yancyas Captain Yancy Troy Lindsey Brown Kid #1as Kid #1 Fredella Calloway Waitressas Waitress Cheryl Carter Black Dynamite's Motheras Black Dynamite's Mother Juka Ceesay Valet Girlas Valet Girl (as Juka Cesay) Kevin Chapman O'Learyas O'Leary Lucky Davis Paperboyas Paperboy Nicholas Earley Neighborhood Kidas Neighborhood Kid Richard Edson Dinoas Dino Jason Jack Edwards Soul Brotheras Soul Brother (as Jason Jack Edwards) Jon Kent Ethridge 12 year old Black Dynamiteas 12 year old Black Dynamite Mary Evans Woman at tableas Woman at table Cory Gluck 16 year old Jimmyas 16 year old Jimmy Director Scott Sanders Writers Michael Jai White(screenplay) (story) Byron Minns(screenplay) (story) Scott Sanders(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Black Dynamite 8.4 The Boondocks 8.5 Your Movie Sucks 7.4 Hausu 7.5 Army of Darkness 7.2 Team America: World Police 6.2 Kung Pow: Enter the Fist The Outlaw Johnny Black 6.4 Aztec Warrior 7.7 Evil Dead II 7.6 Serbuan maut 7.7 Enter the Dragon Storyline Edit This is the story of 1970s African-American action legend Black Dynamite. The Man killed his brother, pumped heroin into local orphanages, and flooded the ghetto with adulterated malt liquor. Black Dynamite was the one hero willing to fight The Man all the way from the blood-soaked city streets to the hallowed halls of the Honky House.. —Anonymous outnumberedlicense to killmob executionvengeanceone man army197 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines He's super bad. He's outta sight. He's... Genres Action Comedy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for sexuality/nudity, language, some violence and drug content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The prosthetic penis worn by Gunsmoke (Buddy Lewis) was actually a flesh colored baby pacifier. Goofs When Cream Corn runs away from Black Dynamite from the barbershop, his boots turn from high heeled to flat bottomed, back to high heeled again. This is a parody of poorly edited blaxploitation films. Quotes Black Dynamite: Ha-ha! I threw that shit before I walked in the room! Alternate versions The international version of the film contains six minutes of additional footage, consisting of extra dialogue in some scenes and extended fight sequences. In the scene where Black Dynamite and Cream Corn take a helicopter and leave Kung Fu Island, they use it to destroy Fiendish Dr. Wu's complex before heading off to the White House. Connections Featured in American Grindhouse (2010) Soundtracks West Side Rumble (uncredited) Music by Sam Spence User reviews113 Review Top review 8/10 Best Spoof since the 80's ZAZ glory days! This is what "Undercover Brother" and "Grindhouse" (minus the 'phony' trailers) wished they could have been but weren't: a tribute to a dismissed period of cinema that feels like it belongs (and comes from) its era. But this isn't just a collection of random jokes or stabs at blaxploitation genre clichés without rhyme or reason. There is an actual story (convoluted and non-sensical but it's there, and even allows long scenes that advance the plot to unfold without a single obvious joke), there are real characters (over-the-top and cliché' but not two-dimensional walking cardboards) and there are action/fighting scenes (enhanced via the same seamless green screen/CG technology used in "Kung-Pow" a few years back) that make this an actual blaxpoitation movie that just happens to be funny because it's being so true and respectful to the genre it represents. Michael Jai White looks and inhabits his lead role like he stepped out of the 1970's; it's the best casting for a movie since Christopher Reeve got the Superman/Clark Kent role, and I'm not kidding. Supporting actors really get into their blaxpoitation roles (Arsenio Hall and Tommy Davidson are hilarious in too-brief cameos) but they don't overplay their OTT personalities or overstay their welcome. The way "Black Dynamite" gets around its 'R' rating to sneak in a graphic sex scene is not only genius but ties directly with the movie's best scene in which the 'heroes' crack the code in a cafeteria. And the orphanage scene has to be seen to be believed. :-P Only the overblown finale that pushes things way past the breaking point (think "Shoot 'Em Up" and yes, it's that big a misfire) betrays the cinematic illusion that this is a 70's flick that's been rotting in a vault somewhere. I got my $12.50's worth and will gladly wait for the DVD because I'm sure there's a joke or two I missed. The one's that hit the mark are hilarious though. Don't listen to the DVD Talk reviewer on this one (they're usually right but this time he's way off), "Black Dynamite" is a winnah! helpful•52 17 dale-lover Oct 18, 2009 Details Edit Release date January 13, 2010 (France) Country of origin United States Official sites film website for promotion Official Facebook Language English Also known as 黑色決殺令 Filming locations Hollywood Forever Cemetery - 6000 Santa Monica Blvd., Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Destination Films Ars Nova Entertainment Goliath Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,900,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $242,578 Opening weekend US & Canada $131,862 Oct 18, 2009 Gross worldwide $296,557 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 24 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek What’s Coming & Going From Hulu in November 2021 Oct 22TV Insider Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Black Dynamite (2009) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.