Blackadder II (TV Series 1986) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088484/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=12230b0e-0e00-43ed-9e59-8d5353703cce&pf_rd_r=F1T92JWP35CW5954KDW6&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=toptv&ref_=chttvtp_tt_121
Blackadder II (TV Series 1986) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Blackadder II TV Series 19861986 TV-PGTV-PG 2h 56m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 45K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,301 247 Episode guide Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics All topics Comedy In the Tudor court of Elizabeth I, Lord Edmund Blackadder strives to win Her Majesty's favour while attempting to avoid a grisly fate should he offend her.In the Tudor court of Elizabeth I, Lord Edmund Blackadder strives to win Her Majesty's favour while attempting to avoid a grisly fate should he offend her.In the Tudor court of Elizabeth I, Lord Edmund Blackadder strives to win Her Majesty's favour while attempting to avoid a grisly fate should he offend her. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 45K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,301 247 Stars Rowan Atkinson Tony Robinson Tim McInnerny Top credits Stars Rowan Atkinson Tony Robinson Tim McInnerny See production, box office & company info 54User reviews 9Critic reviews See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated TV #121 Awards 1 win & 1 nomination Episodes6 Browse episodes TopTop-rated 1 Season 1986 Photos16 Top cast Edit Rowan Atkinson Edmund Blackadderas Edmund Blackadder6 episodes6 eps • 1986 Tony Robinson Baldrickas Baldrick6 episodes6 eps • 1986 Tim McInnerny Lord Percyas Lord Percy6 episodes6 eps • 1986 Miranda Richardson Queen Elizabeth Ias Queen Elizabeth I6 episodes6 eps • 1986 Stephen Fry Lord Melchettas Lord Melchett6 episodes6 eps • 1986 Patsy Byrne Nursieas Nursie6 episodes6 eps • 1986 Tony Aitken Minstrelas Minstrel…6 episodes6 eps • 1986 Hugh Laurie Prince Ludwigas Prince Ludwig…2 episodes2 eps • 1986 Tom Baker Captain Rumas Captain Rum1 episode1 ep • 1986 Holly De Jong Lady Farrowas Lady Farrow1 episode1 ep • 1986 Gabrielle Glaister Bobas Bob…1 episode1 ep • 1986 Ronald Lacey Bishop of Bath & Wellsas Bishop of Bath & Wells1 episode1 ep • 1986 Miriam Margolyes Lady Whiteadderas Lady Whiteadder1 episode1 ep • 1986 Max Harvey Tortureras Torturer1 episode1 ep • 1986 Simon Jones Sir Walter Raleighas Sir Walter Raleigh1 episode1 ep • 1986 Rik Mayall Flashheartas Flashheart1 episode1 ep • 1986 Cassie Stuart Mollyas Molly1 episode1 ep • 1986 Bill Wallis Gaoler Ploppyas Gaoler Ploppy1 episode1 ep • 1986 All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 Blackadder the Third 8.8 Blackadder Goes Forth 8.0 The Black Adder 7.6 Blackadder Back & Forth 8.0 Blackadder's Christmas Carol 8.0 Blackadder: The Cavalier Years 8.7 Fawlty Towers 7.9 Blackadder Rides Again 8.6 Father Ted 8.6 Yes Minister 8.6 Yes, Prime Minister 8.3 A Bit of Fry and Laurie Storyline Edit Sixty years after the demise of Prince Edmund Plantagenet, Queen Elizabeth I, who's as insane as her ancestors, is England's current leader. Seductive, easy-to-impress, spoiled, and always seeking a husband, "Queenie" has a leading courtier: Lord Edmund Blackaddder, great-grandson of the original. Now, however, he is dryly cynical and intelligent, but still trying to become king; this time by marrying the queen. However, her right-hand-man, Lord Melchett, will always serve as fair competition for her hand. Blackadder is again assisted by the clueless but fashionable Lord Percy Percy and dung-eating, "cunning" peasant Baldrick. —Bloggers! aristocracybritish humourelizabethan eratudor englandkingdom of england30 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines The original may be dead... but now his bastard great-great grandson swaggers around Renaissance London with a big head and a small beard. Genre Comedy Certificate TV-PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The writers realized that they had to rewrite the character of Queen Elizabeth I after they saw Miranda Richardson's wonderfully silly interpretation. Quotes Baldrick: I've been in your service since I was two and a half, my lord. Blackadder: Well that is the why I am so utterly sick of the sight of you. Crazy credits In the opening credits, a snake (a Mexican black kingsnake) slithers across a marble table (in a homage/parody to I, Claudius (1976), a historical/political drama series which starred Patsy Byrne). However, the snake doesn't go the way it should, and at the end is removed and replaced with an object (the object varies depending on the episode). Connections Featured in The Story of Bean (1997) User reviews54 Review Top review Definitive Blackadder To many who watched the ongoing saga of the Blackadder family at the time of release, this is the best Blackadder series of them all - and they have a very strong case. Although this is not my own personal favourite (I prefer the original series), this second installment is a superb piece of comedy. The time-period moves on approximately sixty years to Elizabethan England and follows the story of Edmund Blackadder (Rowan Atkinson) - the great-grandson of the original slimy Blackadder. This time Edmund is not a Prince of the realm but a Lord in the court of Good Queen Bess (the wonderful Miranda Richardson). Tim McInnerny continues in the role as Percy and he threatens to steal the show throughout. Percy's character is built on from the first series, being given a more child-like and innocent personality to go with the lack of brain cells, and this combined with McInnerny's fantastic performance gives the comedy an added dimension and direction. The Baldrick role (Tony Robinson) is also reprised, but instead of the street-wise peasant with the cunning plan of series one, we get the first incarnation of the Baldrick character we are now more familiar with - dirty, smelly and incredibly stupid. In this series it works, because now Blackadder himself is significantly brighter and more refined than his ancestor and this time he's armed with a razor-sharp wit. The characters do complement each other well, but the close-nit group of the first series is now missing with Blackadder resenting and mistreating his sidekicks throughout, but this is used well for comic effect. The supporting cast is also excellent and the characters they play are brilliantly written. Elizabeth herself is portrayed as a spoilt little school-girl, complete with screams! Richardson plays this role superbly and with hilarious results with the queen being highly unpredictable and volatile. Elizabeth also has a couple of loyal sidekicks, Nursy (Patsy Byrne) the woman who weaned her as a child, and Melchett (Stephen Fry), her advisor. All of these characters add weight to the comedy, and are sufficiently different to each other to provide alternative directions in comedy. Although Blackadder does have a basic goal in this series - to marry Elizabeth and become her consort - it does not drive the plot as much in this series as it did in the first. The plots for each episode however are still extremely entertaining and contain the basic premise of Blackadder getting into a desperate situation that he must get out of - with the aid (or hindrance) of Percy and Baldrick. The stories are well-thought out and the comedy a good-blend of dry-wit from Blackadder and farcical situations. The stories are well scripted and contain some excellent supporting characters played memorably by the likes of Rik Mayall (of Young Ones and Drop Dead Fred fame), Ronald Lacey (Raiders of the Lost Ark) and ex Dr Who Tom Baker. This series of Blackadder successfully alters the main character into the intelligent and dry cynic, because it does not do so at the expense of the other characters and the plots. Ben Elton's influence however is evident with the supporting characters being of the less intelligent type, aluding to things to come in the next two series where these characters becoming the main target for the humour. Blackadder II works so well because it is the stories that drive the humour with the dry-wit as an added bonus - things were about to be reversed. Like the first series this is a classic of comedy and well deserves its standing as, arguably, the most popular Blackadder series. The first and last series of Blackadder could not be further apart in terms of humour and subtlety - this series fuses both styles to create, perhaps the definitive Blackadder. helpful•29 1 GoonerMan Dec 14, 2000 FAQ1 How is Lord Blackadder from this series related to Prince Edmund from 'The Black Adder'? Details Edit Release date January 9, 1986 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Language English Also known as Blackadder Filming locations BBC Television Centre, Wood Lane, Shepherd's Bush, London, England, UK Production company British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 56 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.33 : 1 Related news ‘Miracle Workers: Dark Ages’: Simon Rich on Remaking a TV Comedy (Almost) From Scratch Jan 28Indiewire 10 Funniest Are You Being Served Episodes, Ranked Jan 28ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Spanish language plot outline for Blackadder II (1986)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Add episode More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.