Black Panther (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1825683/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_t_6
Black Panther (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Black Panther 20182018 PG-13PG-13 2h 14m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 686K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 286 154 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:19 53 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past.T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past.T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 686K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 286 154 Director Ryan Coogler Writers Ryan Coogler Joe Robert Cole Stan Lee(based on the Marvel comics by) Stars Chadwick Boseman Michael B. Jordan Lupita Nyong'o Top credits Director Ryan Coogler Writers Ryan Coogler Joe Robert Cole Stan Lee(based on the Marvel comics by) Stars Chadwick Boseman Michael B. Jordan Lupita Nyong'o See production, box office & company info 3.4KUser reviews 505Critic reviews 88Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 3 Oscars 114 wins & 280 nominations total Videos53 Trailer 2:19 Official Trailer Trailer 1:53 Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:03 Marvel’s Avengers Clip 3:01 Does Andy Serkis Know How Many Times He's Played Gollum? Clip 3:54 The Rise of Michael B. Jordan Clip 3:15 The Rise of Oscar Winner Daniel Kaluuya Clip 4:29 Everything We Know About 'Black Panther II' Clip 1:08 Remembering Chadwick Boseman Clip 3:10 "The Walking Dead" Universe Goes Interstellar & Beyond Clip 4:07 'Endgame' Is Only the Beginning for 'Spider-Man' Clip 2:45 5 Favorites From 2019 Oscars Clip 2:56 Can 2019 Oscars Avoid Hostless Disaster of 1989? Photos599 Top cast Edit Chadwick Boseman T'Challaas T'Challa… Michael B. Jordan Erik Killmongeras Erik Killmonger Lupita Nyong'o Nakiaas Nakia Danai Gurira Okoyeas Okoye Martin Freeman Everett K. Rossas Everett K. Ross Daniel Kaluuya W'Kabias W'Kabi Letitia Wright Shurias Shuri Winston Duke M'Bakuas M'Baku Sterling K. Brown N'Jobuas N'Jobu Angela Bassett Ramondaas Ramonda Forest Whitaker Zurias Zuri Andy Serkis Ulysses Klaueas Ulysses Klaue Florence Kasumba Ayoas Ayo John Kani T'Chakaas T'Chaka David S. Lee Limbanias Limbani Nabiyah Be Lindaas Linda Isaach De Bankolé River Tribe Elderas River Tribe Elder Connie Chiume Mining Tribe Elderas Mining Tribe Elder Director Ryan Coogler Writers Ryan Coogler Joe Robert Cole Stan Lee(based on the Marvel comics by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Remembering Chadwick Boseman (1976-2020) Remembering Chadwick Boseman (1976-2020) We look back on the life of Chadwick Boseman in photos.See more Chadwick Boseman Photos More like this 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 7.5 Doctor Strange 7.9 Thor: Ragnarok 7.0 Ant-Man and the Wasp 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 8.0 The Avengers 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.3 Ant-Man 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 7.4 Spider-Man: Homecoming 8.0 Guardians of the Galaxy Storyline Edit After the events of Captain America: Civil War, Prince T'Challa returns home to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new king. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne from factions within his own country. When two foes conspire to destroy Wakanda, the hero known as Black Panther must team up with C.I.A. agent Everett K. Ross and members of the Dora Milaje, Wakandan special forces, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war. —Editor marvel cinematic universemarvel comicsbased on comic bookkingafrican king708 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Long live the king. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for prolonged sequences of action violence, and a brief rude gesture Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During an interview with Michel Martin on the radio program "All Things Considered," Danai Gurira (Okoye) said that the language spoken by Wakandans is a real language, Xhosa, a South African language characterized by clicks and glottal stops: "It's the same language that is native to Nelson Mandela. It's from the Cape region of South Africa. And Mr. John Kani, who plays T'Challa's father, T'Chaka, he's Xhosa. And so he - they started and agreed to that language being the language of Wakanda in Captain America: Civil War (2016)." Goofs (at around 39 mins) When Shuri gives T'challa the new shoes (called sneakers), she mentions that they absorb sound & allow silent footsteps, which T'challa demonstrates. Later in the film (at around 52 mins), T'challa runs up a ramp wearing the sneakers... accompanied by the sound of footsteps. Quotes M'Baku: If you say one more word, I'll feed you to my children! [Ross shuts up, beat] M'Baku: I'm kidding. We're vegetarians. Crazy credits The main credits for the people of Wakanda are colored according to the tribe: the cast credits for the members of the Wakandan royal family are in purple/gold, the royal colors. Forest Whitaker's credit is in purple, as befits Zuri's role as adviser to the royal family. Lupita Nyong'o's credit is shaded green, the River Tribe color. Danai Gurira's credit is shaded red, the Dora Milaje color. Daniel Kaluuya's credit is shaded blue, the Border Tribe color. Winston Duke's credit is represented by an ape face, since the Jabari have no tribe color. Alternate versions In advance of the film's release in India, the filmmakers removed all references to the Hindu god Hanuman presumably to avoid generating any controversy surrounding the film. Connections Edited into La case du siècle: Restituer l'art africain: les fantômes de la colonisation (2020) Soundtracks In the Trunk Written by Too $hort (as Todd Shaw) and Shorty B (as Stuart Jordan) Performed by Too $hort Courtesy of RCA Records By arrangement with Sony Music Entertainment User reviews3.4K Review Top review Meh, highly overrated - not even close to "the best" Marvel movie The cinematography of this film was just OK with some obvious bad CGI, and one would come to expect something better from a Marvel superhero film (as shown by the budget). The directing was fairly decent. The story was ok, but nothing overly exciting. Way too much spotlight on the Black Panther conflict here. I feel the story would have been better told had there been another villain. The acting also seemed either way too overboard for some of the characters, while others under-performed. Nevertheless, enjoyable, but certainly not even close to "the best" Marvel movie. It's only a 6/10 from me. helpful•316 326 Top_Dawg_Critic Feb 14, 2018 Details Edit Release date March 9, 2018 (China) Countries of origin United States South Africa Official sites Marvel (United States) Official Disney+ Hotstar Languages English Swahili Nama Xhosa Korean Also known as Chiến Binh Báo Đen Filming locations Iguazú Waterfalls, Misiones, Argentina Production companies Marvel Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $200,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $700,426,566 Opening weekend US & Canada $202,003,951 Feb 18, 2018 Gross worldwide $1,347,597,973 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 14 minutes Sound mix Dolby Atmos Auro 11.1 Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas Nov 17Variety Film + TV Link Tank: Why the MCU Needs to Embrace Comic-Accurate X-Men Costumes Nov 16Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.