Blackadder Goes Forth (TV Series 1989) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096548?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=8864f709-366d-451d-a5ea-4fbefad53ee0&pf_rd_r=FZ9X627X731M1SK188Q1&pf_rd_s=center-15&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=india.tv&ref_=fea_india_ss_tv_india_tr_glotv_cap_pri_4
Blackadder Goes Forth (TV Series 1989) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Blackadder Goes Forth TV Series 19891989 TV-PGTV-PG 2h 55m IMDb RATING 8.8/10 51K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,154 493 Episode guide Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics All topics ComedyWar Stuck in the middle of World War I, Captain Edmund Blackadder does his best to escape the banality of the war.Stuck in the middle of World War I, Captain Edmund Blackadder does his best to escape the banality of the war.Stuck in the middle of World War I, Captain Edmund Blackadder does his best to escape the banality of the war. IMDb RATING 8.8/10 51K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,154 493 Stars Rowan Atkinson Tony Robinson Stephen Fry Top credits Stars Rowan Atkinson Tony Robinson Stephen Fry See production, box office & company info 80User reviews 10Critic reviews See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated TV #59 Awards 3 wins total Episodes6 Browse episodes TopTop-rated 1 Season 1989 Photos90 Top cast Edit Rowan Atkinson Captain Edmund Blackadderas Captain Edmund Blackadder6 episodes6 eps • 1989 Tony Robinson Private S Baldrickas Private S Baldrick6 episodes6 eps • 1989 Stephen Fry General Sir Anthony Cecil Hogmanay Melchettas General Sir Anthony Cecil Hogmanay Melchett6 episodes6 eps • 1989 Hugh Laurie Lieutenant The Honourable George Colthurst St. Barleighas Lieutenant The Honourable George Colthurst St. Barleigh6 episodes6 eps • 1989 Tim McInnerny Captain Kevin Darlingas Captain Kevin Darling6 episodes6 eps • 1989 Gabrielle Glaister Driver Parkhurstas Driver Parkhurst2 episodes2 eps • 1989 Jeremy Hardy Corporal Perkinsas Corporal Perkins1 episode1 ep • 1989 Rik Mayall Squadron Commander Lord Flasheartas Squadron Commander Lord Flasheart1 episode1 ep • 1989 Geoffrey Palmer Field Marshal Haigas Field Marshal Haig1 episode1 ep • 1989 Miranda Richardson Nurse Maryas Nurse Mary1 episode1 ep • 1989 Adrian Edmondson Baron von Richthovenas Baron von Richthoven1 episode1 ep • 1989 Stephen Frost Corporal Jonesas Corporal Jones1 episode1 ep • 1989 Bill Wallis Brigadier Smithas Brigadier Smith1 episode1 ep • 1989 Hugo Blick Lieutenant von Gerhardtas Lieutenant von Gerhardt1 episode1 ep • 1989 Lee Cornes Private Fraseras Private Fraser1 episode1 ep • 1989 Paul Mark Elliott Private Robinsonas Private Robinson1 episode1 ep • 1989 Jeremy Gittins Private Tipplewickas Private Tipplewick1 episode1 ep • 1989 Russell Brook British Solideras British Solider1 episode1 ep • 1989 All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 Blackadder the Third 8.6 Blackadder II 8.0 The Black Adder 7.6 Blackadder Back & Forth 8.0 Blackadder's Christmas Carol 8.7 Fawlty Towers 8.0 Blackadder: The Cavalier Years 7.9 Blackadder Rides Again 8.6 Father Ted 8.8 Monty Python's Flying Circus 8.9 Only Fools and Horses.... 8.6 Yes Minister Storyline Edit It is 1917, and lunatic General Sir Anthony Cecil Hogmanay Melchett is leading the British troops at the front lines against the Germans, while everyone waits for Field Marshall Haig's big push. There are various emotions throughout the camp about it. For Captain Kevin Darling, Melchett's bull-dog-like right-hand man, it makes no difference, as it appears he will be safe and sound with the general when the big push occurs. For Lieutenant George Colhurst Saint Barleigh, he is overly excited at thrashing the Germans. For Private S. (probably for Sod-Off) Baldrick, it's a terrifying experience he is not looking forward to. For Captain Edmund Blackadder, however, it's something he's too cowardly to face. Self-centered, arrogant, and sarcastic, Blackadder is always constantly searching for a way out of this silly war, and will try various, often crazy, variations on escape, all of which will take a turn he never expected. Sharing a dugout with George and Baldrick, his main obstacle for escape is Darling, who will ensure everyone is present for the big push. —Bloggers! world war one20th centurybritish comedy1910sbritish soldier38 more Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Comedy War Certificate TV-PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Tim McInnerny's character was originally named Captain Cartwright. Stephen Fry had the idea to change it to Darling (named after a boy at his school) and created a running gag which is frequently used throughout the series. Goofs Throughout the series, Blackadder and George, both front-line officers in the trenches, are show with their rank insignia displayed on their cuffs, whereas Melchett and Darling, staff officers, are shown with their rank insignia on their shoulders. In reality, this would have been reversed: Cuff insignia was the standard, but front-line officers were allowed to wear theirs on their shoulders to make them less conspicuous to snipers. Shoulder insignia eventually became an army-wide personal option in 1917, and made permanent in 1920 when the cuff insignia was abolished completely. Quotes Lieutenant George: But this is brave, splendid and noble... [Blackadder doesn't react - there's a long pause] Lieutenant George: ...Sir Captain Blackadder: Yes, Lieutenant. Lieutenant George: I'm scared, sir Private Baldrick: I'm scared too, sir Lieutenant George: I'm the last of the tiddly-winking leapfroggers from the golden summer of 1914. I don't want to die... I'm really not over keen on dying at all, sir. Captain Blackadder: How are you feeling, Darling? Captain Darling: Ahm- not all that good, Blackadder. Rather hoped I'd get through the whole show, go back to work at Pratt and Sons, keep wicket for the Croydon Gentlemen, marry Doris. Made a note in my diary on the way here. Simply says: "Bugger". Captain Blackadder: Well, quite. [Outside: "Stand to, stand to, fix bayonets"] Captain Blackadder: Come on, come on, let's move. [at the door, Blackadder turns to George] Captain Blackadder: Don't forget your stick Lieutenant Lieutenant George: Rather, sir. Wouldn't want to face a machine gun without this. [they walk into the misty trench, waiting for the off - suddenly there is silence - the machine guns stop] Captain Darling: I say, listen - our guns have stopped. Lieutenant George: You don't think... Private Baldrick: Perhaps the war's over. Perhaps it's peace. Captain Darling: Thank God. We lived through it. The Great War, 1914 to 1917. Captain Darling, Private Baldrick, Lieutenant George: Hip hip hooray! Captain Blackadder: I'm afraid not. The guns have stopped because we are about to attack. Not even our generals are mad enough to shell their own men. They feel it's more sporting to let the Germans do it. Lieutenant George: So, we are, in fact, going over. This is, as they say, it? Captain Blackadder: Yes, unless I can think of something very quickly. [a voice shouts 'Company, one pace forward.' They all step forward] Private Baldrick: There's a nasty splinter on that ladder, sir. A bloke could hurt himself on that. [another call: "Stand ready" - they put their hands on the ladders ready to climb] Private Baldrick: I have a plan, sir. Captain Blackadder: Really Baldrick? A cunning and subtle one? Private Baldrick: Yes, sir. Captain Blackadder: As cunning as a fox who's just been appointed Professor of Cunning at Oxford University? Private Baldrick: Yes, sir. [another call: "On the signal, Company will advance"] Captain Blackadder: Well, I'm afraid it's too late. Whatever it was, I'm sure it was better than my plan to get out of here by pretending to be mad. I mean, who would have noticed another madman round here? [a whistle blows he looks at Baldrick] Captain Blackadder: Good luck, everyone. [Blackadder blows his whistle, there is a roar of voices as everyone leaps up the ladders, meeting the machine gun fire] Crazy credits In the opening credits, Captains Blackadder and George lead a battalion in parade past General Melchett and Captain Darling (with Private Baldrick in the marching band playing a triangle). The closing credits are a grainy 1920s newsreel of the same battalion heading into battle, with Melchett and Darling walking casually but quickly in the other direction... Connections Featured in The Story of Bean (1997) Soundtracks British Grenadier (uncredited) Traditional (incorporated in the theme) User reviews80 Review Top review 9/10 A True History Lesson This forth and final series is perhaps the best of all the Black Adder episodes; it is also more of a tragi-comedy than just plain old slapstick perhaps because at the time (1989) the events of WW1 were very much in the minds of a lot of people, whether it be surviving soldiers or relatives. As such there was some controversy when it was first broadcast by the BBC for its apparent lack of respect to those who fought and lost their lives for the sake of freedom & democracy. However, in retrospect, this isn't strictly true because even with Episode One there is a tangible shift in tone from previous Black Adder series. Yes some of the slapstick tomfoolery is still there, mainly at the expense of poor gormless Private Baldrick. But in addition a lot of the supposedly funny lines do have quite serious undertones, and bely the real truth of the sheer lunacy & farce that went on during the real war. For those that know their 20th Century history, WW1 was seen as a complete disaster for all and sundry, especially for the British soldiers in the trenches, primarily because they were being commanded & told how to fight a war by the most repulsive upper-class morons that call themselves Generals that ever wore a uniform. This was plainly represented by the bumbling fool, General Melchett (a wonderfully bemusing performance from Stephen Fry). Melchett simply has no idea of what life really is like for the troops on the front-line while he prattles on 35 miles behind the front-line in some safe palatial mansion where the most dangerous hazard to his life is whether he can unscrew a cork out of a champagne bottle without it hitting him in the face. Melchett is a complete buffoon but only Captain Blackadder realises this; everyone else thinks the General knows what he is doing purely because of his rank & social standing. So it is no wonder that Blackadder wants to mutiny because it's a hard choice deciding who the real enemy is - the Germans or his own Generals. For example:- General Melchett: Are you looking forward to the big push? Private Baldrick: No sir, I'm absolutely terrified. General Melchett: The healthy humour of the honest, Tommy. Don't worry my boy, if you should falter, remember that Captain Darling and I are behind you. Edmund Blackadder: About thirty-five miles behind you. This dark humour is wonderfully interwoven with the usual witty lines thanks largely to the writers, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton. It is typically anti-war but with good reason, as Blackadder declares in one episode:- "with 50,000 men being killed every week who is going to miss one dead pigeon!" The madness of this war also draws our attention to those very same front-line troops such as Blackadder, Baldrick & Lieutenant George. Their living conditions are disgusting & the fear of being shot or bombed out of their trench a very real possibility. The humour is just an adjunct to the real horrors that are going on in their lives, and this is beautifully concluded in the very sad finale. No longer did the critics argue this series lacked any respect because come the final few minutes of Episode Six we were treated to the sad demise of all those soldiers fading into time and replaced by the infamous poppy fields that strewn Northern France. Blackadder Goes Forth is far more intelligent than a lot of sitcoms; the writing and acting is exceptionally good, and also underpins the true human sacrifice the millions of soldiers gave to their King & country while the smug & arrogant Generals went home to more medals, honours and riches than ever before. School children of today find reading about history boring & not very relevant. But thanks to this series I am sure young & old alike will find this far more interesting, absorbing, damming & shocking than any written word on the subject could ever say. War Is Hell! ****/***** helpful•99 9 Sonatine97 Aug 25, 2002 Details Edit Release date September 28, 1989 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official site BBC (United Kingdom) Language English Also known as Blackadder Filming locations Colchester Garrison, Colchester, Essex, England, UK Production company British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 55 minutes Color Color Sound mix Stereo Aspect ratio 1.33 : 1 Related news ‘Mr. Bean’ Actor Rowan Atkinson Weighs in on ‘Cancel Culture,’ Teases New Film Jan 5Variety Film + TV ‘Home’: How An Immigration Comedy Set In A Parochial British Town Snagged Ben Stiller For An NBC Remake Feb 5Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Italian language plot outline for Blackadder Goes Forth (1989)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Add episode More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.