Blade Runner (1982) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083658/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_172
Blade Runner (1982) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Blade Runner 19821982 RR 1h 57m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 729K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 206 30 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:02 9 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysterySci-Fi A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator.A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator.A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 729K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 206 30 Director Ridley Scott Writers Hampton Fancher(screenplay) David Webb Peoples(screenplay) Philip K. Dick(novel "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?") Stars Harrison Ford Rutger Hauer Sean Young Top credits Director Ridley Scott Writers Hampton Fancher(screenplay) David Webb Peoples(screenplay) Philip K. Dick(novel "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?") Stars Harrison Ford Rutger Hauer Sean Young See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 277Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #172 Nominated for 2 Oscars 12 wins & 19 nominations total Videos9 Trailer 1:02 Blade Runner Clip 1:40 A Guide to the Films of Ridley Scott Clip 1:08 Remembering Rutger Hauer Clip 3:24 'Super Mario Bros.' 25 Years Later: Why the Movie Is Nothing Like the Game Interview 1:36 Natalie Dormer's Movies for All Five Senses Video 4:33 What Roles Has Harrison Ford Turned Down? Video 2:05 'Blockers' Movie Emoji Game Video 0:51 Film Fight Club: New York vs. Los Angeles Video 2:17 Shot for Shot: 'Blade Runner 2049' v 'Blade Runner' Photos274 Top cast Edit Harrison Ford Rick Deckardas Rick Deckard Rutger Hauer Roy Battyas Roy Batty Sean Young Rachaelas Rachael Edward James Olmos Gaffas Gaff M. Emmet Walsh Bryantas Bryant Daryl Hannah Prisas Pris William Sanderson J.F. Sebastianas J.F. Sebastian Brion James Leon Kowalskias Leon Kowalski Joe Turkel Dr. Eldon Tyrellas Dr. Eldon Tyrell Joanna Cassidy Zhoraas Zhora James Hong Hannibal Chewas Hannibal Chew Morgan Paull Holdenas Holden Kevin Thompson Bearas Bear John Edward Allen Kaiseras Kaiser Hy Pyke Taffey Lewisas Taffey Lewis Kimiko Hiroshige Cambodian Ladyas Cambodian Lady Bob Okazaki Howie Leeas Howie Lee (as Robert Okazaki) Carolyn DeMirjian Salesladyas Saleslady Director Ridley Scott Writers Hampton Fancher(screenplay) David Webb Peoples(screenplay) Philip K. Dick(novel "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Remembering Rutger Hauer (1944-2019) Remembering Rutger Hauer (1944-2019) We celebrate the life and legacy of Rutger Hauer, the award-winning actor best known for Blade Runner and The Hitcher.Watch the video 1:08 More like this 8.0 Blade Runner 2049 8.4 Alien 8.1 Mad Max: Fury Road 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.1 Jurassic Park 7.0 2036: Nexus Dawn 8.3 Aliens 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.5 Terminator 2: Judgment Day 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 8.1 The Truman Show Storyline Edit In the early twenty-first century, the Tyrell Corporation, during what was called the Nexus phase, developed robots, called "replicants", that were supposed to aid society, the replicants which looked and acted like humans. When the superhuman generation Nexus 6 replicants, used for dangerous off-Earth endeavors, began a mutiny on an off-Earth colony, replicants became illegal on Earth. Police units, called "blade runners", have the job of destroying - or in their parlance "retiring" - any replicant that makes its way back to or created on Earth, with anyone convicted of aiding or assisting a replicant being sentenced to death. It's now November, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. Rick Deckard, a former blade runner, is called out of retirement when four known replicants, most combat models, have made their way back to Earth, with their leader being Roy Batty. One, Leon Kowalski, tried to infiltrate his way into the Tyrell Corporation as an employee, but has since been able to escape. Beyond following Leon's trail in hopes of finding and retiring them all, Deckard believes part of what will help him is figuring out what the replicants wanted with the Tyrell Corporation in trying to infiltrate it. The answer may lie with Tyrell's fail-safe backup mechanism. Beyond tracking the four, Deckard faces a possible dilemma in encountering a fifth replicant: Rachael, who works as Tyrell's assistant. The issue is that Dr. Elden Tyrell is experimenting with her, to provide her with fake memories so as to be able to better control her. With those memories, Rachael has no idea that she is not human. The problem is not only Rachael's assistance to Deckard, but that he is beginning to develop feelings for her. —Huggo tech noircyberpunkpolice detectivehuman android relationshipfemale android277 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A Futuristic Vision Perfected [2007 Final Cut] Genres Drama Mystery Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Sir Ridley Scott and director of photography Jordan Cronenweth achieved the famous "shining eyes" effect by using a technique invented by Fritz Lang known as the "Schüfftan Process": light is bounced into the actors' and actresses' eyes off of a piece of half mirrored glass mounted at a forty-five-degree angle to the camera. Goofs (at around 14 mins) Bryant tells Deckard that six replicants escaped from an Off-World colony. One was killed trying to break into Tyrell's, and the others escaped. However, there are only four replicants in the film (Roy, Leon, Zhora and Pris); if one goes by Bryant's dialogue, there should be five. This infamous goof has been corrected in the 2007 Final Cut where Bryant now says that two replicants were killed trying to break into Tyrell's. Quotes Batty: I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time... like tears in rain... Time to die. Crazy credits In the "happy ending" Theatrical/International cuts, the credits play over the gorgeous scenery. In later Director/Final cuts, they play over a normal black background. Alternate versions All U.S video tape releases before January 1993 are the unrated version and contain the extra violence in the Euro-release that's not seen in the 117 minute American theatrical release: When Roy attacks Tyrell we clearly see him pushing his thumbs into Tyrell's eyes, and blood spurting out When Pris (Daryl Hannah) attacks Deckard, she reaches down and grabs him by the nostrils When Deckard shoots Pris, he shoots 3 times instead of 2 When Roy pushes the nail through his hand, there is a shot of the nail coming through the skin on the other side. Connections Edited into Hollywood Burn (2006) Soundtracks Harps of the Ancient Temples Composed by Gail Laughton Performed by Gail Laughton Courtesy of Laurel Records User reviews1.6K Review Top review Ridley's scifi masterpiece is one of the greatest films ever Blade Runner is considered one of the greatest science fiction films ever made and it is easy to see why. Deeply thematic, rich characters, a fantastic script and nuanced performances toppled with some of the greatest cinematography ever put on film this is a film version of the mona lisa- every frame can be hung on a wall. Ridley Scott, fresh off the success of Alien is in top form and Blade Runner will be the film he will always be remembered for. Harrison Ford is competent as Deckard and anyone expecting him to be the usual dashing hero will be disappointed. Rutger Hauer steals the show as head replicant Roy Batty. The noir look of the film has inspired so many movies and video games since there isn't really a point talking about it- you have to see it to believe it. One of the greatest films ever made. Period. helpful•10 1 alexisphelps Nov 6, 2018 FAQ45 If you can spot a replicant by looking at their eyes then why bother doing the test? Is 'Blade Runner' based on a book? When and where does the story take place? Details Edit Release date June 25, 1982 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Warner Bros. (United States) Languages English German Cantonese Japanese Hungarian Arabic Korean Also known as 银翼杀手 Filming locations Bradbury Building - 304 S. Broadway, Downtown, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies The Ladd Company Shaw Brothers Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $28,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $32,868,943 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,150,002 Jun 27, 1982 Gross worldwide $41,676,878 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 57 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news "Blade Runner: Black Lotus" Nov 16SneakPeek Johannes Roberts Nov 16Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Blade Runner (1982)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.