Blow-Up (1966) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060176/
Blow-Up (1966) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Blow-Up 19661966 Not RatedNot Rated 1h 51m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 60K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,878 194 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:13 2 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysteryThriller A fashion photographer unknowingly captures a death on film after following two lovers in a park.A fashion photographer unknowingly captures a death on film after following two lovers in a park.A fashion photographer unknowingly captures a death on film after following two lovers in a park. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 60K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,878 194 Director Michelangelo Antonioni Writers Michelangelo Antonioni(story) Julio Cortázar(short story "Las babas del diablo") Tonino Guerra(screenplay) Stars David Hemmings Vanessa Redgrave Sarah Miles Top credits Director Michelangelo Antonioni Writers Michelangelo Antonioni(story) Julio Cortázar(short story "Las babas del diablo") Tonino Guerra(screenplay) Stars David Hemmings Vanessa Redgrave Sarah Miles See production, box office & company info 309User reviews 151Critic reviews 82Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 8 wins & 11 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:15 Official Trailer Trailer 2:13 Blow-Up Photos107 Top cast Edit David Hemmings Thomasas Thomas Vanessa Redgrave Janeas Jane Sarah Miles Patriciaas Patricia John Castle Billas Bill Jane Birkin The Blondeas The Blonde Gillian Hills The Brunetteas The Brunette Peter Bowles Ronas Ron Veruschka von Lehndorff Verushkaas Verushka (as Verushka) Julian Chagrin Mimeas Mime Claude Chagrin Mimeas Mime Jeff Beck Self - The Yardbirdsas Self - The Yardbirds (uncredited) Roy Beck Boy dancing In Ricki Tick Clubas Boy dancing In Ricki Tick Club (uncredited) Charlie Bird Homeless Manas Homeless Man (uncredited) Susan Brodrick Antique shop owneras Antique shop owner (uncredited) Robin Burns Homeless Manas Homeless Man (uncredited) Tsai Chin Thomas's receptionistas Thomas's receptionist (uncredited) Julio Cortázar Homeless Manas Homeless Man (uncredited) Chris Dreja Self - The Yardbirdsas Self - The Yardbirds (uncredited) Director Michelangelo Antonioni Writers Michelangelo Antonioni(story) (screenplay) Julio Cortázar(short story "Las babas del diablo") Tonino Guerra(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.9 L'avventura 8.0 La notte 7.8 L'eclisse 7.6 Professione: reporter 7.6 Il deserto rosso 7.0 Zabriskie Point 8.0 8½ 7.8 À bout de souffle 7.6 Le mépris 8.0 La dolce vita 8.0 Vivre sa vie: Film en douze tableaux 7.7 Belle de jour Storyline Edit A successful mod photographer in London whose world is bounded by fashion, pop music, marijuana, and easy sex, feels his life is boring and despairing. Then he meets a mysterious beauty, and also notices something frightfully suspicious on one of his photographs of her taken in a park. The fact that he may have photographed a murder does not occur to him until he studies and then blows up his negatives, uncovering details, blowing up smaller and smaller elements, and finally putting the puzzle together. —Anonymous photographerfashion photographerswinging londonblow upcover up74 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Michelangelo Antonioni's first British film Genres Drama Mystery Thriller Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Among the homeless men whose photos were taken by the David Hemmings character is Julio Cortázar, who wrote the original short story on which "Blow-Up (1966)" is based. Goofs During the scene where Thomas is frolicking with the two girls on the purple paper backdrop in the studio, two crew members including a camera operator can be clearly seen just sitting there in the top right side of the frame. Quotes Thomas: Nothing like a little disaster for sorting things out. Alternate versions Some of the music was rescored for the Warner DVD release, namely the latter part of the opening title music. The VHS releases' music remain intact. Connections Featured in Film Review: How I Learned to Live with Being a Star (1967) Soundtracks Main Title (Blow-Up) Written and Performed by Herbie Hancock User reviews309 Review Top review You always miss something I would recommend that people who are considering watching this film for the first time not read the following. I don't mention the film's ending, I just believe its far more satisfying to let the films potent details nervously sink into place on their own. It is not about cameras. It is not about seeing. It is about our perception of our individual world. It throws shadows on the very judgments we build our lives upon. Without mentioning the obvious references to illusion (the mimes, the abstract picture of the corpse, etc.), I offer the following expert signposts Antonioni leaves for us to find. 1) The guitar neck David snatches at the rave-up has value only until he is not being chased for it, whereupon he discards it in the street. The pedestrian who then picks it up sees it only as junk. 2) Dialogue with his model friend at the pot party: DAVID - ` I thought you were in Paris.' THE GIRL - `I am'. 3) Appearances and Disappearance (2 of the many). The Lynn Redgrave character pops up as he arrives at his apartment. His question `How did you find me' is not explained. Later in the story, it is notably odd when David wakes up the following morning after the pot party that there is no one to be seen in the party house. Even the decorations like the clothes hung on the statue the night before have vanished. 4) David teaches the affectations of smoking to the woman. She must create an impression. 5) His painter friend describes his painting. `They don't mean anything to me while I work on them. Its only later that I ascribed something to them. Like this leg.' Whereupon he points out a place in a painting that might be a human leg. When he paints, he is tapping subconscious language, something apart from subjective and objective reality. Its as if Antonioni is offering us an even further vantage point to the events to come, dream reality. 6) The rambling diversion of events shows David's inability to `focus' on working through his mystery. 7) So much is hidden from the viewer. Its almost suggested that the real end to the narrative takes place someplace after the movie has already finished, jarring our sense of story, insinuating an ending we never get to `see'. 8) David announces at one point to his friend, `If only I had more money I'd be all right.'. Meanwhile he drives through the whole movie in his Rolls Royce. This is a very remarkable film. I was irked by the pacing and the diversions as I watched it, but that was exactly why it all kept coming and coming at me for hours after until finally in bed it all rushed through me like a gorgeous musical event. I know for certain there are many more hidden corners to it, but this is what I got in my first viewing. Just that gut feeling that I missed something, I believe, is exactly where Antonioni was going. You always miss something. helpful•284 71 joegerardi Aug 4, 2000 FAQ1 What kind of car was Thomas driving? Details Edit Release date September 26, 1967 (Italy) Countries of origin United Kingdom Italy Official sites Criterion HBOMAX Language English Also known as 放大 Filming locations Maryon Park, Woolwich Road, Charlton, London, England, UK Production company Carlo Ponti Production See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,800,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $6,066 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 51 minutes Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Zabriskie Point Nov 10Trailers from Hell ‘It’s a Declaration of Love,’ Says Charlotte Gainsbourg About Her Film Dedicated to Mom Jane Birkin Oct 29Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Blow-Up (1966)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.