Bringing Down the House (2003) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0305669/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Bringing Down the House (2003) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Bringing Down the House 20032003 PG-13PG-13 1h 45m IMDb RATING 5.6/10 36K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,058 849 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:15 4 Videos 99+ Photos Comedy When a lonely guy meets a woman on the internet who happens to be in prison, she breaks out to get him to prove her innocence, and proceeds to wreak havoc on his middle-class life.When a lonely guy meets a woman on the internet who happens to be in prison, she breaks out to get him to prove her innocence, and proceeds to wreak havoc on his middle-class life.When a lonely guy meets a woman on the internet who happens to be in prison, she breaks out to get him to prove her innocence, and proceeds to wreak havoc on his middle-class life. IMDb RATING 5.6/10 36K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,058 849 Director Adam Shankman Writer Jason Filardi Stars Steve Martin Queen Latifah Eugene Levy Top credits Director Adam Shankman Writer Jason Filardi Stars Steve Martin Queen Latifah Eugene Levy See production, box office & company info 234User reviews 122Critic reviews 39Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 13 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:15 Bringing Down the House Clip 1:12 Bringing Down the House: 10th Anniversary Edition Clip 1:35 Bringing Down the House: 10th Anniversary Edition Clip 0:51 Bringing Down the House: 10th Anniversary Edition Photos117 Top cast Edit Steve Martin Peter Sandersonas Peter Sanderson Queen Latifah Charlene Mortonas Charlene Morton Eugene Levy Howie Rottmanas Howie Rottman Joan Plowright Virginia Arnessas Virginia Arness Jean Smart Kate Sandersonas Kate Sanderson Kimberly J. Brown Sarah Sandersonas Sarah Sanderson Angus T. Jones Georgey Sandersonas Georgey Sanderson Missi Pyle Ashleyas Ashley Michael Rosenbaum Todd Gendleras Todd Gendler Betty White Mrs. Klineas Mrs. Kline Steve Harris Widowas Widow Jim Haynie Ed Tobiasas Ed Tobias Aengus James Mikeas Mike Jernard Burks Widow's Bodyguardas Widow's Bodyguard Bronzell Miller Widow's Bodyguardas Widow's Bodyguard Matt Lutz Aaronas Aaron Randy Oglesby FBI Agentas FBI Agent Jesse Corti Italian FBI Agentas Italian FBI Agent Director Adam Shankman Writer Jason Filardi All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.5 Last Holiday 5.6 Beauty Shop 4.5 Taxi 5.9 Just Wright 5.8 Mad Money 5.5 The Out-of-Towners 6.1 HouseSitter 6.3 Shopgirl 5.8 Novocaine 6.7 Tumbleweeds 5.8 Sgt. Bilko 6.3 A Simple Twist of Fate Storyline Edit Peter Sanderson (Steve Martin) is a divorced, straight-laced, uptight attorney who still loves his ex-wife and can't figure out what he did wrong to make her leave him. However, Peter's trying to move on, and he's smitten with a brainy, bombshell lawyer with whom he's been chatting on-line. However, when she comes to his house for their first face-to-face, she isn't refined, isn't Ivy League, and isn't even a lawyer. Instead, it's Charlene Morton (Queen Latifah), a prison escapee who's proclaiming her innocence and wants Peter to help her clear her name. But Peter wants nothing to do with her, prompting the loud and shocking Charlene to turn Peter's perfectly ordered life upside down, jeopardizing his effort to get back with his wife, and win a billion-dollar client. —Sujit R. Varma william shakespeare characterlawyerdivorcevillain arrestedspanking62 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Everything he needed to know about life, she learned in prison. Genre Comedy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for language, sexual humor and drug material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to the DVD commentary, the house in which Kate Sanderson (Jean Smart) lives is the same house from Father of the Bride (1991), also starring Steve Martin. Goofs When Peter takes Mrs. Arness, her dog William, and golf caddy out for a game of golf, there seems to be an extra player in their foursome. In the golf cart, sitting just behind the four, is a woman wearing a hat, taking off her socks. The woman is dressed exactly like Mrs. Arness. The woman then disappears entirely after Mrs. Arness takes a swing (she is Mrs. Arness' stunt double). Quotes Howie Rottman: I'd like to dip you in Cheez Wiz and spread you all over a Ritz cracker, if I'm not being too subtle. Charlene Morton: Boy, you some kinda freaky! Howie Rottman: Oh, you have no idea. You got me straight trippin', boo! Crazy credits Thanks to residents of McCadden Place. Connections Featured in BET Comedy Awards (2004) Soundtracks A Man and a Woman (Un Homme et une Femme) Music by Francis Lai French lyrics by Pierre Barouh English lyrics by Jerry Keller Performed by Gene Merlino and Melissa MacKay User reviews234 Review Top review 5/10 Very Funny and Very Enjoyable Bringing Down the House is a very funny movie and your bound to have a good time. Peter Sanderson (Steve Martin) is a lawyer who is having trouble getting his life back on track after his wife, Kate ( Jean Smart), divorces him; he's also adjusting to his new status as a single father. Peter tries an internet dating site and virtually meets "lawyer-girl," an attractive and single fellow attorney. Peter makes a date with her, but the woman who arrives at his door turns out to be Charlene Morton (Queen Latifah), who not only isn't a lawyer, she turns out to be an escaped convict. Charlene explains to Peter that she's strung him along because she's innocent of the crime for which she was convicted, and she needs a top-notch attorney to help prove her case. After some persuasion, Peter agrees to help Charlene out. Though the plot sounds stupid, the execution turned out to be really funny. The story is a little weak though and they could have worked a little more on that. The movie isn't very realistic so you shouldn't go in expecting one. The cast is great and they make this somewhat old material funny. The funniest person is Eugene Levy and he is finally getting the recognition he deserves. Steve Martin returns for his first wide release film in four years. He doesn't disappoint and gives a very funny performance. Queen Latifah is also funny, but she also starts getting annoying by the end of the movie. Jean Smart plays the ex wife of Peter and she's pretty good. The rest of the supporting cast includes Kimberly J. Brown, Joan Plowright, Betty White and Missi Pyle. Adam Shankman directs and this is a large improvement over A Walk to Remember. The racist jokes in the film are a little outdated and sometimes this film does go over the top. I still laughed though as some of the dialog in this film is very funny. While this isn't he funniest film of 2003, its still worth watching. Its 105 minutes long and it starts getting a little boring since they add some unnecessary things. Another good thing about this film is that they didn't use all the jokes in the preview. In the end, this film is worth watching even if its not very memorable. Rating 7.4/10, a funny comedy that's worth checking out. helpful•19 6 christian123 May 17, 2005 Details Edit Release date March 7, 2003 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as JailBabes.com Filming locations 166 S McCadden Pl., Hancock Park, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Touchstone Pictures Hyde Park Films Mandeville Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $33,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $132,716,677 Opening weekend US & Canada $31,101,026 Mar 9, 2003 Gross worldwide $164,729,679 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘Schitt’s Creek’ Star Eugene Levy Signs With UTA (Exclusive) Nov 9Variety Film + TV Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Bringing Down the House (2003) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.