Bronson (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1172570/?ref_=tt_eds_center-3_ecw_nsp_th_lk
Bronson (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Bronson 20082008 RR 1h 32m IMDb RATING 7.1/10 126K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,194 29 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play clip4:13 The Rise of Tom Hardy 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionBiographyCrime A young man who was sentenced to seven years in prison for robbing a post office ends up spending three decades in solitary confinement. During this time, his own personality is supplanted b... Read allA young man who was sentenced to seven years in prison for robbing a post office ends up spending three decades in solitary confinement. During this time, his own personality is supplanted by his alter-ego, Charles Bronson.A young man who was sentenced to seven years in prison for robbing a post office ends up spending three decades in solitary confinement. During this time, his own personality is supplanted by his alter-ego, Charles Bronson. IMDb RATING 7.1/10 126K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,194 29 Director Nicolas Winding Refn Writers Brock Norman Brock(screenplay) Nicolas Winding Refn(screenplay) Stars Tom Hardy Kelly Adams Luing Andrews Top credits Director Nicolas Winding Refn Writers Brock Norman Brock(screenplay) Nicolas Winding Refn(screenplay) Stars Tom Hardy Kelly Adams Luing Andrews See production, box office & company info 214User reviews 240Critic reviews 71Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 7 nominations Videos2 Trailer 0:58 Bronson Clip 4:13 The Rise of Tom Hardy Photos121 Top cast Edit Tom Hardy Charles Bronsonas Charles Bronson… Kelly Adams Ireneas Irene Luing Andrews Hysterical Screwas Hysterical Screw Katy Barker Julieas Julie Gordon Brown Screwas Screw Amanda Burton Charlie's Mumas Charlie's Mum Mark Devenport Nurse 1as Nurse 1 (as Mark Davenport) Paul Donnelly Screwas Screw Andrew Forbes Charlie's Dadas Charlie's Dad Jon House Webberas Webber Matt King Paul Danielsas Paul Daniels James Lance Philas Phil Holly Lucas Young Manas Young Man Juliet Oldfield Alisonas Alison Jonny Phillips Prison Governoras Prison Governor Mark Powley Andy Loveas Andy Love… Hugh Ross Uncle Jackas Uncle Jack Andrew St. John Workshop Supervisoras Workshop Supervisor Director Nicolas Winding Refn Writers Brock Norman Brock(screenplay) Nicolas Winding Refn(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.9 Legend 7.1 Locke 7.3 Lawless 7.1 The Drop 6.1 Valhalla Rising 5.7 Only God Forgives 7.4 Pusher 7.3 Pusher III 7.4 Pusher II 6.8 Bleeder 6.0 Fear X 4.2 Jekyll + Hyde Storyline Edit In 1974, a hot-headed 19 year old named Michael Peterson decided he wanted to make a name for himself and so, with a homemade sawn-off shotgun and a head full of dreams he attempted to rob a post office. Swiftly apprehended and originally sentenced to seven years in jail, Peterson has subsequently been behind bars for 34 years, 30 of which have been spent in solitary confinement. During that time, Michael Petersen, the boy, faded away and 'Charles Bronson,' his superstar alter ego, took center stage. Inside the mind of Bronson - a scathing indictment of celebrity culture. —Anonymous male full frontal nudityprisonsadismart teacherbrutality211 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Man. The Myth. The Celebrity. Genres Action Biography Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violent and disturbing content, graphic nudity, sexuality and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Charles Bronson was not allowed to see the film, but said that if his mother liked it, that would be enough for him. According to Refn, his mother loved it. In 2011 Bronson was finally allowed to see the film and called it "theatrical, creative and brilliant". Goofs At (11:00) The tutor asks Charles "What's the matter, Charlie?" But in this stage of the story Charles Bronson still had his original name Michael Peterson. He had not yet changed his name to Charles Bronson. Quotes Charles Bronson: [Real Life Charles Bronson Quote] How would you feel, waking up in the morning without a window? My window is a steel grid, I 'ave to put my lips against that steel grid and suck in air, that's my morning... 'cause I got no air in my cell. I have to eat, sleep and crap in that room twenty-three hours of a twenty-four hour day. You tell me, what human being deserves that? Apart from the stinking paedophile or a child killer. I don't deserve that, I done nothing on this planet to deserve that. My bed is four inches off the floor, it's a concrete bed, my toilet hasn't even got a seat on it or a lid, and I 'ave to live like this month after month after month, and the way it's looking it's year after year after year. Now is that's right then so be, but let somebody else 'ave a fucking go at it, 'cause I've had twenty-six years of this bollocks and it's time to come out, and I want the jury at my trail to come and see how I'm living. But I'm not living, I'm existing. Connections Featured in The Rotten Tomatoes Show: Zombieland/A Serious Man/Whip It (2009) Soundtracks Va pensiero (Chorus of the Hebrew Slaves) from Verdi's Nabucco Written by Giuseppe Verdi Performed by Orchestra e Coro del Teatro alla Scala (as Chorus and Orchestra of La Scala, Milan) Conducted by Lovro von Matacic Licensed courtesy of EMI Records Limited User reviews214 Review Top review 6/10 "Bronson" Can you really produce a biopic about the theatrical brutality of Britain's most dangerous prisoner and not incite comparisons to Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange?" The trailer for Nicholas Winding Refn's "Bronson" spouts the likeness triumphantly with a quote attributed to Damien McSorley for the publication, "Zoo." Surely Kubrick is a flattering filmmaker to have your humble work compared to, though like American director Wes Anderson, who borrows all the style of the man but none of the content, "Bronson" is a film with an air of grandiosity and very little in the way of actual story. Kubrick's film, based on the novel by Anthony Burgess, has a Dickensian plot that doubles back on characters and scenarios established in the first act, leaving nothing unchanged by the end of the third. It's a comparison under which "Bronson" unfavorably suffers: well directed, impeccably performed, but completely devoid of structure. I don't mean to undersell the above compliments, however. Tom Hardy as lowly criminal Michael Peterson and his imprisoned superstar alter ego Charles Bronson, displays a remarkable, feral intensity in the role, spitting meaty, cockney chunks of dialogue with a truly disquieting voracity. And Hardy makes a perfect match for Refn: both share a larger- than-life approach to their craft. The director's visual audacity is never more sublimely paired with Hardy's performance than during Bronson's intermittent narrations; snippets of a surreal one-man stage show for some great, unseen audience. The cutaways recall the feel of Alex's presentation following the successful administration of the ludovico technique in "Clockwork Orange." Swooping crane and sweeping dolly shots, along with some fantastic locations, also evoke Kubrick's directorial sentiments, as does the more obvious accompaniment of classical score to key sequences. Unfortunately, the failure of "Bronson" is not only that there's very little dramatically to be done with a man who spends the better part of his life in solitary confinement, but that beyond a vague notoriety, Peterson's ultimate goal is never particularly clear. The ending of the film is startling in its abruptness given that the scene seems interchangeable with any number of the fights Bronson picks over the course of the film. It doesn't feel a particularly epic brawl, and by that point, the tedium of Bronson's outbursts, battles, and increasingly severe punishments had worn me (though it could maybe be called a statement on the nature of desensitizing cinema--in that respect a reverse "Clockwork Orange") into a sleepy passivity. The film is nevertheless a step the right direction for the usually-schlocky and hyper- masculine Refn, but "Bronson" still wants for the substantiality that makes great films great films. It isn't likely to inspire any further meditation on its subject beyond perhaps provoking a curiosity about the man himself in those intrigued but unsatisfied with the screenplay's frugal allocation of hard data and social context. But despite the film's inability to make clear its greater thematic intent, I don't think "Bronson" is a perversely violent film or that it exists solely as a fetishistic idol to counterculture, as some will likely label it, and have labeled Kubrick's masterpiece. Its beautiful cinematography (courtesy Larry Smith, interestingly enough, the lighting cameraman for Kubick's own "Eyes Wide Shut") and stellar lead may make it a worthwhile rental next year, but as it stands, "Bronson" is a precautionary tale. It's a film that has everything going for it except the the thing that matters most: its story. And you don't need to be Stanley Kubrick to figure that out. helpful•37 19 colinrgeorge Apr 6, 2010 Details Edit Release date March 13, 2009 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United Kingdom Cayman Islands Denmark United States Languages English Spanish Also known as Бронсон Filming locations Welbeck Abbey, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England, UK Production companies Vertigo Films Aramid Entertainment Fund Str8jacket Creations See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $230,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $104,979 Opening weekend US & Canada $10,940 Oct 11, 2009 Gross worldwide $2,260,712 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 32 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news “Fun and Madness:” How Tom Hardy Shaped ‘Venom: Let There Be Carnage’ Sep 29The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV As ‘Drive’ Turns 10, Its Composer and Key Songwriter Recall the Film’s Innovative Soundtrack Sep 16Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Bronson (2008)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.