Buffalo Bill and the Indians or Sitting Bull's History Lesson (1976) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074254/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Buffalo Bill and the Indians or Sitting Bull's History Lesson (1976) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Buffalo Bill and the Indians or Sitting Bull's History Lesson 19761976 PGPG 2h 3m IMDb RATING 6.1/10 4.5K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:21 1 Video 99+ Photos ComedyWestern A cynical Buffalo Bill hires Sitting Bull to exploit him and add his credibility to the distorted view of history presented in his Wild West Show.A cynical Buffalo Bill hires Sitting Bull to exploit him and add his credibility to the distorted view of history presented in his Wild West Show.A cynical Buffalo Bill hires Sitting Bull to exploit him and add his credibility to the distorted view of history presented in his Wild West Show. IMDb RATING 6.1/10 4.5K YOUR RATING Rate Director Robert Altman Writers Arthur Kopit(suggested by the play "Indians" by) Alan Rudolph(screen story) Robert Altman(screen story) Stars Paul Newman Joel Grey Kevin McCarthy Top credits Director Robert Altman Writers Arthur Kopit(suggested by the play "Indians" by) Alan Rudolph(screen story) Robert Altman(screen story) Stars Paul Newman Joel Grey Kevin McCarthy See production, box office & company info 48User reviews 42Critic reviews 61Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win Videos1 Trailer 2:21 Official Trailer Photos112 Top cast Edit Paul Newman The Star (William 'Buffalo Bill' Cody)as The Star (William 'Buffalo Bill' Cody) Joel Grey The Producer (Nate Salisbury)as The Producer (Nate Salisbury) Kevin McCarthy The Publicist (Maj. John Burke)as The Publicist (Maj. John Burke) Harvey Keitel The Relative (Ed Goodman)as The Relative (Ed Goodman) Allan F. Nicholls The Journalist (Prentiss Ingraham)as The Journalist (Prentiss Ingraham) (as Allan Nicholls) Geraldine Chaplin The Sure Shot (Annie Oakley)as The Sure Shot (Annie Oakley) John Considine The Sure Shot's Manager (Frank Butler)as The Sure Shot's Manager (Frank Butler) Robert DoQui The Wrangler (Oswald Dart)as The Wrangler (Oswald Dart) (as Robert Doqui) Mike Kaplan The Treasurer (Jules Keen)as The Treasurer (Jules Keen) Bert Remsen The Bartender (Crutch)as The Bartender (Crutch) Bonnie Leaders The Mezzo-Contralto (Margaret)as The Mezzo-Contralto (Margaret) Noelle Rogers The Lyric-Coloratura (Lucille DuCharme)as The Lyric-Coloratura (Lucille DuCharme) Evelyn Lear The Lyric-Soprano (Nina Cavallini)as The Lyric-Soprano (Nina Cavallini) Denver Pyle The Indian Agent (McLaughlin)as The Indian Agent (McLaughlin) Frank Kaquitts The Indian (Sitting Bull)as The Indian (Sitting Bull) Will Sampson The Interpreter (William Halsey)as The Interpreter (William Halsey) Ken Krossa The Arenic Director (Johnny Baker)as The Arenic Director (Johnny Baker) Fred N. Larsen The King of the Cowboys (Buck Taylor)as The King of the Cowboys (Buck Taylor) Director Robert Altman Writers Arthur Kopit(suggested by the play "Indians" by) Alan Rudolph(screen story) (screenplay) Robert Altman(screen story) (screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.0 Thieves Like Us 7.1 A Wedding 6.1 Fool for Love 7.0 Brewster McCloud 5.9 A Perfect Couple 6.2 Ten Tall Men 6.1 American Guerrilla in the Philippines 5.1 Quintet 5.7 HealtH 6.4 40 Pounds of Trouble 5.9 The Quick Gun 6.3 Sebastian Storyline Edit Buffalo Bill plans to put on his own Wild West sideshow, and Chief Sitting Bull has agreed to appear in it. However, Sitting Bull has his own hidden agenda, involving the President and General Custer. —Jonathan Broxton <j.w.broxton@sheffield.ac.uk> wild west showstage show1880snative americanfemale gunfighter56 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines The wildest Wild West show of them all ! Genres Comedy Western Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The full-length portrait of Buffalo Bill astride his horse, that appears several times in the film, is based closely on a similar portrait by the French artist Rosa Bonheur, which hangs in the Buffalo Bill Historical Center in Cody, Wyoming. Goofs There is a flag on the flagpole. All 3 flags have 48 stars on them. The flag with 48 stars didn't come about until 1912. Quotes William Halsey: Great Father, Sitting Bull has waited to ask you a very simple thing for his people. President Grover Cleveland: Mr. Halsey, I remind you that in government, nothing is simple. Crazy credits Robert Altman's Absolutely Unique and Heroic Enterprise of Inimitable Lustrel Connections Featured in Luck, Trust & Ketchup: Robert Altman in Carver Country (1993) User reviews48 Review Top review 5/10 Minor Misfire The best part of "Buffalo Bill And The Indians, Or Sitting Bull's History Lesson" is the first ten to 15 minutes. We join a Wild West show rehearsal circa 1885, and watch as its staff work at creating a show that takes itself a little too seriously. The feeling of observing a real, living thing comes across, only a bit funnier than reality. "Tell Joy not to get on the horse in back," mutters the show's MC, Salisbury (Joel Grey) regarding an actress playing a white woman abducted by Indians. "It looks fake. We're in the authentic business." Later, Salisbury shoots down a band's idea of real frontier music as "too Ukrainian." All this is easy to miss when so much is going on at once, while horses nearly run down a pedestrian in the foreground. This is a Robert Altman film, after all, or "Robert Altman's Absolutely Unique and Heroic Enterprise of Inimitable Lustre!" as it bills itself. As Jeff Lebowski might say, Altman's not into that whole brevity thing here. A two-hour extravaganza, "Buffalo Bill" stars Paul Newman as Bill and makes its points about how show business and American mythmaking became one with repetitive, haymaker swings. The end result is a comedy that's not that funny and a social statement that's not that convincing, but Altman's secret sauce of a busy camera and piquant performances makes for a pleasant if shapeless affair. Newman's something of a disappointment, giving less a performance than a caricature. I get the feeling he was directed by Altman to just play a slightly older and more pompous Hud with a goatee. He fills out Bill by drinking rotgut from a schooner, loving and spurning a succession of opera singers who never stop singing in frame, and watching over his stardom with a kind of prissy defensiveness that belies his self-cultivated frontier image. He can be a joy to watch still, working his eyes and playing to his mirror, maybe winking at the audience about what they expect from him as both Bill and Paul. If only he had better material. "You ain't changed, Bill." "I ain't supposed to. That's why people pay to see me." There's also the business of his dealing with the Wild West Show's newest star attraction, Sitting Bull (Frank Kaquitts), which gives the story much of its social perspective. Bill thinks of Bull as an ungrateful pet who needs cultivation in "the show business," while Bull thinks Bill sells lies in the guise of history. Hence the "history lesson," which feels shoehorned in from a more socially committed source play. Altman wants to tell that story, but most times he'd rather have fun with the show-making part, and while you are watching this, you wish he'd cut loose and do just that. The film succeeds in short bursts, though the eccentric casting choices Altman throws at you here don't work as well as they did in his other films. Geraldine Chaplin as Annie Oakley? Harvey Keitel as Bill's nerdy nephew? Some Altman vets like Robert DoQui and Allan F. Nicholls are barely in the film while stars like Newman, Keitel, and Burt Lancaster get longer spotlight time. John Considine is fun as Annie's flinchy husband, "the handsomest human target in the West," though that running joke, like so many others, is plugged more times than one of Annie's nickels. I was impressed also by Kevin McCarthy's publicist character, not only for the juiciness of his grandiloquent performance but the magnitude of his handlebar mustache. "Buffalo Bill" takes a lot of time saying a good deal less than it thinks. But the spectacle of "the show business" and the minor bits of Altman kookiness and sardonic commentary around the edges keep this a diverting if underfilling entertainment. helpful•7 3 slokes Feb 8, 2011 Details Edit Release date June 24, 1976 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson Filming locations Stoney Indian Reservation, Alberta, Canada Production companies Dino De Laurentiis Company Lion's Gate Films Talent Associates-Norton Simon See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,000,000 (estimated) See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 3 minutes Color Color Sound mix 4-Track Stereo Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Marlee Matlin, Jamie Dornan, Harvey Keitel Among 2021 Napa Valley Film Festival Honorees Oct 28Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Buffalo Bill and the Indians or Sitting Bull's History Lesson (1976) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.