Bully (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0242193/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Bully (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Bully 20012001 TV-MATV-MA 1h 48m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 37K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,971 539 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:41 1 Video 99+ Photos BiographyCrimeDrama A pack of naïve teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much.A pack of naïve teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much.A pack of naïve teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 37K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,971 539 Director Larry Clark Writers Jim Schutze(book "Bully: A True Story of High School Revenge") David McKenna(screenplay) Roger Pullis(screenplay) Stars Brad Renfro Nick Stahl Bijou Phillips Top credits Director Larry Clark Writers Jim Schutze(book "Bully: A True Story of High School Revenge") David McKenna(screenplay) Roger Pullis(screenplay) Stars Brad Renfro Nick Stahl Bijou Phillips See production, box office & company info 354User reviews 81Critic reviews 45Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 1 nomination Videos1 Trailer 1:41 Bully (2001) Photos165 Top cast Edit Brad Renfro Marty Puccioas Marty Puccio Nick Stahl Bobby Kentas Bobby Kent Bijou Phillips Ali Willisas Ali Willis Rachel Miner Lisa Connellyas Lisa Connelly Michael Pitt Donny Semenecas Donny Semenec Leo Fitzpatrick The Hitmanas The Hitman Kelli Garner Heather Swallersas Heather Swallers Daniel Franzese Cousin Derekas Cousin Derek Nathalie Paulding Claudiaas Claudia Jessica Sutta Blondeas Blonde Ed Amatrudo Mr. Kentas Mr. Kent (as Edward Amatrudo) Steve Raulerson Mr. Willisas Mr. Willis (as Steven Raulerson) Judy Clayton Mrs. Willisas Mrs. Willis (as Judith Clayton) Alan Lilly Mr. Puccioas Mr. Puccio Irene B. Colletti Mrs. Puccioas Mrs. Puccio Elizabeth Dimon Mrs. Connellyas Mrs. Connelly Ru Flynn Hitman's Motheras Hitman's Mother Jo-Aynne Von Born Claudia's Motheras Claudia's Mother Director Larry Clark Writers Jim Schutze(book "Bully: A True Story of High School Revenge") David McKenna(screenplay) Roger Pullis(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 Kids 6.5 Another Day in Paradise 6.0 Wassup Rockers 6.7 Gummo 4.9 The Smell of Us 5.8 Bully 5.2 Marfa Girl 3.4 Teenage Caveman A Day in a Life 7.4 Bully 4.8 Marfa Girl 2 7.2 Mean Creek Storyline Edit After finding himself at the constant abuse of his best friend Bobby, Marty has become fed up with his friend's twisted ways. His girlfriend, a victim of Bobby's often cruel ways, couldn't agree more and they strategize murdering Bobby with a group of willing and unwilling participants in a small Florida town. In the midst of their plotting, they contemplate the possible aftermath. —MonkeyKingMA crueltyrevengebullyrape victimbully comeuppance297 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines It's 4 a.m... do you know where your kids are? Genres Biography Crime Drama Certificate TV-MA Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Brad Renfro was arrested during filming for attempting to steal a yacht. Goofs Ali constantly refers to her Mustang as a "5.0" which is completely impossible for two reasons. One has been pointed out, the 5.0 wasn't available in the 99 to 04 Mustangs, the last time a 5.0 was available in a Mustang was 94-95. To further this mistake Ali's Mustang isn't even represented by the V8 of that generation, but rather the v6 option. Quotes Donny: Shit, I never knew nobody who killed somebody. Alice 'Ali' Willis: Me neither. Heather: Just my grandpa. I never knew him. Yeah. My grandpa was a bad drunk. Really bad. He'd rape anyone dumb enough to walk by his room and one night... he got... um, really pissed at my grandma and he took a claw hammer to her face. And, uh, after that, he just... he locked himself up with her in his room for two whole days and he kept drinking and having sex with her after she was dead. My mom was in the house the whole time. Donny: Fuck. Heather: She was only 15. Alice 'Ali' Willis: Holy shit. Heather: You know, it really messed with her head. After that, she only hung out with guys who beat the hell out of her. And when I was little, she'd get drunk and she'd drag me and my brother out of bed at, like, four in the morning and she had all the news clippings about my grandpa and the trial transcriptions and she'd read them over and over again. And I knew every word before kindergarten. I think that's how I learned to read. Crazy credits While this Picture is based upon the book "Bully: A True Story of High School Revenge" written by Jim Schutze, some of the characters and persons have been composited, invented and recreated and a number of incidents have been fictionalized, emphasized and exaggerated for dramatic effect. Alternate versions The version shown on Cinemax is the edited R-rated version of the film and while most of the sex remains, the more explicit shots are removed. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Score/Legally Blonde/Bully/Scary Movie 2 (2001) Soundtracks Who Dat Performed by J.T. Money (as JT Money) featuring Solé (as Sole) Written by Christopher Stewart, Thabiso Nkhereanye (as Thabiso Nkhereanya), Solé (as Tonya Johnston), J.T. Money (as Jeffrey Tompkins), Diandre Davis JT Money appears courtesy of Freeworld Entertainment/Priority Records Sole appears courtesy of Dreamworks Records Published by Music of Windswept o/b/o Honey from Missouri and Hitco South, Famous Music o/b/o itself Tunes on the Verge of Insanity and Mo Better Grooves Music (ASCAP), WB Music Corp. o/b/i itself and Tony Mercedes Music (ASCAP), Money Man Music, LLC (BMI), Dre All Day Music (ASCAP) User reviews354 Review Top review I had a nightmare about this film I loved the way Kid's presented itself when it was first released, if I had it my way then that film would be shown to all the kids in high school's all over the world because the reality of what is going on in each character really hits home when watching this and I think it might make a lot of young kids think before what they do. Anyway that was my introduction to Larry Clark and the amazing Leo Fitzpatrick and when I had heard not long ago that these two got together and made another harrowing teen film called Bully I just had to watch it but apart of me wishes I didn't watch it because I scared me in a way because of how real it was. Leo Fitzpatrick is not the lead star in this one though, this one is left to Brad Renfro (Marty) and Nick Stahl (Bobby) who are two best friends who live in world where they sell phone sex for gay people and make homosexual films to sell to porn shops, just you're average teenager of course, but Bobby is a dominating friend towards Marty and Marty just breaks and decides with his vulnerable girlfriend that they should kill Bobby so he won't be a problem in their lives, from there we are taken into this dark tale of teenage revenge. There is a big build to what happens in this film and that's what makes it harrowing viewing because you just don't know what is going to happen. But by the time the film had ended I straight away bombarded the internet with information about the real happening of what actually went on. Overall this is Larry Clark's best work to date and it opens you up to a whole new world of talented actors and a director that should be praised more about his work. This is not the sort of film that finishes and you go on with what you are doing, it will stay in your head for a while and will leave wanting more in way because you really feel that you want the film to go on a bit longer to know more about these fascinating characters. helpful•17 8 oneflewovertheapocalypse Feb 22, 2004 FAQ1 What were the real life sentences of the perpetrators? Details Edit Release date December 12, 2001 (France) Countries of origin United States France United Kingdom Language English Also known as Napasnik Filming locations Lauderhill, Florida, USA Production companies StudioCanal Lions Gate Films Muse Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $480,811 Opening weekend US & Canada $47,502 Jul 15, 2001 Gross worldwide $704,808 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 48 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Bully (2001) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.