Burn After Reading (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0887883/?ref_=nm_flmg_msdp_28
Burn After Reading (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Burn After Reading 20082008 RR 1h 36m IMDb RATING 7.0/10 322K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,934 402 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:48 18 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyCrimeDrama A disk containing mysterious information from a CIA agent ends up in the hands of two unscrupulous and daft gym employees who attempt to sell it.A disk containing mysterious information from a CIA agent ends up in the hands of two unscrupulous and daft gym employees who attempt to sell it.A disk containing mysterious information from a CIA agent ends up in the hands of two unscrupulous and daft gym employees who attempt to sell it. IMDb RATING 7.0/10 322K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,934 402 Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen Ethan Coen Stars Brad Pitt Frances McDormand George Clooney Top credits Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen Ethan Coen Stars Brad Pitt Frances McDormand George Clooney See production, box office & company info 679User reviews 348Critic reviews 63Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 8 wins & 32 nominations total Videos18 Trailer 1:48 Burn After Reading Trailer 0:33 Burn After Reading Clip 1:56 A Guide to the Films of the Coen Brothers Clip 0:53 Burn After Reading Clip 0:43 Burn After Reading Clip 0:36 Burn After Reading Clip 0:50 Burn After Reading Clip 0:36 Burn After Reading Clip 0:30 Burn After Reading Clip 0:38 Burn After Reading Featurette 1:20 Tilda Swinton in Burn After Reading Featurette 1:49 Brad Pitt in Burn After Reading Photos168 Top cast Edit Brad Pitt Chad Feldheimeras Chad Feldheimer Frances McDormand Linda Litzkeas Linda Litzke George Clooney Harry Pfarreras Harry Pfarrer John Malkovich Osborne Coxas Osborne Cox Tilda Swinton Katie Coxas Katie Cox Richard Jenkins Tedas Ted Elizabeth Marvel Sandy Pfarreras Sandy Pfarrer David Rasche CIA Officer Palmer DeBakey Smithas CIA Officer Palmer DeBakey Smith J.K. Simmons CIA Superioras CIA Superior (as JK Simmons) Olek Krupa Krapotkinas Krapotkin Michael Countryman Alanas Alan Kevin Sussman Tuchman Marsh Manas Tuchman Marsh Man J.R. Horne Divorce Lawyeras Divorce Lawyer (as JR Horne) Hamilton Clancy Peckas Peck Armand Schultz Olsonas Olson Pun Bandhu Party Guestas Party Guest Karla Mosley Party Guestas Party Guest Jeffrey DeMunn Cosmetic Surgeonas Cosmetic Surgeon Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen Ethan Coen All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 A Serious Man 7.7 O Brother, Where Art Thou? 7.6 True Grit 6.3 Hail, Caesar! 7.7 Barton Fink 7.5 Inside Llewyn Davis 7.3 The Ballad of Buster Scruggs 7.5 The Man Who Wasn't There 7.7 Miller's Crossing 7.3 Raising Arizona 7.9 In Bruges 8.1 Fargo Storyline Edit Osbourne Cox, a Balkan expert, resigned from the CIA because of a drinking problem, so he begins a memoir. His wife wants a divorce and expects her lover, Harry, a philandering State Department marshal, to leave his wife. A CD-ROM falls out of a gym bag at a Georgetown fitness center. Two employees there try to turn it into cash: Linda, who wants money for cosmetic surgery, and Chad, an amiable goof. Information on the disc leads them to Osbourne who rejects their sales pitch; then they visit the Russian embassy. To sweeten the pot, they decide they need more of Osbourne's secrets. Meanwhile, Linda's boss likes her, and Harry's wife leaves for a book tour. All roads lead to Osbourne's house. —<jhailey@hotmail.com> dark comedystupidityfarceinternet datingblack comedy161 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Intelligence is relative. Genres Comedy Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for pervasive language, some sexual content and violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The Coen Brothers (Joel Coen & Ethan Coen) wrote the character Osborne Cox with John Malkovich in mind. Brad Pitt's character was also written with the actor in mind, inspired by a commercial for which he suffered a similar haircut and dye job. Indeed, the Coen Brothers noted at a Q&A session at the Venice Film Festival that all the leading characters were written for all the leading actors, with the exception of Tilda Swinton. Goofs When the CIA supervisor opens & closes a file marked "Top Secret", the file's cover sheet is outlined in red. This is an error because the cover sheet of all "Top Secret" classified files is outlined in orange. Red is saved for the cover sheets of all classified files marked "Secret" and blue is used for the cover sheets of all classified files marked "Confidential". Quotes Osbourne Cox: I have a drinking problem? Fuck you, Peck, you're a Mormon. Compared to you we ALL have a drinking problem! Crazy credits As usual, the Coen Brothers edited this film under the pseudonym Roderick Jaynes Connections Featured in De wereld draait door: Episode #4.10 (2008) Soundtracks My Eyes Adored You (1974) Written by Bob Crewe and Kenny Nolan Sung by George Clooney User reviews679 Review Top review The Coens' funniest film since "The Big Lebowski" I'm not the only one to notice the pattern in the Coens' filmography: "Blood Simple." was followed by "Raising Arizona", "Fargo" by "The Big Lebowski", and "No Country for Old Men" by "Burn After Reading". The main concern one had about this film is whether it would be an "Intolerable Cruelty" or a "Big Lebowski" for the Coens. Let's put it this way: the reviews have been mixed, especially from major mainstream media critics. Guess what other Coen comedy received mixed reviews and was accused of being a somewhat tired mess? Yep, "The Big Lebowski". The Coens' sense of humor is very distinctive, and I'm not talking about stuff like "Intolerable Cruelty" (this one the mainstream media liked, go figure) and "The Ladykillers", which featured numerous commercial concessions. I'm talking about the vicious, cruel, misanthropic farce that gets self-important critics' knickers in a twist. Describing "Burn After Reading" as a screwball spy farce makes it sound much more "Austin Powers" than it is. There is a lot of silliness, but the sort of silliness one finds in a Howard Hawks comedy, not in most comedies that have been made recently. It's a screwball comedy but a pretty dark one. This is most certainly an acquired taste. It is not going to go down well with people who can't laugh at murder, things going terribly wrong for innocent people, or the Cones' trademark dialogue that pops up even in 'serious' movies like "Fargo" and "No Country for Old Men". However, "Burn After Reading" was seemingly tailor-made for my cruel sense of humor, as I found it to be easily the most inspired comedy script in a long time. It's a conspiracy espionage thriller with no stakes, nothing to fight over, a bunch of complete fools and idiots caught in the middle of it ("a league of morons" if you listen to John Malkovich's character), and disastrous consequences for just about everyone. Take out the jokes and you could have a tragedy but as it stands this is the funniest movie the Coens have made since "The Big Lebowski", if not the best, and that includes "O Brother, Where Art Thou?". One really shouldn't know anything about the plot or how it unfolds prior to seeing it, as this is a film which is far more intricately-plotted than most critics are giving it credit for. The basic concept is that Frances McDormand and Brad Pitt's characters come across a disc they think contains top secret intelligence. What follows is, as described above, a thriller with no stakes and a bunch of idiots. It's one of those movies where you really shouldn't be laughing (for ethical reasons) but are, and it will have you laughing through your disapproval for basically the entirety of the film after the opening fifteen minutes or so, which are rough in comparison to the rest of the film, and to be honest the only thing that keeps this film from being absolutely brilliant and the Coens' best movie since "Lebowski". Just don't go in expecting a movie that looks as beautiful as many of their movies do- Lubezki is no Deakins, at least not based on his work here, and the Coens are very clearly attempting to emulate in many ways the look of the sort of thriller they're basing this on. It's functional, well-shot, and well-directed, but the writing and acting are the main attractions here. Of course, "Burn After Reading" will be dismissed as having little worth and for being a disposable farce by many. Well, if only they knew how hard it is to do comedy well. I'd reckon this was harder to write than the (admittedly tremendous) "No Country for Old Men", which was adapted from a novel that might as well have been a screenplay if formatted correctly. The movie may not start brilliantly (not that it isn't good even early on), but once the Coens start firing on all cylinders they never stop, and the dream cast certainly doesn't either (Brad Pitt has a smaller role than most cast members here, but he is absolutely brilliant in the role), showing tremendous comic skill that few would have guessed most of them had. The final scene may very well be one of the best I have seen in a long, long time. "What a clusterf-ck!", indeed. 9/10 helpful•455 226 ametaphysicalshark Sep 12, 2008 FAQ5 Is "Burn After Reading" based on a book? Were Osborne Cox's memoirs on the disc? What are the songs from the trailer? Details Edit Release date September 12, 2008 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom France Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as Quémese después de leerse Filming locations Bronx Community College - University Avenue at West 181 Street, Bronx, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Focus Features StudioCanal Relativity Media See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $37,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $60,355,347 Opening weekend US & Canada $19,128,001 Sep 14, 2008 Gross worldwide $163,728,902 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 36 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news George Clooney-Brad Pitt Project Lands at Apple With Jon Watts Directing Sep 30Variety Film + TV Apple Lands Jon Watts Thriller Starring George Clooney, Brad Pitt Sep 29The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Burn After Reading (2008)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.