C'era una volta il West (1968) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064116/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_49
C'era una volta il West (1968) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In C'era una volta il West 19681968 PG-13PG-13 2h 45m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 316K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,092 24 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:02 1 Video 99+ Photos Western A mysterious stranger with a harmonica joins forces with a notorious desperado to protect a beautiful widow from a ruthless assassin working for the railroad.A mysterious stranger with a harmonica joins forces with a notorious desperado to protect a beautiful widow from a ruthless assassin working for the railroad.A mysterious stranger with a harmonica joins forces with a notorious desperado to protect a beautiful widow from a ruthless assassin working for the railroad. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 316K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,092 24 Director Sergio Leone Writers Sergio Donati(screenplay by) Sergio Leone(screenplay by) Dario Argento(from a story by) Stars Henry Fonda Charles Bronson Claudia Cardinale Top credits Director Sergio Leone Writers Sergio Donati(screenplay by) Sergio Leone(screenplay by) Dario Argento(from a story by) Stars Henry Fonda Charles Bronson Claudia Cardinale See production, box office & company info 784User reviews 160Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #49 Awards 4 wins & 5 nominations Videos1 Trailer 3:02 Once Upon A Time In The West Photos218 Top cast Edit Henry Fonda Frankas Frank Charles Bronson Harmonicaas Harmonica Claudia Cardinale Jill McBainas Jill McBain Jason Robards Manuel 'Cheyenne' Gutiérrezas Manuel 'Cheyenne' Gutiérrez Gabriele Ferzetti Morton - Railroad Baronas Morton - Railroad Baron Paolo Stoppa Samas Sam Woody Strode Stony - Member of Frank's Gangas Stony - Member of Frank's Gang Jack Elam Snaky - Member of Frank's Gangas Snaky - Member of Frank's Gang Keenan Wynn Sheriff - Auctioneeras Sheriff - Auctioneer Frank Wolff Brett McBainas Brett McBain Lionel Stander Barmanas Barman Livio Andronico Bit partas Bit part (uncredited) Salvatore Basile Member of Cheyenne's Gangas Member of Cheyenne's Gang (uncredited) Aldo Berti Member of Frank's Gang Playing Pokeras Member of Frank's Gang Playing Poker (uncredited) Joseph Bradley Train Station Masteras Train Station Master (uncredited) Frank Braña Member of Frank's Gang Smoking Pipe at Auctionas Member of Frank's Gang Smoking Pipe at Auction (uncredited) Marilù Carteny Mourner at Brett McBain's Funeralas Mourner at Brett McBain's Funeral (uncredited) Saturno Cerra Member of Frank's Gang on Trainas Member of Frank's Gang on Train (uncredited) Director Sergio Leone Writers Sergio Donati(screenplay by) Sergio Leone(screenplay by) (from a story by) Dario Argento(from a story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 8.2 Per qualche dollaro in più 8.3 Once Upon a Time in America 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.0 Per un pugno di dollari 8.6 Shichinin no samurai 8.5 Casablanca 8.5 Rear Window 7.6 Giù la testa 8.5 City Lights 8.4 Paths of Glory 8.5 Nuovo Cinema Paradiso Storyline Edit Jill McBain travels to the wild frontier, Utah, where she and her new husband planned to settle down, but upon arrival, she finds him and his children dead. There's a lot of land, and potential, but there are also those who want to take it--at any cost. Even if it means killing a man and his kids. —DrGoodBeat harmonicaformer prostitutewoman in bathtubarizona territoryyuma territorial prison189 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines There were three men in her life. One knew her past. One wanted her land. One wanted revenge. Genre Western Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for western violence and brief sensuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Henry Fonda originally turned down the role of Frank. Director Sergio Leone flew to the United States and met with Fonda, who asked why he was wanted for the film. Leone replied, "Picture this: the camera shows a gunman from the waist down pulling his gun and shooting a running child. The camera pans up to the gunman's face and...it's Henry Fonda" (until then, with one exception, Fonda had only been cast in "good guy" roles. Leone wanted the audience to be shocked). Goofs Frank goes to Morton's train and finds that dead bodies are scattered around. But the train's fireman appears not to be bothered. The engine's safety valve opens frequently, which means that the fireman dutifully keeps doing his job and keeps the boiler at maximum pressure. (The fireman and the driver never appear in the movie, but they must be there.) Quotes Harmonica: [facing three men] And Frank? Snaky: Frank sent us. Harmonica: Did you bring a horse for me? Snaky: Well... looks like we're... [snickers] Snaky: ...looks like we're shy one horse. Harmonica: [shaking head] You brought two too many. Crazy credits The film's title does not appear until the end of the final scene. Alternate versions Frank's line upon giving Harmonica his namesake varies from version to version. The Italian translates to "play something for your brother," but the most common English version is "keep your loving brother happy," and the German translates to "play me the song of death." The German movie title was inspired by this line. Connections Edited into The Clock (2010) Soundtracks Danny Boy (1913) (uncredited) Written by by Frederick Edward Weatherly Hummed and sung a cappella a bit by Simonetta Santaniello User reviews784 Review Top review 10/10 Art This is my fav film. It is more like watching a piece of art. The look is fantastic. The director does a perfect job. The acting is wonderful. The story is not the strongest ever but it should be watched to experience it. If your a film lover you can't fail but admire this film.Charles Bronson is the perfect broody loner. Henry Fonda surprises everyone by giving a strong performance as a bad guy. The close up of his eyes is stunning. The camera work and close ups have never been done better. The music is as good as anything you will find in a movie. Throw in the scenes when you first see Henry Fonda. The scene at the railway station which the water dripping on the hat. The sound of the spinning water tower. To me the closet movie to ART i have ever seen and i have seen a lot of films. helpful•98 11 daxsir Jan 21, 2016 FAQ6 Is this movie based on a book? What is the sequence of events involving the ambush of Frank in Flagstone and Cheyenne's attack on Morton's train? Why doesn't Frank kill Morton? Details Edit Release date December 21, 1968 (Italy) Countries of origin Italy United States Languages English Italian Spanish Also known as 西部往事 Filming locations Monument Valley, Arizona, USA Production companies Rafran Cinematografica San Marco Paramount Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $5,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $5,321,508 Gross worldwide $5,434,825 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘The Harder They Fall’: 6 Other Films to Watch If You Liked Netflix’s Black Western Nov 13Indiewire Before ‘The Harder They Fall’: Pioneering Black actors in Westerns Nov 8Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was C'era una volta il West (1968) officially released in Japan in Japanese?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.