C'mon C'mon (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt10986222/?ref_=inth_ov_tt
C'mon C'mon (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In C'mon C'mon 20212021 RR 1h 48m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 491 YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 227 266 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:28 3 Videos 25 Photos Drama A radio journalist embarks on a cross-country trip with his young nephew.A radio journalist embarks on a cross-country trip with his young nephew.A radio journalist embarks on a cross-country trip with his young nephew. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 491 YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 227 266 Director Mike Mills Writer Mike Mills Stars Joaquin Phoenix Gaby Hoffmann Woody Norman Top credits Director Mike Mills Writer Mike Mills Stars Joaquin Phoenix Gaby Hoffmann Woody Norman See production, box office & company info Coming soon Releases November 19, 2021 3User reviews 23Critic reviews 82Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 5 nominations Videos3 Trailer 1:28 Official Trailer 2 Trailer 1:27 Official Trailer Trailer 1:27 C'mon C'mon Photos25 Top cast Edit Joaquin Phoenix Johnnyas Johnny Gaby Hoffmann Vivas Viv Woody Norman Jesseas Jesse Scoot McNairy Paulas Paul Molly Webster Roxanneas Roxanne Jaboukie Young-White Fernas Fern Deborah Strang Carolas Carol Sunni Patterson Sunnias Sunni Jenny Eliscu Waitressas Waitress Mary Passeri Behavioral Center Nurseas Behavioral Center Nurse Brandon Rush ER Nurseas ER Nurse Brey'on Shaw Brey'onas Brey'on Todd d'Amour Parade Bystander #1as Parade Bystander #1 Beth Bartley Parade Bystander #2as Parade Bystander #2 Artrial Clark Parade Bystander #3as Parade Bystander #3 Eleanor Halm Simmons Parade Bystander #4as Parade Bystander #4 Keisuke Hoashi Dr. Horaas Dr. Hora Maximilla Lukacs Viv's Friend #1as Viv's Friend #1 Director Mike Mills Writer Mike Mills All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 Red Rocket 6.7 The Lost Daughter 6.8 King Richard 7.1 The Humans 7.9 The Souvenir: Part II 7.8 Belfast 7.5 The Tragedy of Macbeth 7.8 Doraibu mai kâ 7.3 Spencer 8.0 Mass 8.2 Verdens verste menneske 8.2 Flee Storyline Edit A radio journalist embarks on a cross-country trip with his young nephew. artist Plot summary Add synopsis Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film will be shown in entirely black and white. User reviews3 Review Top review 9/10 Intimate and Genuine "There will be so much for you to learn, and so much for you to feel. Sadness, joy, disappointment, and wonder." Mike Mills' newest feature film C'mon C'mon follows a radio journalist, Johnny, that embarks on a cross-country trip with his young nephew, Jesse. If you've seen anything by Mike Mills, you know what you're in for. My first of his was 20th Century Women, a film I adore. His district style of making films about ideas and not story either works for you or doesn't. Once he has the idea down, and they're always well thought out ideas, he creates characters from there and they interact with the world around them as is to create a slice of life story. Once again, slice of life either works for you or doesn't. Depends if you want a heightened reality or see the world for how it is everyday. C'mon C'mon takes the idea aspect very literally. Johnny's current project is going around the states and interviewing children and preteens how they see the world and what they want out of it. I do have a Q&A link that I have yet to watch, but I believe Joaquin Phoenix and the crew actually went out and interviewed actual kids. Otherwise the screenplay is that amazing and these kids are masters at acting. The part was talked about in the Q&A so I guess I'll find out. Strewn throughout the film and the entirety of the credits is audio and video recordings of these interviews. It's a really down-to-earth idea that reminds us what we should be looking at when we see our future and the future for the next generation. The screenplay is truly incredible. Yet again, does Mills write in a way that comes off so natural that you don't even know if this is scripted or not. And he directs it so intimately. The use of black and white works well in its favor, capturing the rich tones we usually don't see with the naked eye. We're close to our characters at all times. Everything feels comforting. Even the way he captures each city makes it feel like a wonderful new experience. As usual, he references many texts and songs throughout for us to remember and search for ourselves. Joaquin Phoenix finally won his Oscar for Joker almost two years ago. Personally, I think he got even better with this. Maybe it's me being one on subtle performances, but I felt a genuine human being that has found warmth and struggle in this newfound connection with his nephew. Being with him is cozy and calm, even in the most challenging moments. I think the real standout, though, is Woody Norman. When it comes to child performances, I think he just set a new standard. Not only is he British and you couldn't even tell if you tried, but he manages to embody this character to perfection. He's irritating, lovable, and all of those qualities you see within an eccentric child. His relationship with Johnny will make you laugh (he's absolutely hilarious) and cry at the best of times. Gabby Hofmann plays Viv, Jesse's mother, and though her role may be smaller, she's very good. All of the acting hits in a genuine way where you forget they're acting. This film is incredibly pleasing and has this unexplainable feeling that entranced me. Even in the slower moments and parts that felt insignificant to the plot, I enjoyed them. Every moment is meant to be cherished (yes that sounds like a Hallmark card). The very end, we have a grand monologue from Phoenix. I swear to you, it's one of the most beautiful things ever written. My eyes were dripping with tears and I was holding it together. Then, the last line hit and I just about started sobbing right there. A few other people in the audience lost it. But the screen went to black and the credits rolled. I managed to hold it together, but even half an hour after it was done (and even now), when I think about that moment I could just start crying. That's how you end a movie. C'mon C'mon captures emotion and life around us in a way like no other. I felt incredibly connected to the story and didn't want it to end. I'd love for most everybody to see this and hopefully feel as strongly as I do, because it's a visceral experience that everyone should have. helpful•10 1 sweidman-28016 Oct 27, 2021 Details Edit Release date November 19, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Language English Also known as Η ζωή συνεχίζεται Filming locations Wilshire Grand Center - 900 Wilshire Boulevard, Downtown, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies A24 Be Funny When You Can See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 48 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Deadline’s Contenders Film: Los Angeles Streaming Site Is Live Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Joaquin Phoenix Is No Longer Scared by Interviews, Thanks to ‘C’mon C’mon’ Nov 16Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Mexican Spanish language plot outline for C'mon C'mon (2021)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.