Caddyshack (1980) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080487/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Caddyshack (1980) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Caddyshack 19801980 RR 1h 38m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 112K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,846 400 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:36 3 Videos 99+ Photos ComedySport An exclusive golf course has to deal with a brash new member and a destructive dancing gopher.An exclusive golf course has to deal with a brash new member and a destructive dancing gopher.An exclusive golf course has to deal with a brash new member and a destructive dancing gopher. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 112K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,846 400 Director Harold Ramis Writers Brian Doyle-Murray Harold Ramis Douglas Kenney Stars Chevy Chase Rodney Dangerfield Bill Murray Top credits Director Harold Ramis Writers Brian Doyle-Murray Harold Ramis Douglas Kenney Stars Chevy Chase Rodney Dangerfield Bill Murray See production, box office & company info 304User reviews 87Critic reviews 48Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 nomination Videos3 Trailer 2:36 Official Trailer Trailer 2:21 Caddyshack Video 1:25 What to Watch on 4/20 With the Cast of 'Super Troopers 2' Photos231 Top cast Edit Chevy Chase Ty Webbas Ty Webb Rodney Dangerfield Al Czervikas Al Czervik Bill Murray Carl Spackleras Carl Spackler Ted Knight Judge Elihu Smailsas Judge Elihu Smails Michael O'Keefe Danny Noonanas Danny Noonan Sarah Holcomb Maggie O'Hooliganas Maggie O'Hooligan Scott Colomby Tony D'Annunzioas Tony D'Annunzio Cindy Morgan Lacey Underallas Lacey Underall Dan Resin Dr. Beeperas Dr. Beeper Henry Wilcoxon The Bishopas The Bishop Elaine Aiken Mrs. Noonanas Mrs. Noonan Albert Salmi Mr. Noonanas Mr. Noonan Ann Ryerson Graceas Grace Brian Doyle-Murray Lou Loomisas Lou Loomis Hamilton Mitchell Motormouthas Motormouth Peter Berkrot Angie D'Annunzioas Angie D'Annunzio John F. Barmon Jr. Spaulding Smailsas Spaulding Smails Lois Kibbee Mrs. Smailsas Mrs. Smails Director Harold Ramis Writers Brian Doyle-Murray Harold Ramis Douglas Kenney All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.4 National Lampoon's Vacation 7.5 National Lampoon's Animal House 6.9 Stripes 7.6 National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 6.9 Fletch 7.6 Planes, Trains & Automobiles 6.4 Spies Like Us 6.5 Three Amigos! 3.8 Caddyshack II 7.0 Uncle Buck 6.2 National Lampoon's European Vacation 7.1 Spaceballs Storyline Edit There's something fishy going on at the elitist Bushwood Country Club, and the scheming president of the clubhouse, Judge Elihu Smails, has something to do with it. But, the suave golf guru, Ty Webb, and the distasteful, filthy rich construction magnate, Al Czervik, are onto him. In the meantime, the young caddie, Danny Noonan, struggles to get his life back on track, and the only way to do it is by winning the demanding Caddie Day golf tournament; a prestigious competition that can earn him a scholarship from the judge himself. Now, war breaks out, and all bets are off. Will Danny ever make his dream come true? Does he know that a subterranean menace is threatening to put in jeopardy everyone's plans? —Nick Riganas golf coursegophercountry clubnuditypublic nudity232 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines At last, a comedy that bites! Genres Comedy Sport Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia A big hill was built from scratch for the climactic 18th-hole scene, because the country club did not want its course blown up. The pyrotechnic people used too many explosives, which completely destroyed the hill and caused planes flying by to report the explosion, as if a plane had crashed there. Goofs While Danny making that last putt effectively tied the game, meaning neither team lost nor won, Al's last-second bet of "Double or nothing he makes it" essentially negates the original bet and creates a new one. Since Judge Smails agrees to this new wager before Danny makes the putt, Smails loses the final bet and has to pay up. Quotes Carl Spackler: What an incredible Cinderella story. This unknown comes out of nowhere to lead the pack. At Augusta, he's on his final hole. He's about 455 yards away. He's going to hit about a two iron, I think. Well, he got out of that. The crowd is standing on its feet, here at Augusta. The normally reserved Augusta crowd is going wild. For this young Cinderella who's come out of nowhere, he's got about 350 yards left. He's going to hit about a five iron, l expect. Don't you think? He's got a beautiful back swing. That's - oh! He got out of that one! He's got to be pleased with that. The crowd is just on its feet here. He's a Cinderella boy. Tears in his eyes, I guess, as he lines up this last shot. He's got about 195 yards left, and he's gonna - looks like he's got about an eight iron. This crowd has gone deadly silent. Cinderella story. Out of nowhere. A former greenskeeper now about to become the Master's champion. It looks like a miraculous - it's in the hole! It's in the hole! Crazy credits Mr. Gopher - Chuck Rodent Alternate versions The candy bar scene was replaced with Ty getting on Carl's big lawnmower, which wasn't shown in the theatrical version. Connections Edited into Board James: Quija/Domino Rally (2015) Soundtracks I'm Alright Lyrics and music by Kenny Loggins Recorded by Kenny Loggins Courtesy of Columbia Records User reviews304 Review Top review 8/10 One of the only early 80s comedies to stand the test of time Yes, this one does hold up, perhaps because the action centers on the almost surreal (for a comedy) subject of golf, a topic that had not perhaps been so successfully spoofed since Eddie Cantor starred in "Kid Boots" (am I getting that one right?). In the comedy contest between Murray, Chase, and Dangerfield, let me just say that Chase does not win. Dangerfield is at his best, delivering his classic lines ("this meat's so tough you can see where the jockey was riding it") with ultimate panache and actually playing his crazy character (reminiscent of Peter Sellars in "The Party") to the hilt. Murray is really the show-stopper, though, muttering his lines to give them emphasis (?) and racing around the course with what appears to be real mania. A lot of the jokes fall flat, but when this movie is on, it's so on, that you can't help but call it a classic. helpful•41 30 funkyfry Aug 2, 2003 Details Edit Release date July 25, 1980 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Caddyshack - Wahnsinn ohne Handicap Filming locations Boca Raton Resort & Club - 501 East Camino Real, Boca Raton, Florida, USA Production company Orion Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $39,846,344 Opening weekend US & Canada $3,142,689 Jul 27, 1980 Gross worldwide $39,846,344 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘The Beta Test’ Review: A Lynchian Hollywood Satire About an Agent Struggling to Package His Own Life Nov 2Indiewire HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Caddyshack (1980) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.