Call Me by Your Name (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5726616/
Call Me by Your Name (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Call Me by Your Name 20172017 (Banned)(Banned) 2h 12m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 241K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 137 11 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:10 18 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance In 1980s Italy, romance blossoms between a seventeen-year-old student and the older man hired as his father's research assistant.In 1980s Italy, romance blossoms between a seventeen-year-old student and the older man hired as his father's research assistant.In 1980s Italy, romance blossoms between a seventeen-year-old student and the older man hired as his father's research assistant. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 241K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 137 11 Director Luca Guadagnino Writers James Ivory(screenplay by) André Aciman(based on the novel by) Stars Armie Hammer Timothée Chalamet Michael Stuhlbarg Top credits Director Luca Guadagnino Writers James Ivory(screenplay by) André Aciman(based on the novel by) Stars Armie Hammer Timothée Chalamet Michael Stuhlbarg See production, box office & company info 1.1KUser reviews 452Critic reviews 93Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 95 wins & 259 nominations total Videos18 Trailer 2:10 Call Me By Your Name Trailer 2:08 Call Me By Your Name Trailer 2:10 Official Trailer Clip 3:48 The Rise of Timothée Chalamet Clip 4:17 Bowl Cuts, Wild Accents, & an Epic Mud Battle: What to Watch After 'The King' Clip 5:06 A Guide to the Films of Luca Guadagnino Clip 2:39 IMDbrief: Best Actor Buzz: 'Beautiful' Boys Take on 'Born' Clip 1:25 North America Version Clip 0:50 Hammer Clip 2:02 Clip Clip 1:23 Clip Clip 1:04 Clip Photos446 Top cast Edit Armie Hammer Oliveras Oliver Timothée Chalamet Elioas Elio Michael Stuhlbarg Mr. Perlmanas Mr. Perlman Amira Casar Annella Perlmanas Annella Perlman Esther Garrel Marziaas Marzia Victoire Du Bois Chiaraas Chiara Vanda Capriolo Mafaldaas Mafalda Antonio Rimoldi Anchiseas Anchise Elena Bucci Bambi - Art Historianas Bambi - Art Historian Marco Sgrosso Nico - Art Historianas Nico - Art Historian André Aciman Mouniras Mounir Peter Spears Isaacas Isaac Maria Caggianelli Villani Elio's Friendas Elio's Friend (uncredited) Director Luca Guadagnino Writers James Ivory(screenplay by) André Aciman(based on the novel by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Director's Trademarks: The Films of Luca Guadagnino Director's Trademarks: The Films of Luca Guadagnino Suspiria director Luca Guadagnino takes IMDb through his approach to filmmaking, from longtime collaborator Tilda Swinton, to why he hopes he doesn't have a "style."Watch our guide to Luca's films 5:06 More like this 7.4 Lady Bird 7.3 Beautiful Boy Watch options 7.8 Little Women 7.9 The Perks of Being a Wallflower 8.0 La La Land 7.9 Marriage Story 7.3 The King 6.4 Hot Summer Nights 7.4 Moonlight 8.2 Cadillac: How Do You Drive with Scissorhands? Untitled Call Me by Your Name Sequel 7.7 Brokeback Mountain Storyline Edit CALL ME BY YOUR NAME, the new film by Luca Guadagnino, is a sensual and transcendent tale of first love, based on the acclaimed novel by André Aciman. It's the summer of 1983 in the north of Italy, and Elio Perlman (Timothée Chalamet), a precocious 17-year-old young man, spends his days in his family's 17th-century villa transcribing and playing classical music, reading, and flirting with his friend Marzia (Esther Garrel). Elio enjoys a close relationship with his father (Michael Stuhlbarg), an eminent professor specializing in Greco-Roman culture, and his mother Annella (Amira Casar), a translator, who favor him with the fruits of high culture in a setting that overflows with natural delights. While Elio's sophistication and intellectual gifts suggest he is already a fully-fledged adult, there is much that yet remains innocent and unformed about him, particularly about matters of the heart. One day, Oliver (Armie Hammer), a 24-year-old American college graduate student working on his doctorate, arrives as the annual summer intern tasked with helping Elio's father. Amid the sun-drenched splendor of the setting, Elio and Oliver discover the heady beauty of awakening desire over the course of a summer that will alter their lives forever. —Sony Pictures Classics gay romancemale male kissfather son relationshipamerican abroadgay teenager245 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Is it better to speak or die? Genres Drama Romance Certificate (Banned) Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Timothée Chalamet learned to speak Italian and play the classical piano pieces used in the film. Goofs When prof. Perlman is showing Oliver the colour slides of Greek statues sent from Berlin, the 4th one is the 'dancing satyr' which was discovered in Sicily in 1998 (the statue is displayed in a museum specially built for it in Mazara del Vallo in Sicily), while the film is set in 1983. Quotes Mr. Perlman: We rip out so much of ourselves to be cured of things faster than we should that we go bankrupt by the age of thirty and have less to offer each time we start with someone new. But to make yourself feel nothing so as not to feel anything - what a waste! Crazy credits Although the movie has a full opening credits sequence, the title of the film is not shown on screen until the end credits begin. Connections Edited into Funny or Die Presents...: Call Me by Your Twins (2018) Soundtracks Hallelujah Junction Written by John Adams (as J.C. Adams) Performed by John Adams Published by Hendon Music Inc. Administered in Italy by Casa Ricordi Srl Courtesy of Nonesuch Records By arrangement with Warner Music Italia Srl User reviews1.1K Review Top review 10/10 Truly one of the best. It doesn't take a genius to understand nor appreciate this film. It does however, take an open mind to see and feel the beauty this film has to offer. It is perfection incarnate. Never have I been so moved by a film such as this one. It was an absolute pleasure watching it. helpful•129 48 linoayumu Dec 14, 2018 Details Edit Release date January 18, 2018 (Brazil) Countries of origin Italy France United States Brazil Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Languages English Italian French German Hebrew Also known as 请以你的名字呼唤我 Filming locations Crema, Cremona, Lombardy, Italy Production companies Frenesy Film Company La Cinéfacture RT Features See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €4,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $18,095,701 Opening weekend US & Canada $412,932 Nov 26, 2017 Gross worldwide $41,888,660 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 12 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Anonymous Content Boosts Literary Department With Nick Shumaker, Kimberly Carver Hires (Exclusive) Nov 16Variety Film + TV Ed Sheeran, Yungblud, and Little Mix Are All Winners at the MTV Europe Music Awards Nov 15Popsugar.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Call Me by Your Name (2017) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.