Captain America: The First Avenger (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0458339/
Captain America: The First Avenger (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Captain America: The First Avenger 20112011 PG-13PG-13 2h 4m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 790K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 422 216 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 19 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi Steve Rogers, a rejected military soldier, transforms into Captain America after taking a dose of a "Super-Soldier serum". But being Captain America comes at a price as he attempts to take d... Read allSteve Rogers, a rejected military soldier, transforms into Captain America after taking a dose of a "Super-Soldier serum". But being Captain America comes at a price as he attempts to take down a war monger and a terrorist organization.Steve Rogers, a rejected military soldier, transforms into Captain America after taking a dose of a "Super-Soldier serum". But being Captain America comes at a price as he attempts to take down a war monger and a terrorist organization. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 790K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 422 216 Director Joe Johnston Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay) Stephen McFeely(screenplay) Joe Simon(comic books) Stars Chris Evans Hugo Weaving Samuel L. Jackson Top credits Director Joe Johnston Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay) Stephen McFeely(screenplay) Joe Simon(comic books) Stars Chris Evans Hugo Weaving Samuel L. Jackson See production, box office & company info 999User reviews 571Critic reviews 66Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 46 nominations Videos19 Trailer 2:33 Captain America: The First Avenger -- Trailer #2 Trailer 2:31 Captain America: The First Avenger -- Trailer #1 Trailer 0:33 Captain America -- Super Bowl Spot Clip 3:41 What Roles Has Chris Evans Been Considered For? Clip 10:47 How Thanos Got Six Infinity Stones in 10 Minutes Clip 0:53 "Grenade" Clip 0:56 "Rebirth" Clip 0:54 "Shield Intro" Clip 0:32 "Shield Fight" Featurette 5:36 "Marvel Studios Phase 1 & 2 - A Look Back" Featurette 1:33 "Meet the Villain" Featurette 0:58 "Meet Captain America" Photos253 Top cast Edit Chris Evans Captain Americaas Captain America… Hugo Weaving Johann Schmidtas Johann Schmidt… Samuel L. Jackson Nick Furyas Nick Fury Hayley Atwell Peggy Carteras Peggy Carter Sebastian Stan James Buchanan 'Bucky' Barnesas James Buchanan 'Bucky' Barnes Tommy Lee Jones Colonel Chester Phillipsas Colonel Chester Phillips Dominic Cooper Howard Starkas Howard Stark Richard Armitage Heinz Krugeras Heinz Kruger Stanley Tucci Dr. Abraham Erskineas Dr. Abraham Erskine Toby Jones Dr. Arnim Zolaas Dr. Arnim Zola Neal McDonough Timothy 'Dum Dum' Duganas Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan Derek Luke Gabe Jonesas Gabe Jones Kenneth Choi Jim Moritaas Jim Morita JJ Feild James Montgomery Falsworthas James Montgomery Falsworth Bruno Ricci Jacques Dernieras Jacques Dernier Lex Shrapnel Gilmore Hodgeas Gilmore Hodge Michael Brandon Senator Brandtas Senator Brandt Martin Sherman Brandt's Aideas Brandt's Aide (as Martin T. Sherman) Director Joe Johnston Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay) Stephen McFeely(screenplay) Joe Simon(comic books) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' See how Avengers: Infinity War's opening weekend stacks up at the box office against other movies in the MCU. Plus, check out how IMDb users have ranked the 19 MCU films to date.See the MCU box-office results More like this 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.0 Iron Man 2 7.9 Iron Man 7.0 Thor 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 8.0 The Avengers 7.1 Iron Man Three 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.3 Ant-Man 6.8 Thor: The Dark World 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 7.5 Doctor Strange Storyline Edit It is 1942, America has entered World War II, and sickly but determined Steve Rogers is frustrated at being rejected yet again for military service. Everything changes when Dr. Erskine recruits him for the secret Project Rebirth. Proving his extraordinary courage, wits and conscience, Rogers undergoes the experiment and his weak body is suddenly enhanced into the maximum human potential. When Dr. Erskine is then immediately assassinated by an agent of Nazi Germany's secret HYDRA research department (headed by Johann Schmidt, a.k.a. the Red Skull), Rogers is left as a unique man who is initially misused as a propaganda mascot; however, when his comrades need him, Rogers goes on a successful adventure that truly makes him Captain America, and his war against Schmidt begins. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) superherobased on comic booknazimarvel comicsscientist523 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines When patriots become heroes Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia (at around 37 mins) Hayley Atwell (Peggy Carter) surprisingly touching Chris Evans' chest, as he emerged from the pod upon turning into Captain America, was very much improvised, and the surprise on her face is genuine, as she admitted in interviews she was very taken by Chris' physique and nearly broke character and ruined the take that made it into the film as a result. Goofs (at around 42 mins) When Steve Rogers pulls Heinz out of his little submarine boat and throws him onto the dock - then climbing a ladder out of the water himself - both characters are dry. Their clothes are dry and no water is dripping on the ground beneath them. Quotes Peggy Carter: Wait! [she kisses Steve] Peggy Carter: Go get him. [surprised by the kiss, Steve looks at Colonel Phillips] Col. Chester Phillips: I'm not kissing you. Crazy credits There is a statement at the end of the closing credits: "Captain America will return in The Avengers". After that, a trailer for The Avengers (2012) is shown. Alternate versions The version of the film shows in AMC Theaters as part of a pre-Avengers Marvel Phase One marathon features an exclusive intro from Agent Coulson, talking about the film and the character. These Coulson intros were later includes as bonuses in the Avengers Phase One box set. Connections Edited into Marvel Studios: Legends: Wanda Maximoff (2021) Soundtracks Star Spangled Man Music by Alan Menken Lyrics by David Zippel Produced by Alan Menken Performed by The Star Spangled Signers User reviews999 Review Top review The best superhero movie of the year without any gimmicks I've never followed Captain America in comics though I do know a little bit of the origin. So I'm one of the people who could sit back and enjoy the movie for what it was rather than nitpick on gaps in the CA lore. The best thing about the movie is what's not in it- and that's cheap advertising gimmicks, such as a character opening a laptop to show an Apple or Sony logo, or car symbols or Coke, Pepsi or any fast food restaurant. It, however, would have been interesting to see if they could tie CA into their food products by having Marvel burgers or the American Superburger...I dislike cheap advertising tricks and thankfully this was completely avoided. Gone also was any chance of using high tech gadgets much like what was shown in Iron Man 2. I found the plot interesting- the buildup to Steve Rogers becoming Captain American was done well and very interesting. The downside would be the action sequences which I thought would be more realistic or appropriate to the time setting. Instead several sequences were more reminiscent of what Iron Man 2 felt like. As I'm not a CA follower some of the historical nods to certain symbols or the side characters themselves were lost to me but I did enjoy that Howard Stark's character was in the movie as it introduced the origin of Stark Industries and it's technologies of the future. Actingwise Chris Evans did a surprisingly good job. In Fantastic Four he was OTT and hammed a lot and was generally quite annoying. Here he's more serious, focused and determined. There were a lot less quips, something I really detest in American made super hero movies. The cheesy quips might work in graphic novels or comics but in movies it comes off as plain lame. Hugo Weaving was quite good though too- he's becoming quite popular in characters taken from literature, comics or cartoons. This is a movie for pretty much every age gap. There are no swear words (I don't even think the word damn makes it into the movie!) and no sex scenes so kids are perfectly fine to watch it. It's definitely the best superhero movie of the year and one of the better ones made entirely. I doubt that any sequel will be as good in terms of plot and story setting but in the meantime enjoy this summer gem. helpful•11 3 caiged Jul 26, 2011 FAQ12 Which characters were adapted from Marvel's Captain America comic books? Is this in the same universe as the rest of the Marvel movies? Who is the villain? Details Edit Release date September 9, 2011 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites hotstar hotstar Languages English Norwegian French Also known as 美国队长 Filming locations Manchester, Greater Manchester, England, UK Production companies Paramount Pictures Marvel Entertainment Marvel Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $140,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $176,654,505 Opening weekend US & Canada $65,058,524 Jul 24, 2011 Gross worldwide $370,569,774 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 4 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Chris Evans' "Twins" Selfie With Pup Dodger is The Cutest Doggone Thing You'll See All Day Nov 17E! Online A Captain America Without Superhuman Abilities Should be Interesting Nov 16TVovermind.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.