Captain Marvel (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4154664/?ref_=tt_trv_trv
Captain Marvel (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Captain Marvel 20192019 PG-13PG-13 2h 3m IMDb RATING 6.8/10 500K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 143 161 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:46 59 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races.Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races.Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. IMDb RATING 6.8/10 500K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 143 161 Directors Anna Boden Ryan Fleck Writers Anna Boden(screenplay by) Ryan Fleck(screenplay by) Geneva Robertson-Dworet(screenplay by) Stars Brie Larson Samuel L. Jackson Ben Mendelsohn Top credits Directors Anna Boden Ryan Fleck Writers Anna Boden(screenplay by) Ryan Fleck(screenplay by) Geneva Robertson-Dworet(screenplay by) Stars Brie Larson Samuel L. Jackson Ben Mendelsohn See production, box office & company info 7.3KUser reviews 532Critic reviews 64Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 9 wins & 52 nominations Videos59 Trailer 0:46 "Rise" TV Spot Trailer 0:31 "Ready" TV Spot Trailer 0:31 "Connection" TV Spot Trailer 0:31 "Big Game" TV Spot Trailer 1:31 Special Look Trailer 2:19 Trailer #2 Trailer 1:57 Trailer #1 Clip 4:28 How Chloe Zhao's 'Eternals' Will Change Marvel Forever Clip 5:09 A Salute to Women Directors Clip 4:56 Top Stars & Breakouts of 2019 Clip 0:59 Weekend Box Office | April 26 to 28 Clip 2:46 Which Superhero, Live Action Cartoon, & Director Are This Week's Biggest Stars? Photos896 Top cast Edit Brie Larson Carol Danversas Carol Danvers… Samuel L. Jackson Nick Furyas Nick Fury Ben Mendelsohn Talosas Talos… Jude Law Yon-Roggas Yon-Rogg Annette Bening Supreme Intelligenceas Supreme Intelligence… Djimon Hounsou Korathas Korath Lee Pace Ronanas Ronan Lashana Lynch Maria Rambeauas Maria Rambeau Gemma Chan Minn-Ervaas Minn-Erva Clark Gregg Agent Coulsonas Agent Coulson Rune Temte Bron-Charas Bron-Char Algenis Perez Soto Att-Lassas Att-Lass Mckenna Grace Young Carol (13 Years Old)as Young Carol (13 Years Old) Akira Akbar Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old)as Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old) Matthew Maher Norexas Norex Chuku Modu Soh-Larras Soh-Larr Vik Sahay Hero Torfanas Hero Torfan Colin Ford Steve Danversas Steve Danvers Directors Anna Boden Ryan Fleck Writers Anna Boden(screenplay by) (story by) Ryan Fleck(screenplay by) (story by) Geneva Robertson-Dworet(screenplay by) (story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Everything You Need To Know About 'Captain Marvel' Everything You Need To Know About 'Captain Marvel' IMDb has Captain Marvel covered with cast interviews and in-depth info about the latest Marvel movie.Watch now More like this 6.9 Captain America: The First Avenger 7.0 Ant-Man and the Wasp 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.0 Iron Man 2 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 7.3 Black Panther 7.9 Iron Man 7.0 Thor 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.3 Ant-Man 8.0 The Avengers 6.8 Thor: The Dark World Storyline Edit After crashing an experimental aircraft, Air Force pilot Carol Danvers is discovered by the Kree and trained as a member of the elite Starforce Military under the command of her mentor Yon-Rogg. Six years later, after escaping to Earth while under attack by the Skrulls, Danvers begins to discover there's more to her past. With help from S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Nick Fury, they set out to unravel the truth. —Blazer346 catsuper powers1990sbased on comicsuperhero434 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Discover what makes a (her)o. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of sci-fi violence and action, and brief suggestive language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Stan Lee passed away while the film was being edited. As a result, Marvel Studios put together the special opening logo to honor him. Goofs The plot centers around a light-speed engine that would be of immense value to one of the alien races given how fast it will allow them to travel through space. Their method of travel, however, is already drastically faster than light speed. Utilizing this engine would actually slow them down considerably. This could have been made clearer in the movie, but the FTL travel used by the Kree is a network of "jump points", essentially stable wormholes. This is the same method used in both Guardians films. The jump points exist in fixed locations and lead to other fixed locations, and their distribution is irregular. The lightspeed engine described in the film would presumably permit travel at lightspeed (or faster) directly rather than by means of jump points. This would enable trips to places that might not be readily reachable by jumps, and therefore would make a ship with such an engine much harder to track and follow for someone without such an engine. Quotes Maria Rambeau: You call me 'young lady' again, I'll shove my foot up somewhere it's not supposed to be. [awkward silence] Talos: Am I supposed to guess where that is? Nick Fury, Carol Danvers: Your ass! Crazy credits As this is the first Marvel Cinematic Universe film released after Stan Lee's death, the Marvel Studios logo features images and clips of Lee's cameos and comes with a message: "THANK YOU STAN". Alternate versions Upon presented in IMAX format, the film has an aspect ratio of 1.90:1 instead of the 2.39:1 in home media, causing the theatrical version to contain more picture detail on top and bottom than the Blu-ray/DVD releases. Connections Edited into Marvel Studios: Legends: The Tesseract (2021) Soundtracks Crazy on You Written by Ann Wilson, Nancy Wilson, and Roger Fisher Performed by Heart Courtesy of Capitol Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews7.3K Review Top review 8/10 Ignore the hate, it's a good watch Don't usually write reviews but felt like I had to say my piece after reading some of the nonsense on here. I really don't understand all these strange people who will actually take time out of their day to review a film they haven't even seen because they're DC fans. Get a grip. That aside, this isn't the best marvel film you'll ever see but nor is it the worst. Brie Larson was great and her and Sam L Jackson were a pleasure to watch together. The humour was as you'd expect with a marvel film, on point. Plenty of laughs and a decent story line even if it was a tad predictable. The CGI was fantastic, especially the scenes in space. Although not essential viewing before End Game, it does tie off a few loose ends nicely and who doesn't want to know how Fury lost that eye? Overall a very enjoyable film and definitely worth forming your own opinion of instead of listening to the sad people who are bashing this. helpful•10 3 elliotbramhall Mar 8, 2019 FAQ6 Why did they choose the red and blue costume instead of the classic black costume? Were there actually female U.S. fighter pilots, such as Carol Danvers and Maria Rambeau, during the period shown in the movie? Why was Mar Vell not introduced as the first captain marvel in the MCU like in the comics the same way Iron Man, Hulk, Captain America and Thor have been? Details Edit Release date March 8, 2019 (China) Countries of origin United States Australia Official sites Marvel (United States) Official Facebook Language English Also known as Đại Úy Marvel Filming locations Shaver Lake, California, USA Production companies Walt Disney Pictures Marvel Studios Animal Logic See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $160,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $426,829,839 Opening weekend US & Canada $153,433,423 Mar 10, 2019 Gross worldwide $1,128,462,972 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 3 minutes Sound mix 12-Track Digital Sound IMAX 6-Track Auro 11.1 Dolby Atmos Dolby Surround 7.1 Sonics-DDP Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Scott Glenn, Colin Ford, Joelle Carter, Randy Houser & More Join Sports Drama ‘The Hill’ Nov 16Deadline Film + TV ‘Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings’: How to Watch the Marvel Movie on Disney+ for Just $2 Nov 12Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.