Carol (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2402927/
Carol (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Carol 20152015 RR 1h 58m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 123K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,243 214 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:31 29 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance An aspiring photographer develops an intimate relationship with an older woman in 1950s New York.An aspiring photographer develops an intimate relationship with an older woman in 1950s New York.An aspiring photographer develops an intimate relationship with an older woman in 1950s New York. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 123K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,243 214 Director Todd Haynes Writers Phyllis Nagy(screenplay by) Patricia Highsmith(based on the novel "The Price of Salt" by) Stars Cate Blanchett Rooney Mara Sarah Paulson Top credits Director Todd Haynes Writers Phyllis Nagy(screenplay by) Patricia Highsmith(based on the novel "The Price of Salt" by) Stars Cate Blanchett Rooney Mara Sarah Paulson See production, box office & company info 383User reviews 399Critic reviews 94Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 6 Oscars 77 wins & 254 nominations total Videos29 Trailer 1:31 New Trailer Trailer 1:10 Official Trailer Trailer 1:53 Official Trailer Trailer 1:53 Carol - Official US Trailer Clip 3:37 Cate Blanchett Almost Played Clarice Starling? Clip 0:40 I Like The Hat Clip 0:35 Woman Like Me Clip 0:45 I Love Her Clip 0:29 Carol Clip 0:37 Divorcing Clip 1:03 'Carol' scene featuring Cate Blanchett , Kyle Chandler and Rooney Mara Clip 1:39 Clip Photos164 Top cast Edit Cate Blanchett Carol Airdas Carol Aird Rooney Mara Therese Belivetas Therese Belivet Sarah Paulson Abby Gerhardas Abby Gerhard Kyle Chandler Harge Airdas Harge Aird Jake Lacy Richard Semcoas Richard Semco John Magaro Dannie McElroyas Dannie McElroy Cory Michael Smith Tommy Tuckeras Tommy Tucker Kevin Crowley Fred Haymesas Fred Haymes Nik Pajic Phil McElroyas Phil McElroy Carrie Brownstein Genevieve Cantrellas Genevieve Cantrell Trent Rowland Jack Taftas Jack Taft Sadie Heim Rindy Airdas Rindy Aird Kk Heim Rindy Airdas Rindy Aird (as Kennedy Heim) Amy Warner Jennifer Airdas Jennifer Aird Michael Haney John Airdas John Aird Wendy Lardin Jeanette Harrisonas Jeanette Harrison Pamela Evans Haynes Roberta Wallsas Roberta Walls (as Pamela Haynes) Greg Violand Jerry Rixas Jerry Rix Director Todd Haynes Writers Phyllis Nagy(screenplay by) Patricia Highsmith(based on the novel "The Price of Salt" by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.6 Disobedience 7.7 La vie d'Adèle 8.1 Portrait de la jeune fille en feu 7.3 Blue Jasmine 6.8 Imagine Me & You 7.1 The Danish Girl 6.8 Kyss mig 6.3 Tell It to the Bees 7.5 Brooklyn 6.6 The Miseducation of Cameron Post 6.4 My Days of Mercy 6.5 Ammonite Storyline Edit In an adaptation of Patricia Highsmith's seminal novel The Price of Salt, CAROL follows two women from very different backgrounds who find themselves in an unexpected love affair in 1950s New York. As conventional norms of the time challenge their undeniable attraction, an honest story emerges to reveal the resilience of the heart in the face of change. A young woman in her 20s, Therese Belivet (Rooney Mara), is a clerk working in a Manhattan department store and dreaming of a more fulfilling life when she meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), an alluring woman trapped in a loveless, convenient marriage. As an immediate connection sparks between them, the innocence of their first encounter dims and their connection deepens. While Carol breaks free from the confines of marriage, her husband (Kyle Chandler) begins to question her competence as a mother as her involvement with Therese and close relationship with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) come to light. —The Weinstein Company lesbian romancelesbianroad tripchild custodyphotographer100 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Some people change your life forever Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for a scene of sexuality/nudity and brief language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The character of Carol Aird was inspired by Virginia Kent Catherwood (1915-1966), a Philadelphia socialite six years older than Patricia Highsmith with whom the author had a love affair in the 1940s. Catherwood lost custody of her daughter after her homosexuality was used against her with a taped recording of a lesbian liaison she had in a hotel room. ("'Instantly, I love her': the affairs that inspired Carol". The Telegraph, 28 November 2015) Goofs When Carol and Therese are driving into the tunnel, Carol turns on the radio. This would have been impossible -- in those days radios were AM, and the signal wouldn't have carried. Back before FM was common, AM signals could cut out briefly even just driving under an overpass. Quotes Carol Aird: [while driving back to Chicago] What are you thinking? You know how many times a day I ask you that? Therese Belivet: Sorry. What am I thinking? I'm thinking that I'm utterly selfish. Carol Aird: Don't do this. You had no idea. How could you have known? Therese Belivet: And I should have said "No" to you but I never say "No". And it's selfish because... because I just take everything and I don't know anything. And I don't know what I want. How could I when all I ever do is say "Yes" to everything? [turns head and cries] Carol Aird: [pulls car to side of road and stops, moves close to Therese and caresses her face] I took what you gave willingly. It's not your fault, Therese. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Cate Blanchett/Anthony Mackie/Tinashe (2015) Soundtracks Willow Weep For Me Performed by Vince Giordano and The Nighthawks Words and Music by Ann Ronell © Copyright by Bourne Co. Copyright Renewed Rights for the world outside the U.S.A. controlled by Bourne Co. All rights for the United Kingdom controlled by Bourne Ltd. All rights reserved international copyright secured © Copyright 1932. Ann Ronell Music/ASCAP. All rights reserved. Used by permission. Master recording licensed courtesy of Starr Score Holdings, LLC User reviews383 Review Top review 7/10 A Fine Film That Needs More Character 'Carol' is a fine film. The juxtaposition of the lavish costumes and production design with the grainy look of 16mm film sells the film's old-fashioned aesthetic. It is a well-shot film that is pleasant to look at. All of the individual performances are pretty good. The best part of the film is the opening sequence. The credits play over a continuing shot of fifties New York accompanied by Carter Burwell's fantastic piece 'Opening'. This shot brings us to a scene in a restaurant. This is a flash-forward that we revisit later on in the film. Our first sight of the main couple occurs when a man at the bar looks around the restaurant and spots them at a table. In this shot, Therese (Rooney Mara) and Carol (Cate Blanchett) are sitting at a table. Therese is sat facing away from the camera and towards Carol, who we can see clearly. My immediate reaction to this sight was "Wow, Cate Blanchett genuinely looks like she's in love." It felt real. Unfortunately, I didn't get this feeling from the rest of the film. I couldn't feel any chemistry between Therese and Carol. Mara and Blanchett do their best with what they are given, but they aren't given enough. Their characters don't feel fleshed out. I didn't feel like I knew them as people by the end. The film's technical achievements can only lift a film so high. If you love this film then I'm glad, but I can't love it when I couldn't grow attached to the characters. This is especially a problem as this feels like a film driven more by character than by story. Despite what I have said, this film didn't bore me. Mara and Blanchett are both engaging actresses who command your attention even if they aren't given enough to work with. The film is on the slow side but it goes at the right pace for what director Todd Haynes and screenwriter Phyllis Nagy were going for. Overall, it was an interesting experience that felt a bit empty. You can see more reviews at http://letterboxd.com/lloyd_morgan/films/reviews/ helpful•29 14 lloydmorgan111222 Jan 17, 2016 FAQ1 Why was the original novel titled "The Price of Salt" and why was it changed to "Carol"? Details Edit Release date November 27, 2015 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Australia Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 卡罗尔 Filming locations Cincinnati, Ohio, USA Production companies The Weinstein Company Film4 Number 9 Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $11,800,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $12,711,491 Opening weekend US & Canada $253,510 Nov 22, 2015 Gross worldwide $40,272,135 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Jonny Greenwood, Hans Zimmer Among Likely Original Score Contenders for Oscars in 2022 Nov 5Variety Film + TV SNL Video: Jason Sudeikis Is the Ghost of Biden Past in Cold Open Oct 24TVLine.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Carol (2015) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.