Casablanca (1942) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0034583/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_48
Casablanca (1942) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Casablanca 19421942 PGPG 1h 42m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 546K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 862 69 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:11 6 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomanceWar A cynical expatriate American cafe owner struggles to decide whether or not to help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape the Nazis in French Morocco.A cynical expatriate American cafe owner struggles to decide whether or not to help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape the Nazis in French Morocco.A cynical expatriate American cafe owner struggles to decide whether or not to help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape the Nazis in French Morocco. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 546K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 862 69 Director Michael Curtiz Writers Julius J. Epstein(screenplay) Philip G. Epstein(screenplay) Howard Koch(screenplay) Stars Humphrey Bogart Ingrid Bergman Paul Henreid Top credits Director Michael Curtiz Writers Julius J. Epstein(screenplay) Philip G. Epstein(screenplay) Howard Koch(screenplay) Stars Humphrey Bogart Ingrid Bergman Paul Henreid See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 212Critic reviews 100Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #48 Won 3 Oscars 10 wins & 9 nominations total Videos6 Trailer 2:11 Casablanca Trailer 2:52 Casablanca Clip 1:35 Which Iconic Movie Characters Should Meet at the 'El Royale'? Full Episode 3:46 "Riverdale" Star Madelaine Petsch Can't Get Enough 'Harry Potter' Video 1:36 Shakespeare "Goes Hollywood" With Finn Wittrock Video 2:10 Dates in Movie & TV History: Dec. 2, 1941 - Ilsa Lund Walks In Photos278 Top cast Edit Humphrey Bogart Rick Blaineas Rick Blaine Ingrid Bergman Ilsa Lundas Ilsa Lund Paul Henreid Victor Laszloas Victor Laszlo Claude Rains Captain Louis Renaultas Captain Louis Renault Conrad Veidt Major Heinrich Strasseras Major Heinrich Strasser Sydney Greenstreet Signor Ferrarias Signor Ferrari Peter Lorre Ugarteas Ugarte S.Z. Sakall Carlas Carl (as S.K. Sakall) Madeleine Lebeau Yvonneas Yvonne (as Madeleine LeBeau) Dooley Wilson Samas Sam Joy Page Annina Brandelas Annina Brandel John Qualen Bergeras Berger Leonid Kinskey Saschaas Sascha Curt Bois Pickpocketas Pickpocket Abdullah Abbas Arabas Arab (uncredited) Enrique Acosta Guest at Rick'sas Guest at Rick's (uncredited) Ed Agresti Bar Patronas Bar Patron (uncredited) Arnet Amos French Soldieras French Soldier (uncredited) … Director Michael Curtiz Writers Julius J. Epstein(screenplay) Philip G. Epstein(screenplay) Howard Koch(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.5 Psycho 8.3 Vertigo 8.3 North by Northwest 6.5 Casablanca 8.1 Gone with the Wind 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 8.5 C'era una volta il West 8.3 Singin' in the Rain 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Storyline Edit The story of Rick Blaine, a cynical world-weary ex-patriate who runs a nightclub in Casablanca, Morocco during the early stages of WWII. Despite the pressure he constantly receives from the local authorities, Rick's cafe has become a kind of haven for refugees seeking to obtain illicit letters that will help them escape to America. But when Ilsa, a former lover of Rick's, and her husband, show up to his cafe one day, Rick faces a tough challenge which will bring up unforeseen complications, heartbreak and ultimately an excruciating decision to make. —Kyle Perez nazilove trianglecasablanca morocconightclubanti nazi177 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Where Love Cuts as Deep as a Dagger! Genres Drama Romance War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for mild violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Many of the actors who played the Nazis were in fact German Jews who had escaped from Nazi Germany. Goofs When Rick and Sam get on the train after standing in the rain, their coats are completely dry. Quotes Rick: Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, she walks into mine. Alternate versions As late as 1974, the references to an extra-marital affair were banned in Ireland. The Irish cut got rid of two important sequences. First, after Ilsa tells Rick that she had left him after finding out that Viktor was still alive, the embraces and dialogue that followed were cut. Second, the emotional dialogue at the end of the film from Ilsa's line "You're saying that only to make me go" to Rick's line "What I've got to do, you haven't any part of". This led to Irish audiences' being bemused by the relationship between Rick and Ilsa, and often interpreting Rick's final speech beginning "I'm no good at being noble" as a reflection on the debilitating effects of war. Connections Edited into 77 Sunset Strip: The Secret of Adam Cain (1959) Soundtracks La Marseillaise (1792) (uncredited) Written by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle Arranged by Max Steiner Played during the opening credits Sung by Madeleine Lebeau and others at Rick's Variations played often in the score User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 HOW TO WATCH THIS MOVIE There are literally hundreds of comments about this movie on IMDB. Many of them exhort its greatness. I don't disagree with them. But I'd like to add a suggestion to those of you out there who haven't seen this film. I'd like to tell you HOW to watch it. The people who made this movie didn't think they were producing a masterpiece. Bergman left the shoot disgusted. The screenwriters were on salary for Warners, writing half a dozen movies a year, and this was just one more. Bogie was punching the clock in the middle of a workhorse career. So as an audience member, you can't sit down expecting gilded greatness. Don't have a Casablaca party. Don't watch it on your first date, hoping it will lend that "Romantic Touch." Don't watch it as part of your "I need to watch the Best 10 movies of all time" Film School project. Buy this movie on DVD. Have it at the ready. And then, one Friday night, when your plans fall through and you find it's 10:30pm and there's nothing on TV that's any good, open a six pack of beer, or pour yourself some wine, and watch this movie in a darkened room. The characters in Casablanca are absolutely devoid of sentimentalism. Every one of them sees the world without a hint of rose color in their lenses. As Rick says, "Three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this big old world." If you're in a mood where you understand what he's saying, watch this movie and it will transport you. There is no single movie that deserves to be called the best movie of all time. Because movies, when all is said and done, don't amount to a hill of beans. They are meant to entertain us, not for us to worship THEM. But no movie has ever known this fact like Casablanca. If you watch Casablance this way, with no expectations, with no "hype," you might catch 10 percent of its greatness on one viewing. And that will be enough to start you on your way. Happy viewing, kid. helpful•783 47 Jaymay Aug 23, 2003 FAQ4 Was Ronald Reagan originally cast as Rick? What exactly are "letters of transit"? Is the character Victor Laszlo's name mispronounced? Details Edit Release date July 7, 1943 (China) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English French German Italian Also known as 北非谍影 Filming locations Hotel Monte Vista, Flagstaff, Arizona, USA Production company Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $950,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $4,108,411 Opening weekend US & Canada $181,494 Apr 12, 1992 Gross worldwide $4,376,287 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 42 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news Academy Museum to Host Vienna in Hollywood Film Series and Symposium Oct 25Variety Film + TV Ira Glasser Oct 19Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Casablanca (1942) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.