Casino Royale (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381061?ref_=tt_eds_center-3_ecw_cheat_bond_lk
Casino Royale (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Casino Royale 20062006 PG-13PG-13 2h 24m IMDb RATING 8.0/10 625K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 67 28 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:34 18 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller After earning 00 status and a licence to kill, secret agent James Bond sets out on his first mission as 007. Bond must defeat a private banker funding terrorists in a high-stakes game of pok... Read allAfter earning 00 status and a licence to kill, secret agent James Bond sets out on his first mission as 007. Bond must defeat a private banker funding terrorists in a high-stakes game of poker at Casino Royale, Montenegro.After earning 00 status and a licence to kill, secret agent James Bond sets out on his first mission as 007. Bond must defeat a private banker funding terrorists in a high-stakes game of poker at Casino Royale, Montenegro. IMDb RATING 8.0/10 625K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 67 28 Director Martin Campbell Writers Neal Purvis(screenplay) Robert Wade(screenplay) Paul Haggis(screenplay) Stars Daniel Craig Eva Green Judi Dench Top credits Director Martin Campbell Writers Neal Purvis(screenplay) Robert Wade(screenplay) Paul Haggis(screenplay) Stars Daniel Craig Eva Green Judi Dench See production, box office & company info 2.5KUser reviews 211Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 27 wins & 44 nominations total Videos18 Trailer 2:34 Casino Royale Trailer 1:35 Casino Royale Trailer 2:33 Casino Royale Clip 6:10 Essential Guide to Mads Mikkelsen Clip 2:39 Edge-of-Your-Seat Action to Watch Now on Prime Video Clip 3:24 The Perfect Bond Movie to Match Your Mood Clip 6:36 These Bond Women Are Changing the Spy Game Clip 3:39 Bond 25 Returns to 007's Origins Clip 7:52 Casino Royale: Bond 50 Clip 0:48 Casino Royale Clip 1:09 Casino Royale Clip 1:14 Casino Royale Photos371 Top cast Edit Daniel Craig James Bondas James Bond Eva Green Vesper Lyndas Vesper Lynd Judi Dench Mas M Jeffrey Wright Felix Leiteras Felix Leiter Mads Mikkelsen Le Chiffreas Le Chiffre Giancarlo Giannini Rene Mathisas Rene Mathis Caterina Murino Solangeas Solange Simon Abkarian Alex Dimitriosas Alex Dimitrios Isaach De Bankolé Steven Obannoas Steven Obanno (as Isaach De Bankole) Jesper Christensen Mr. Whiteas Mr. White Ivana Milicevic Valenkaas Valenka Tobias Menzies Villiersas Villiers Claudio Santamaria Carlosas Carlos Sebastien Foucan Mollakaas Mollaka (as Sébastien Foucan) Malcolm Sinclair Drydenas Dryden Richard Sammel Adolph Gettleras Adolph Gettler Ludger Pistor Mendelas Mendel Joseph Millson Carteras Carter Director Martin Campbell Writers Neal Purvis(screenplay) Robert Wade(screenplay) Paul Haggis(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Daniel Craig is back as MI6 super-spy James Bond in No Time to Die. IMDb Cheat Sheet recaps the films of the Daniel Craig era of the 007 franchise from Casino Royale to the greatly anticipated No Time to Die.Watch the interview 7:46 More like this 7.8 Skyfall 6.6 Quantum of Solace 6.8 Spectre 7.2 GoldenEye 7.5 No Time to Die 6.1 Die Another Day 6.4 The World Is Not Enough 6.5 Tomorrow Never Dies 7.7 Goldfinger 7.2 Dr. No 7.9 Knives Out 7.4 From Russia with Love Storyline Edit James Bond (Daniel Craig) goes on his first mission as a 00. Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen) is a banker to the world's terrorists. He is participating in a poker game at Montenegro, where he must win back his money, in order to stay safe amongst the terrorist market. The boss of MI6, known simply as "M" (Dame Judi Dench) sends Bond, along with Vesper Lynd Eva Green) to attend this game and prevent Le Chiffre from winning. Bond, using help from Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright), Rene Mathis (Giancarlo Giannini), and having Vesper pose as his partner, enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career. But if Bond defeats Le Chiffre, will he and Vesper Lynd remain safe? —simon pokerjames bond characterpoker gameespionagebased on novel314 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Everyone has a past. Every legend has a beginning. On November 17th, discover how James...became Bond. Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violent action, a scene of torture, sexual content and nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The way Bond orders his first vodka martini is lifted directly from the Ian Fleming novels. Goofs When Bond enters the password at the start of the tourney, he clearly hits the 5 button (JKL). Later in the movie he reveals that "Vesper" is the password (no JKL). Quotes James Bond: [to Vesper] Why is it that people who can't take advice always insist on giving it? Crazy credits The opening credits are set in a stylish montage of fights with gambling symbols: playing cards, playing card symbols (diamonds, hearts, spades and clubs), kings and queens, and roulette wheels. Alternate versions US version is cut in the toilet fight and the stairwell fight scene to secure a PG-13 rating. In the later, Obanno's henchmen hitting the ground and Obanno crashing into the glass window are the most obvious cuts. However, additional punches, elbows, and shoving are removed and the struggle at the bottom of the stairwell was heavily shortened. The music score has also been remixed to accommodate the edits, and alternate footage used to smooth over some of the edits. This version was also used for the DVD/Blu-ray release. Connections Edited into Omega 'Casino Royale' Television Commercial (2006) Soundtracks You Know my Name Music by David Arnold Lyrics by Chris Cornell Performed by Chris Cornell User reviews2.5K Review Top review 10/10 Welcome back... There is only one movie franchise that has twisted, turned and reinvented itself on so many occasions... 007 has unfortunately dwindled more than it has bedazzled over the last decades but I am relieved to see that Martin Campbell has put the edge back into the Bond series. The originally unpopular Craig grinds through this action packed feature with ease and in my opinion proves all of his doubters (including me) very very wrong.. At last we have another true Bond.. Sharp, sophisticated and as tough as nails... And perhaps correctly more shaken than stirred. Welcome back 007... Welcome back. helpful•698 368 Shanus Nov 11, 2006 Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating No Time to Die marks Daniel Craig's final outing in the James Bond franchise. See which 007 films have received the highest ratings from IMDb users.See the list List FAQ30 What form of poker is played in the Montenegro portion of the movie? Is "James Bond" just a code name for a series of agents? Is this movie about the latest agent assigned the code name? Why in the restaurant after the game and Vesper is called away by a text message from Mathis, does Bond get suspicious, saying "Mathis"? Details Edit Release date January 30, 2007 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom Czech Republic United States Germany Bahamas Official sites Official Facebook Official Facebook Languages English Serbian German Italian French Also known as 007：大战皇家赌场 Filming locations Villa Gaeta, Lake Como, Lombardia, Italy Production companies Columbia Pictures Eon Productions Casino Royale Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $150,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $167,445,960 Opening weekend US & Canada $40,833,156 Nov 19, 2006 Gross worldwide $616,502,912 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 24 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news No Time To Die Blu-Ray Will Let You Bring Bond Home For Christmas Nov 16Slash Film Oscars 2022: Best Editing Predictions Nov 12Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.