Catch Me If You Can (2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0264464/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_197
Catch Me If You Can (2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Catch Me If You Can 20022002 PG-13PG-13 2h 21m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 898K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 370 52 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 5 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyCrimeDrama Barely 21 yet, Frank is a skilled forger who has passed as a doctor, lawyer and pilot. FBI agent Carl becomes obsessed with tracking down the con man, who only revels in the pursuit.Barely 21 yet, Frank is a skilled forger who has passed as a doctor, lawyer and pilot. FBI agent Carl becomes obsessed with tracking down the con man, who only revels in the pursuit.Barely 21 yet, Frank is a skilled forger who has passed as a doctor, lawyer and pilot. FBI agent Carl becomes obsessed with tracking down the con man, who only revels in the pursuit. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 898K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 370 52 Director Steven Spielberg Writers Jeff Nathanson(screenplay) Frank Abagnale Jr.(book "Catch Me If You Can: The Amazing True Story of the Youngest and Most Daring Con Man in the History of Fun and Profit") Stan Redding(book "Catch Me If You Can: The Amazing True Story of the Youngest and Most Daring Con Man in the History of Fun and Profit") Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Tom Hanks Christopher Walken Top credits Director Steven Spielberg Writers Jeff Nathanson(screenplay) Frank Abagnale Jr.(book "Catch Me If You Can: The Amazing True Story of the Youngest and Most Daring Con Man in the History of Fun and Profit") Stan Redding(book "Catch Me If You Can: The Amazing True Story of the Youngest and Most Daring Con Man in the History of Fun and Profit") Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Tom Hanks Christopher Walken See production, box office & company info 935User reviews 211Critic reviews 75Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #197 Nominated for 2 Oscars 16 wins & 46 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 2:32 Catch Me If You Can Video 4:23 The Evolution of Steven Spielberg Video 3:26 The 5 Best Biopics of All Time With O'Shea Jackson Jr. Video 3:22 What Roles Has Tom Hanks Turned Down? Video 4:07 What Roles Did Leonardo DiCaprio Almost Play? Photos190 Top cast Edit Leonardo DiCaprio Frank Abagnale Jr.as Frank Abagnale Jr. Tom Hanks Carl Hanrattyas Carl Hanratty Christopher Walken Frank Abagnaleas Frank Abagnale Martin Sheen Roger Strongas Roger Strong Nathalie Baye Paula Abagnaleas Paula Abagnale Amy Adams Brenda Strongas Brenda Strong James Brolin Jack Barnesas Jack Barnes Brian Howe Earl Amdurskyas Earl Amdursky Frank John Hughes Tom Foxas Tom Fox Steve Eastin Paul Morganas Paul Morgan Chris Ellis Special Agent Witkinsas Special Agent Witkins John Finn Assistant Director Marshas Assistant Director Marsh Jennifer Garner Cheryl Annas Cheryl Ann Nancy Lenehan Carol Strongas Carol Strong Ellen Pompeo Marcias Marci Elizabeth Banks Lucyas Lucy Guy Thauvette Warden Garrenas Warden Garren Candice Azzara Darcyas Darcy Director Steven Spielberg Writers Jeff Nathanson(screenplay) Frank Abagnale Jr.(book "Catch Me If You Can: The Amazing True Story of the Youngest and Most Daring Con Man in the History of Fun and Profit") Stan Redding(book "Catch Me If You Can: The Amazing True Story of the Youngest and Most Daring Con Man in the History of Fun and Profit") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Shutter Island 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.1 The Truman Show 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.4 Django Unchained 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.5 The Departed 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.8 Inception 8.6 Se7en 8.6 The Green Mile Storyline Edit A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who, before his 19th birthday, successfully conned millions of dollars worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot, doctor, and legal prosecutor. An FBI agent makes it his mission to put him behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture, he revels in the pursuit. —yusufpiskin impostorconrace against timedeceptionmother son relationship347 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The true story of a real fake. Genres Biography Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some sexual content and brief language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia (Cameo) The real life Frank Abagnale, Jr.: The French officer that arrests Frank on Christmas Eve, 1967. Goofs While Frank and Carl are flying back to the US Frank looks out the window and tells Carl that they are over Fiorello LaGuardia Airport and runway Number 44. All runway ends are painted/labeled based on the compass direction or bearing it is facing or heading. A Due North is runway "36", meaning 360 degrees and the opposite end marked "18", for 180 degrees. Runway numbers include 1 to 36. No runway 44 exists. Quotes Frank Abagnale Sr.: Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Gentlemen, as of this moment, I am that second mouse. Crazy credits During the first thirty seconds of the credits we hear the FBI typewriters. Alternate versions In the French language version of the film, Frank teaches his high school Spanish class instead of French. Connections Edited from To Tell the Truth (1969) Soundtracks To Tell the Truth Written by Paul Alter and Robert Israel User reviews935 Review Top review Top-notch, brilliantly crafted entertainment, rich with fascinating details, memorable incidents and engaging performances What a terrific piece of film-making! From the charming animated title sequence (featuring John Williams's delightfully sneaky score) to the end, this is an enormously entertaining film from the gifted craftsman, Steven Spielberg, who is so damn good people take him for granted or resent his "manipulation," i.e. his seemingly effortless ability to create effective drama. Leonardo DiCaprio (in his best performance that I've seen) stars as Frank Abagnale, Jr., a real-life teen-aged con man so spectacularly gifted that he was able to steal millions from various companies with forged checks, while successfully impersonating an airline pilot, a doctor and a lawyer, among other guises. He is chased by a rigidly rule-bound F.B.I. agent, Carl Hanratty (Tom Hanks), who is at first comically out-classed by the young improvising criminal genius; but the agent is steadfast and relentless and has the law on his side. The movie is filled with delightful supporting performances, starting with Hanks and continuing on with Nathalie Baye as the boy's selfish mother, Amy Adams as his immature fiancée and on down to the tiniest role. I'm especially grateful for the sympathetic part given to Christopher Walken, as the mischievous and spirited Abagnale Sr., whose life darkens as his fortunes fall. Walken is one of my favorite actors, but while I enjoy the occasional one-dimensional freak or villain he plays, I wish most of his parts were like this. Spielberg's movie is rich with fascinating details and memorable incidents, while the script by Jeff Nathanson moves backward and forward in time to tell the story in the most engrossing way possible. This is top-notch entertainment. helpful•84 7 J. Spurlin Jun 5, 2010 Details Edit Release date April 11, 2003 (China) Countries of origin United States Canada Official site Official Facebook Languages English French Also known as 猫鼠游戏 Filming locations Alcatraz Prison, Alcatraz Island, San Francisco Bay, California, USA Production companies Dreamworks Pictures Kemp Company Splendid Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $52,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $164,615,351 Opening weekend US & Canada $30,053,627 Dec 29, 2002 Gross worldwide $352,114,312 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 21 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Leonardo DiCaprio to Play Cult Leader Jim Jones in MGM Film Nov 8The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV 4K Restoration of Wendell B. Harris Jr.'s 'Chameleon Street' Trailer Oct 10firstshowing.net Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.