Celebrity News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/news/celebrity/?ref_=hm_nw_cel_tb
Celebrity News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Celebrity News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 by Todd Spangler Variety - TV News The original Hogwarts wizarding trio are reuniting to recount their adventures from two decades ago. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson will join filmmaker Chris Columbus and other cast members from all eight “Harry Potter” films for the first time in an HBO Max retrospective special to celebrate the anniversary of the franchise’s first film, “Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone,” which premiered 20 years ago today. “Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts” will premiere on HBO Max on New Year’s Day, Jan. 1, 2022. The feature will “tell an enchanting making-of story through all-new in-depth interviews and cast conversations, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News FX on Hulu’s limited series Fleishman Is in Trouble has cast the first of its three lead roles. Lizzy Caplan will star in the limited series based on Taffy Brodesser-Akner’s best-selling novel about a marriage gone wrong. She’ll play Libby, the narrator of the story and a long-time friend of the title character, Dr. Toby Fleishman. Fleishman Is in Trouble is the second major series role Caplan has booked in the past week. She’s also set to star in a series adaptation of Fatal Attraction at Paramount+ as Alex, the role played by Glenn Close in the 1987 film. Ordered to ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, who starred as Gavin Dillon in legal drama Raising the Bar and played serial killer Howard Epps on Bones, has died. He was 41. Freeman’s management team confirmed his passing to The Hollywood Reporter. The date and cause of death were not disclosed, and there are no “further details at this juncture,” according to the actor’s manager, Joe Montifiore. “We are truly devastated at the loss of our beloved Heath Freeman,” Freeman’s team wrote in a statement provided to THR. “A brilliant human being with an intense and soulful spirit, he leaves us ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 by Jordan Moreau Variety - Film News After starring in the first “Lethal Weapon” movie more than 30 years ago, Mel Gibson is in talks to direct the upcoming “Lethal Weapon 5,” Variety has confirmed. The fifth entry of the classic action franchise has been in development for several years, with Richard Wenk (“The Equalizer”) writing the most recent draft of the script. Richard Donner, who directed and produced all four previous “Lethal Weapon” films, had been working to develop a fifth installment, but he died on July 5, 2021, at 91, putting the plans in limbo. Donner’s wife, Lauren Schuler Donner, will produce the film, alongside Rideback’s Dan Lin. Jonathan Eirich of Rideback and Derek Hoffman of The Donners’ Company will executive produce. Speaking at an event in London, Gibson let it slip that he would take over directing duties from Donner, fulfilling the late director’s wishes. “He was developing the screenplay and he got pretty far along with it. See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Host Gifts That Will Make You the Best Guest Ever 17 November 2021 E! Online We independently selected these products because we love them, and we think you might like them at these prices. If you buy something through our Qr code or links, E! makes a commission on your purchase. Items are sold by the retailer, not E!. The season for holiday parties is upon us. Even if you aren't throwing a party, you still have to prepare. This means that you need to start planning out some festive outfits and your presents for the hosts. A great guest never shows up to an event empty-handed. Bringing a host gift is the perfect way to say "thank you." We have plenty of great ideas, from the incredibly innovative Always Pan to a fun s'mores-making kit. We found gifts to suit every... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Watch the Jonas Brothers Get Roasted by the Announcer in New Family Roast Promo 17 November 2021 E! Online The turkey isn't the only thing in the hot seat this Thanksgiving. Kevin Jonas, Joe Jonas and Nick Jonas are bracing themselves for the Jonas Brothers Family Roast on Nov. 23, hosted by Emmy-winning comedian Kenan Thompson. From Pete Davidson to Niall Horan, there is an extensive list of celebrities roasting the brothers, and from the looks of this E! exclusive clip, even the announcer wants in on the action. "Jonas Brothers, pop culture icons, music superstars," says the announcer, praising the artists as the trio struts toward the stage. "And so far up their own asses they can't see the light. Holy s--t." He continues, "They are Grammy-nominated,... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this This Clash of the Cover Bands Transformation Into Aretha Franklin Will Give You Goosebumps 17 November 2021 E! Online A "Natural"-born talent! This week's Clash of the Cover Bands, airing tonight, Wednesday, Nov. 17, showcases the "Powerhouse Vocals" of Elisa Furr, a Celine Dion tribute artist, and Elaine Gibbs covering the music of Aretha Franklin. An exclusive sneak peek at Elaine's performance of the Queen of Soul's "(You Make Me Feel Like a) Natural Woman" proves that Elaine is the one to beat. "We have a lot of legends," Elaine explains before taking the stage in costume as Aretha, "but she stands alone." A life-long singer, Elaine has performed in over 25 countries with some of the biggest names in the world of R&b, pop... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this A Stage Mom Is in Full Crisis Mode in This Siwas Dance Pop Revolution Clip 17 November 2021 E! Online This is not a drill! Ask any Dance Moms fan: There's nothing that sends a stage parent into a tailspin quite like a last-minute beauty or fashion emergency. That's exactly what's happening in this clip from last night's Siwas Dance Pop Revolution premiere on E!. The Peacock series centers on JoJo Siwa and her mom Jessalynn Siwa as they set out to create pop music's next big sensation. How? By mentoring a group of tweens who will compete in a series of challenges and performances to land a coveted role in their newly formed music group, Xomg Pop. The winning contestants will be managed by Jessalynn and serve as an opening act for... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this It's Still Not Over: Surprising Secrets About The Notebook Revealed 17 November 2021 E! Online Nearly two decades later, Noah and Allie's love story is still sweeter than ever. Back in 2004, The Notebook, based on Nicholas Sparks' best-selling novel, came out of nowhere to become a surprise box office hit and turn Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams into one of Hollywood's most beloved onscreen couples. But did you know the two actors actually couldn't stand each other while filming the movie? Or that a very famous pop star was brought in to read for Allie before McAdams landed the part? Oh, and way before Gosling nabbed the swoon-worthy role, Tom Cruise was actually attached to star in the movie. Still, like their... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Did Dwyane Wade Have a Poster of Gabrielle Union in College? He Says... 17 November 2021 E! Online No assists needed here: Despite what you may have heard, Dwyane Wade did not have a poster of his future-wife Gabrielle Union hanging on his wall. The NBA star disputed the too-good-to-be-true rumor during his Nov. 16 appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, sharing lightheartedly that "it's a lie." As for where the story could have stemmed from, Dwyane told host Stephen Colbert that he has an idea it may have come from someone very close to home. "So, my wife is a bigger celebrity than me," Dwyane said of his spouse of seven years. "And she gets to come on your show and other shows way more than I. So, she planted this... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Go Inside Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker's Family Birthday Trip to Mexico 17 November 2021 E! Online To celebrate a birthday, there are few things better than jetting off to Cabo. That was exactly what was on the schedule for Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker as they celebrated the Blink-182 star's recent 46th birthday. However, it wasn't just for the soon-to-be bride and groom. The engaged lovebirds made the trip to Mexico a family affair as Travis' two kids—Alabama, 15, and Landon, 18—also joined them, along with Kourtney and ex Scott Disick's youngest son, Reign, 6. Judging by posts on social media, the family appeared to have an unforgettable time together as they soaked up the picturesque sights in Cabo San Lucas, including a group horseback ride at... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Chris Evans' "Twins" Selfie With Pup Dodger is The Cutest Doggone Thing You'll See All Day 17 November 2021 E! Online Man's best friend! Chris Evans turned up the aww-factor with his latest Instagram picture featuring his dog, Dodger. The Captain America star posted an adorable side by side selfie of himself with his furry pal and captioned the pic, "Twins. Fans couldn't agree more, taking to the comments section to share their reactions. "Identical," one follower wrote. Added another, "Sir. My goodness, the cutest pair I ever did see." Chris uses his personal account as a fan page for Dodger content, and we can't get enough. In October, the Knives Out actor shared a series of sweet pictures of his little guy—snapped by his Defending Jacob co-star and friend Michelle... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Bradley Cooper Finally Addresses Past Romance Rumors With A Star Is Born Co-Star Lady Gaga 17 November 2021 E! Online Fans of A Star is Born know that Ally and Jackson were off the deep end in love, but what about the actors behind the characters? Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper sparked romance rumors in 2018 when the movie hit theaters. It was clear the co-stars had a close bond, with Gaga revealing that they had an "instant connection" that came "the second that I saw him." Despite rumors to the contrary, Gaga has long maintained they weren't actually romantically involved. "Yes, people saw love and—guess what—that's what we wanted you to see," the 35-year-old singer told Jimmy Kimmel in 2019. She knew the rumors were only fueled by... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this This Cozy Mini Fire Pit Is the Perfect Fall Addition to Any Room 17 November 2021 E! Online This content was created by StackCommerce for E!, and we think you'll like the products selected at these prices. E! has affiliate relationships, so we get a commission if you purchase something through our links. Items are sold by the retailer, not E!. Few things are more soothing and relaxing than chilling by a fireplace with a warm drink in hand. Not only can it warm your body during cold winter nights, but since the fire commands attention, you also get to empty your mind a little as you watch the flames move. The bad news is not everyone has a fireplace at home. The good news? Everybody can install one thanks to products like the FLÎKR Fire2: Personal Fireplace. With fall underway, the... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this How Karol G Is "Trying to Empower" Fans on Tour With Her Signature Style 17 November 2021 E! Online Congratulations! You just scored a backstage pass to the hottest tickets in town. After Covid-19 put a pause on live entertainment, your favorite artists are ready to hit the road and entertain audiences safely with brand-new tours and experiences. And regardless of where you are, we're offering an all-access ticket to every must-see concert of the year. Welcome to E!'s Backstage Pass. When you go to a Karol G show, prepare to let your (blue) hair down. As the Latin Grammy winner continues her first headlining United States tour, the 30-year-old artist has a theme when she takes to the stage each and every night. "Everything is about self-love and confidence, being strong in any... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this From Lil Nas X to Justin Bieber, See the Social Stars Slaying the 2021 People's Choice Awards 17 November 2021 E! Online These booked and busy stars are also social media mavens. There's no doubt that fame and being an influencer online is not an easy feat. From engaging authentically with fans to finding and creating the perfect content to entertain the masses, being a social star is a second full time job! Luckily, the nominees for the 2021 People's Choice Awards Social Media Star award have spent the past year making us Lol, think creatively and stay engaged, all while killing it on social media. Whether it's a trending TikTok dance or reaching out to a super fan in need, we can't get enough of what these influencers and stars dished up for us this past year. They kept our scrolling blues at bay... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Blue's Clues Star Steve Burns Just Joined TikTok--and He's a Little Confused 17 November 2021 E! Online We might need to dust off our handy dandy notebook. Blue's Clues star Steve Burns practically broke the Internet when he addressed his exit from the popular children's show for its 25th anniversary in September. Now, a little more than two months later, Steve is back in the hearts of millions—and this time, it's by joining TikTok. The former TV host—who joined the platform under the perfect moniker of @hioutthereitsmesteve—shared his very first video on Nov. 15 and admitted that he may need to grab his thinking chair first before figuring out how TikTok truly works. "Hi out there, it's me Steve," he said.... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Michael B. Jordan Shares Look Inside His Private Romance With Lori Harvey on Their First Anniversary 17 November 2021 E! Online One year down—and a lot of romance to go! Michael B. Jordan and Lori Harvey celebrated their first anniversary on Wednesday, Nov. 16 and took to Instagram Stories to give fans a look inside their private romance. "Happy Anniversary," the 34-year-old actor wrote alongside a few photos of the couple, including one of the 24-year-old model kissing him on the cheek and another of the pair cuddling close. "It's been a year crazy!!" The two appeared to mark the occasion with a romantic dinner. Lori posted a photo of the personalized tasting menu that read "Happy Anniversary Lori and Michael" over the date. She also shared a boomerang of the Creed star sitting across from her at... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Bundle Up With These It Girl-Approved Puffer Jackets 17 November 2021 E! Online We love these products, and we hope you do too. E! has affiliate relationships, so we may get a small share of the revenue from your purchases. Items are sold by the retailer, not E!. Puffer jackets don't exactly scream fashion when first mentioned, but thanks to stars like Blake Lively, Lucy Hale and Irina Shayk, the puffer jacket is no longer just an instrument to keep you warm. With brands trashing the notion that it's only a casual must-have for cold winter weather, new styles have emerged with unique colors, fitted tailoring, and textures galore. From Alo's bestselling puffers to budget-friendly Amazon jackets, we've handpicked vibrant, functional, and fashionable puffers of all different... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk Spotted Arm in Arm 2 Years After Split 17 November 2021 E! Online They say a picture's worth a thousand words, but this one in particular might be worth a million. On Sunday, Nov. 14, Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk were spotted walking together in the West Village neighborhood of New York City. While it's not strange to see the exes together—they do co-parent 4-year-old daughter Lea after all—it was their strolling arm in arm that spurred speculation of a possible reconciliation. The Oscar winner was photographed smiling as he ambled alongside his former girlfriend, whose facial expression was less visible behind a face mask and sunglasses. Fueling the rumor mill, the two were not pictured with their child during the... See full article at E! Online » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. Top News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News See All Top News » Movie News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Ghostbusters: Afterlife review – defanged retread that is lacking in spirit and laughs 17 November 2021 The Guardian - Film News See All Movie News » TV News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Critics Choice Awards Voters’ Guide: 2022 TV Races Heat Up, Thanks in Great Part to ‘Squid Game’ 17 November 2021 Variety - TV News See All TV News » Indie News ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ New Trailer: Tom Holland Battles Doc Ock, Green Goblin, and Electro 17 November 2021 Indiewire Best Harry Potter Merchandise and Collectibles for Every Kind of Fan 17 November 2021 Indiewire Leonardo DiCaprio and ‘Don’t Look Up’ Cast Spent Two Days Improvising One 16-Minute Scene 16 November 2021 Indiewire Michael Keaton and ‘Dopesick’ FYC Event Make for a Hot Hollywood Ticket 16 November 2021 Indiewire Recommendation Machine: The ‘Party Down’ Revival Is a Great Excuse to Watch the Show (Again) 16 November 2021 Indiewire See All Indie News » Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.