Children of Men (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0206634/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Children of Men (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Children of Men 20062006 RR 1h 49m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 482K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 699 271 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play clip3:52 'Extraction' Action Satisfaction Watchlist 10 Videos 99+ Photos ActionDramaSci-Fi In 2027, in a chaotic world in which women have become somehow infertile, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea.In 2027, in a chaotic world in which women have become somehow infertile, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea.In 2027, in a chaotic world in which women have become somehow infertile, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 482K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 699 271 Director Alfonso Cuarón Writers Alfonso Cuarón(screenplay) Timothy J. Sexton(screenplay) David Arata(screenplay) Stars Julianne Moore Clive Owen Chiwetel Ejiofor Top credits Director Alfonso Cuarón Writers Alfonso Cuarón(screenplay) Timothy J. Sexton(screenplay) David Arata(screenplay) Stars Julianne Moore Clive Owen Chiwetel Ejiofor See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 329Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 3 Oscars 49 wins & 89 nominations total Videos10 Clip 3:52 'Extraction' Action Satisfaction Watchlist Clip 1:49 A Guide to the Films of Alfonso Cuarón Clip 0:41 Children of Men Clip 0:55 Children of Men Clip 0:47 Children of Men Clip 1:10 Children of Men Featurette 0:21 Children of Men Interview 0:25 Children of Men Interview 0:22 Children of Men Interview 0:46 Children of Men Photos141 Top cast Edit Julianne Moore Julianas Julian Clive Owen Theo Faronas Theo Faron Chiwetel Ejiofor Lukeas Luke Michael Caine Jasperas Jasper Juan Gabriel Yacuzzi Baby Diegoas Baby Diego (as Juan Yacuzzi) Mishal Husain Newsreaderas Newsreader Rob Curling Newsreaderas Newsreader Jon Chevalier Café Customeras Café Customer Rita Davies Café Customeras Café Customer Kim Fenton Café Customeras Café Customer Chris Gilbert Café Customeras Café Customer Phoebe Hawthorne Café Customeras Café Customer Rebecca Howard Café Customeras Café Customer Atalanta White Café Customeras Café Customer (as Atlanta White) Laurence Woodbridge Café Customeras Café Customer Maria McErlane Shirleyas Shirley Michael Haughey Mr. Griffithsas Mr. Griffiths Phaldut Sharma Ianas Ian (as Paul Sharma) Director Alfonso Cuarón Writers Alfonso Cuarón(screenplay) Timothy J. Sexton(screenplay) David Arata(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.8 Moon 7.9 District 9 8.0 Twelve Monkeys 7.7 Gravity 7.6 Minority Report 7.3 The Possibility of Hope 7.4 Looper 7.7 Ex Machina 7.9 Edge of Tomorrow 7.9 In Bruges 8.0 Sin City 7.8 Drive Storyline Edit London, 2027. In this dystopian world, humans have been incapable of reproducing for eighteen years for an unknown reason, meaning the imminent extinction of the species. Britain is the one remaining civilized society on the planet, which has resulted in people wanting to immigrate there. As such, it has become a police state in order to handle the immigrants, who are placed into refugee camps. Lowly government bureaucrat Theo Faron, once an activist, is approached by the Fishes, deemed a terrorist group, led by his ex-wife Julian Taylor, who he has not seen in close to twenty years, their marriage which disintegrated following the death of their infant son Dylan during the 2008 flu pandemic. Although the Fishes did use terrorist means in their on-going revolution against the state in the fight for immigrant rights, Julian vows that they now garner support solely by speaking to the people. What she wants is for Theo to use his connections to get transit papers for a young immigrant woman named Kee who needs to get to the coast. Although initially reluctant to do it because of the difficulty, Theo is able to grant Julian this favor, however with the change that he now needs to accompany Kee on her journey. As Theo and Kee progress on that journey, Theo learns more and more about what's going on, including the reason that Kee needs to get to the coast, the fact that no one in the group knows if their end destination even exists, and that his and Kee's lives are in greater danger than he believed when they started the journey. But Theo's sole mission becomes to help Kee at any cost for the survival of the species. —Huggo long takeenglandfertilityneo noirbritish government371 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines No children. No future. No hope. Genres Action Drama Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence, language, some drug use and brief nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the movie, the infertility crisis is the result of all women being infertile. In the original novel by P.D. James, it's the result of all men producing no sperm. Goofs When Theo and Jasper smoke Strawberry Cough, the sleeping cat changes its position between every cut without ever waking up. Quotes Jasper: Everything is a mythical, cosmic battle between faith and chance. [offers Miriam a joint] Miriam: Maybe I shouldn't. Jasper: You already did. Take another one. Now cough. What do you taste? Miriam: Strawberries! Jasper: Strawberries? That's what it's called: Strawberry Cough! Kee: Wicked! Jasper: So. You've got faith over here, right? And chance over there. Miriam: Like yin and yang. Jasper: Sort of. Miriam: Or Shiva and Shakti. Jasper: Lennon and McCartney! Kee: [looking at pictures] Look, Julian and Theo. Jasper: Yeah, there you go! Julian and Theo met among a million protestors in a rally by chance. But they were there because of what they believed in in the first place, their faith. They wanted to change the world. And their faith kept them together. But by chance, Dylan was born. Kee: [picks up another photo] This is him? Jasper: Yeah, that's him. He'd have been about your age. Magical child. Beautiful. Their faith put in praxis. Miriam: "Praxis"? What happened? Jasper: Chance. He was their sweet little dream. He had little hands, little legs, little feet. Little lungs. And in 2008, along came the flu pandemic. And then, by chance, he was gone. You see, Theo's faith lost out to chance. So, why bother if life's going to make its own choices? Kee: Baby's got Theo's eyes. Jasper: Yeah. Miriam: Oh, boy. That's terrible. But, you know, everything happens for a reason. Jasper: That, I don't know. But Theo and Julian would always bring Dylan. He loved it here. Crazy credits At the very end, one can read "Shanti, Shanti, Shanti" with children shouting and laughing on the soundtrack, which can be heard repeatedly throughout the end credits. This is the last line of T.S. Eliot's 1922 poem "The Wasteland." "Shanti" means "peace" in Sanskrit. Connections Featured in The 79th Annual Academy Awards (2007) Soundtracks Fragments of a Prayer Music by John Tavener Recorded at Abbey Road Studios Mezzo soprano: Sarah Connolly Conducted by John Tavener Orchestra contractor: Griffiths, Isobel Recorded and Produced by Simon Rhodes Assisted by Richard Lancaster and Ian Stickland User reviews1.4K Review Top review 9/10 Amazing Film. Truly fantastic! Mindblowing... I've seen this film and let me tell everyone that it was one of the most pleasurable surprises I've ever had with a film. I hadn't heard about it before and it totally took me by surprise. It blew me away and left me speechless. The acting is excellent by most of the actors, but Michael Caine deserves to receive a special mention for his amazing portrait of the old hippie Jasper. His performance is fantastic and he totally stole the show in the scenes he was in. Claire Hope is also fantastic in the role of Kee. Her performance is quite impressive, especially considering this is one of her first films. Clive Owen is also great as the reluctant hero who sees his life turned upside down and is given a huge responsibility. I've seen him in some other films and he's at his best here. A very good performance, you could feel what he was going through. In the technical aspects the film was brilliant, particularly Alfonso Cuarón's strong and consistent direction that is one of the best things in the film, and contributes a lot to its quality. Also director of photography Emmanuel Lubezki does wonders with images and there are some extremely beautiful shots all done in a naturalistic way, natural lighting, etc. It's an extremely well crafted film that makes you go through the emotional struggle the characters go through and makes you feel that you're in the middle of it all. Besides, it's also an extremely touching story that certainly touched my heart. One of the best films I've ever seen without any doubt. helpful•710 358 green_fairy2 Sep 2, 2006 FAQ13 What is 'Children of Men' about? Is 'Children of Men' based on a book? If the cause of the infertility is unknown, how can they be sure that the women are infertile and not the men? Details Edit Release date September 22, 2006 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Japan Official sites Official Site UIP (Germany) Languages English German Italian Romanian Spanish Arabic Georgian Russian Serbian Also known as 人类之子 Filming locations Montevideo, Uruguay Production companies Universal Pictures Strike Entertainment Hit & Run Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $76,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $35,552,383 Opening weekend US & Canada $501,003 Dec 31, 2006 Gross worldwide $70,595,464 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 49 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Peacock’s European Flight on Sky TV Lifts Off in U.K., Ireland This Week Nov 15Variety Film + TV Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.