Chinatown (1974) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071315/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_153
Chinatown (1974) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Chinatown 19741974 RR 2h 10m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 312K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,213 564 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:17 9 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysteryThriller A private detective hired to expose an adulterer in 1930s Los Angeles finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder.A private detective hired to expose an adulterer in 1930s Los Angeles finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder.A private detective hired to expose an adulterer in 1930s Los Angeles finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 312K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,213 564 Director Roman Polanski Writers Robert Towne Roman Polanski(uncredited) Stars Jack Nicholson Faye Dunaway John Huston Top credits Director Roman Polanski Writers Robert Towne Roman Polanski(uncredited) Stars Jack Nicholson Faye Dunaway John Huston See production, box office & company info 587User reviews 162Critic reviews 92Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #153 Won 1 Oscar 21 wins & 24 nominations total Videos9 Trailer 3:17 Chinatown Clip 3:43 Trailer Breakdown: 'The Batman' Clip 1:34 Chinatown | Anniversary Mashup Clip 0:57 Chinatown Clip 0:53 Chinatown Clip 0:49 Chinatown Clip 0:49 Chinatown Clip 0:45 Chinatown Video 0:51 Film Fight Club: New York vs. Los Angeles Photos164 Top cast Edit Jack Nicholson J.J. Gittesas J.J. Gittes Faye Dunaway Evelyn Mulwrayas Evelyn Mulwray John Huston Noah Crossas Noah Cross Perry Lopez Escobaras Escobar John Hillerman Yelburtonas Yelburton Darrell Zwerling Hollis Mulwrayas Hollis Mulwray Diane Ladd Ida Sessionsas Ida Sessions Roy Jenson Mulvihillas Mulvihill Roman Polanski Man with Knifeas Man with Knife Richard Bakalyan Loachas Loach (as Dick Bakalyan) Joe Mantell Walshas Walsh Bruce Glover Duffyas Duffy Nandu Hinds Sophieas Sophie James O'Rear Lawyeras Lawyer (as James O'Reare) James Hong Evelyn's Butleras Evelyn's Butler Beulah Quo Maidas Maid Jerry Fujikawa Gardeneras Gardener Belinda Palmer Katherineas Katherine Director Roman Polanski Writers Robert Towne Roman Polanski(uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Raging Bull 8.1 The Deer Hunter 8.1 Fargo 8.2 L.A. Confidential 8.5 Casablanca 8.3 North by Northwest 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 Vertigo 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.2 Taxi Driver 6.2 The Two Jakes Storyline Edit In 1937 Los Angeles, private investigator Jake 'J.J.' Gittes specializes in cheating-spouse cases. His current target is Hollis Mulwray, high-profile chief engineer for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, whose wife suspects him of infidelity. In following Mulwray, Gittes witnesses some usual business dealings, such as a public meeting for construction of a new dam to create additional water supply for Los Angeles, as fresh water is vital to the growing community during the chronic drought; Mulwray opposes the dam. Eventually Gittes sees Mulwray meeting with an unknown young woman who isn't his wife. Once news of the supposed tryst between Mulwray and this woman hits the media, additional information comes to light that makes Gittes believe that Mulwray is being framed for something and that he himself is being set up. In his investigation of the issue behind Mulwray's framing and his own setup, Gittes is assisted by Mulwray's wife Evelyn, but he thinks she isn't being forthright with him. The further he gets into the investigation, the more secrets he uncovers about the Mulwrays' professional and personal dealings, including Mulwray's former business-partnership with Evelyn's father, Noah Cross. The identity of the unknown woman may be the key to uncovering the whole story. —Huggo neo noirprivate detectivefemme fataledetectivepolice374 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You get tough. You get tender. You get close to each other. Maybe you even get close to the truth. Genres Drama Mystery Thriller Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia At the time of filming, Jack Nicholson had just embarked on his longstanding relationship with Anjelica Huston. This made his scenes with her father, John Huston, rather uncomfortable, especially as the only time Anjelica was on set was the day they were filming the scene where Noah Cross interrogates Nicholson's character with "Mr. Gittes...do you sleep with my daughter?" Goofs When Mrs. Mulwray drives away from the Coroner's office, a siren is heard in the background. The siren is a modern electronic one. In the 1930s, they only had mechanical sirens, which have a different sound. Quotes [last lines] Walsh: Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown. Crazy credits The film opens with the 1940's Paramount logo. Alternate versions TV versions omit the "screwing like a chinaman" joke told by Jake. Connections Edited into The Two Jakes (1990) Soundtracks I Can't Get Started Ira Gershwin and Vernon Duke As Recorded by Bunny Berigan and His Orchestra (Courtesy of RCA Records) User reviews587 Review Top review An excellent piece of filmmaking. If it wasn't for the fact that most of the cast would have been too young or not born yet, this movie could have been made in the 1930's or 1940's. It reminds one of the film noirs that Hollywood used to make during that time period. It is a superb example of film making, certainly among the 20 best movies I have ever seen. Jack Nicholson is private detective Jake Gitties, who can be as hard-boiled as Humphrey Bogart's Phil Marlowe. But Gitties is different: He is intelligent, dresses well and has associates whom work with him. Gitties is hired by Evelyn Mulwray (Faye Dunaway) to investigate into an extra-martial affair she believes her husband is having. However, the investigation leads into bigger things involving the water supply of Los Angeles, which is in the middle of a drought. A series of double-crosses, murders and plot twists all lead into a climatic showdown in Chinatown which has a surprising conclusion. If the saying `They don't make them like they used to' was ever more true, it was with this movie. Sex is only suggested between the Nicholson and Dunaway characters, yet it is convincing enough. And although Faye Dunaway is a beautiful woman, we never see frontal nudity of her (Directors today would do just the opposite). Some of the plot twists also would not be possibly made today, especially the ending (Which, if you haven't seen the movie, I cannot reveal). Nicholson is a tour de force in his role as Gitties, but the rest of the supporting cast (Including John Huston as Mulwray's deceptive father) is equally superb. As to how Nicholson could loose the Best Actor Oscar to Art Carney in Harry and Toto is beyond me. Faye Dunaway was also nominated for Best Actress, only to loose to Ellen Burstyn for Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore. Fortunately, Nicholson and Duanway have both won Oscars since. In addition, the film itself received nominations for Best Picture and Best Director for Roman Polanski (Who has a cameo in the movie as the knife-welding thug who cuts Nicholson's nose), but those Oscars would be lost to The Godfather, Part II. The only Oscar won was for Robert Towne's screenplay, which is today considered the model for film writing. After watching the movie, one will know why. From the stellar performances to the sharp direction to the superb screenplay, this is a cinema treasure. helpful•114 38 Neal Wruck Nov 21, 2001 FAQ12 Evelyn Mulray's middle initial was C, which she said stands for Cross since she Noah Cross's daughter. Am I to understand then that her full maiden name was Evelyn Cross Cross? Is "Chinatown" based on a book? What is the meaning of "Chinatown" and the last lines of the movie? Details Edit Release date June 20, 1974 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English Cantonese Spanish Also known as 唐人街 Filming locations Spring Street, Chinatown, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures Penthouse Video Long Road Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $29,200,000 Gross worldwide $29,225,935 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 10 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘Saving Private Ryan’ Scribe Robert Rodat Penning ‘Semper Fi’; Hawk Koch & Allyn Stewart Producing Nov 3Deadline Film + TV Kolchak: The Night Stalker – The Complete Series Oct 26Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Chinatown (1974) in Brazil?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.