Cidade de Deus (2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0317248/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_22
Cidade de Deus (2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Cidade de Deus 20022002 RR 2h 10m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 726K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 723 40 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:59 2 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDrama In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin.In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin.In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 726K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 723 40 Directors Fernando Meirelles Kátia Lund Writers Paulo Lins(novel) Bráulio Mantovani(screenplay) Stars Alexandre Rodrigues Leandro Firmino Matheus Nachtergaele Top credits Directors Fernando Meirelles Kátia Lund Writers Paulo Lins(novel) Bráulio Mantovani(screenplay) Stars Alexandre Rodrigues Leandro Firmino Matheus Nachtergaele See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 219Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #22 Nominated for 4 Oscars 74 wins & 50 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 0:59 City of God: Blu-Ray Trailer 0:55 City of God Photos114 Top cast Edit Alexandre Rodrigues Buscapé - Rocketas Buscapé - Rocket Leandro Firmino Zé Pequeno - Li'l Zéas Zé Pequeno - Li'l Zé Matheus Nachtergaele Sandro Cenoura - Carrotas Sandro Cenoura - Carrot Phellipe Haagensen Bené - Bennyas Bené - Benny Douglas Silva Dadinho - Li'l Diceas Dadinho - Li'l Dice Jonathan Haagensen Cabeleira - Shaggyas Cabeleira - Shaggy Seu Jorge Mané Galinha - Knockout Nedas Mané Galinha - Knockout Ned Jefechander Suplino Alicate - Clipperas Alicate - Clipper Alice Braga Angélicaas Angélica Emerson Gomes Barbantinho - Stringyas Barbantinho - Stringy Edson Oliveira Barbantinho Adulto - Older Stringyas Barbantinho Adulto - Older Stringy Michel Gomes Bené Criança - Young Bennyas Bené Criança - Young Benny (as Michel De Souza Gomes) Roberta Rodrigues Berenice - Berniceas Berenice - Bernice Luis Otávio Buscapé Criança - Young Rocketas Buscapé Criança - Young Rocket Kiko Marques Cabeção - Melonheadas Cabeção - Melonhead (as Maurício Marques) Gustavo Engrácia Editor do Jornal - Rogerio Reisas Editor do Jornal - Rogerio Reis Darlan Cunha Filé-com-Fritas - Steak and Friesas Filé-com-Fritas - Steak and Fries Robson Rocha Gelson - Gersonas Gelson - Gerson Directors Fernando Meirelles Kátia Lund Writers Paulo Lins(novel) Bráulio Mantovani(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 La vita è bella 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.5 American History X 8.5 The Usual Suspects 8.6 Se7en 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.7 Goodfellas 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 8.5 Léon 9.0 12 Angry Men 8.9 Schindler's List 8.6 Shichinin no samurai Storyline Edit Brazil, 1960s, City of God. The Tender Trio robs motels and gas trucks. Younger kids watch and learn well...too well. 1970s: Li'l Zé has prospered very well and owns the city. He causes violence and fear as he wipes out rival gangs without mercy. His best friend Bené is the only one to keep him on the good side of sanity. Rocket has watched these two gain power for years, and he wants no part of it. he keeps getting swept up in the madness. All he wants to do is take pictures. 1980s: Things are out of control between the last two remaining gangs...will it ever end? Welcome to the City of God. —Jeff Mellinger <jeffmellinger@astound.net> photographerslumgangbrazilfavela297 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines If you run, the beast will get you. If you stay, the beast will eat you Genres Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong brutal violence, sexuality, drug content and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When we hear Buscapé (Alexandre Rodrigues) talking to Marina (Graziella Moretto) about how "he never took a hot bath", that was not scripted. Actually, that was Rodrigues and Moretto talking off camera, during a pause in the shooting, when the boy (who lived on the slums) was telling her about his life. Goofs Lil' Ze is taken into custody by the police, Rocket runs after the police truck. The Police truck passes by a late - model Chevrolet S10, black, circa 2001. The movie is set in the seventies. Quotes Buscapé: It was like a message from God: "Honesty doesn't pay, sucker." Crazy credits During the end credits there is shown actual real-life footage of the real Mané Galinha, or Knockout-Ned as he is translated into in the American version of the film. This is in fact the same TV interview we see constructed in the film, and we can see that the filmmakers have copied this TV interview down to the smallest detail. Alternate versions The Indian Censor Board deleted the visuals of frontal nudity in the motel and the dialogue of two ladies about sexual experiences. It was given an 'A' (restricted to adults) certificate. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Best Films of 2002 (2003) Soundtracks Alvorada Written by Cartola / Carlos Cachaça / Hermínio Bello de Carvalho (as Hermínio B. Carvalho) Performed by Cartola Peer Music do Brasil Edições Musicais Ltda Licensed by EMI Music Ltda User reviews1K Review Top review 10/10 an exillerating ride through the life of gangsters I am a big fan of foreign film, because its great to see directors with different points of view than the average American director. City of God is the epitome of a great foreign film. It shows the classic struggle between right and wrong, in a brand new way. The raw directing style, coupled with a great soundtrack makes for a movie which many different kinds of people can enjoy. Weather your a Harvard intellectual or the local idiot, you can enjoy this. The vicious cycle of the gangster lifestyle is portrayed with haunting accuracy. It even forces the audience to sympathize with some of the nastiest thugs in the world. All in all, City of God is one the greatest movies of my time and each time i watch it i enjoy it more than the last. helpful•249 86 jpisani-1 Dec 15, 2004 FAQ3 Is 'City of God' based on a novel? Why is the favela called "City of God"? It seems like just the opposite. The "Runts" frequently mention the formation of a "Red" gang. Is there any significance to this? Details Edit Release date August 30, 2002 (Brazil) Countries of origin Brazil France Germany Official sites Official Facebook Official Facebook Language Portuguese Also known as 上帝之城 Filming locations Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Production companies O2 Filmes VideoFilmes Globo Filmes See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget R$3,300,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $7,564,459 Opening weekend US & Canada $88,292 Jan 19, 2003 Gross worldwide $30,680,793 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 10 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news AFM: Upgrade Productions Looking to Capitalize on ‘Squid Game’ Effect Nov 5The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV How a Year of Upheaval Will Affect the Oscar Race (Column) Oct 28Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Cidade de Deus (2002) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.