Citizen Kane (1941) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0033467/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_94
Citizen Kane (1941) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Citizen Kane 19411941 PGPG 1h 59m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 425K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,385 116 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:46 4 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMystery Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance; 'Rosebud'.Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance; 'Rosebud'.Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance; 'Rosebud'. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 425K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,385 116 Director Orson Welles Writers Herman J. Mankiewicz(original screen play) Orson Welles(original screen play) John Houseman(contributing writer) Stars Orson Welles Joseph Cotten Dorothy Comingore Top credits Director Orson Welles Writers Herman J. Mankiewicz(original screen play) Orson Welles(original screen play) John Houseman(contributing writer) Stars Orson Welles Joseph Cotten Dorothy Comingore See production, box office & company info 1.5KUser reviews 271Critic reviews 100Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #94 Won 1 Oscar 11 wins & 13 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 3:46 Citizen Kane: Trailer Clip 3:00 'Mank' Disputes Who Wrote 'Citizen Kane' Clip 4:16 6 Movie & TV Podcasts When You Need a Binge Break Featurette 4:41 John Landis on Citizen Kane Photos174 Top cast Edit Orson Welles Kaneas Kane Joseph Cotten Jedediah Lelandas Jedediah Leland… Dorothy Comingore Susan Alexander Kaneas Susan Alexander Kane Agnes Moorehead Mary Kaneas Mary Kane Ruth Warrick Emily Monroe Norton Kaneas Emily Monroe Norton Kane Ray Collins James W. Gettysas James W. Gettys Erskine Sanford Herbert Carteras Herbert Carter… Everett Sloane Mr. Bernsteinas Mr. Bernstein William Alland Jerry Thompsonas Jerry Thompson Paul Stewart Raymondas Raymond George Coulouris Walter Parks Thatcheras Walter Parks Thatcher Fortunio Bonanova Matisteas Matiste Gus Schilling The Headwaiteras The Headwaiter… Philip Van Zandt Mr. Rawlstonas Mr. Rawlston Georgia Backus Miss Andersonas Miss Anderson Harry Shannon Kane's Fatheras Kane's Father Sonny Bupp Kane IIIas Kane III Buddy Swan Kane - Age Eightas Kane - Age Eight Director Orson Welles Writers Herman J. Mankiewicz(original screen play) Orson Welles(original screen play) John Houseman(contributing writer) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 Casablanca 8.3 Vertigo 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 Singin' in the Rain 8.3 North by Northwest 8.5 Psycho 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.3 M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder 8.2 Taxi Driver Storyline Edit A group of reporters are trying to decipher the last word ever spoken by Charles Foster Kane, the millionaire newspaper tycoon: "Rosebud". The film begins with a news reel detailing Kane's life for the masses, and then from there, we are shown flashbacks from Kane's life. As the reporters investigate further, the viewers see a display of a fascinating man's rise to fame, and how he eventually fell off the top of the world. —Zack H. newspaper publisherrosebudnew yorknarcissismmaterialism478 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Radio's Most Dynamic Artist . . The Man At Whose Voice A Nation Trembled . . . Now the screen's most exciting NEW star ! ORSON WELLES in the picture Hollywood said he'd never make Genres Drama Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Despite all the publicity, the film was a box-office flop and was quickly consigned to the RKO vaults. At 1941's Academy Awards the film was booed every time one of its nine nominations was announced. It was only re-released to the public in the mid-'50s. Goofs During the picnic scene towards the end, Welles had to shoot against a back-projection because a location shoot was too costly and time-consuming. The stock footage used for the exterior was taken from King Kong (1933), hence on closer inspection the four birds that fly by are in fact very definite pterodactyls. RKO told Welles to take the pterodactyls out of the shot, but he liked them, and decided to keep them. Quotes Mr. Bernstein: Old age. It's the only disease, Mr. Thompson, that you don't look forward to being cured of. Crazy credits In a very rare move the director's credit is shown on the same card as the cinematographer's. This was Orson Welles's personal decision to show his thanks to cinematographer Toland for his enormous contributions to the film, meaning equal rights. Alternate versions The Italian-language version cut an overwhelming number of scenes, leading to "complete" versions of the film to be circa half of the time in English and only the remaining half in Italian. Connections Featured in The Projectionist (1970) Soundtracks It Can't Be Love (uncredited) Written by Charlie Barnet and Haven Johnson Arranged by The King Cole Trio Performed by Raymond Tate, Buddy Collette, Buddy Banks, CeePee Johnson, and Alton Redd User reviews1.5K Review Top review 10/10 A great piece of cinema, a magnificent example of storytelling I've heard so much told about Citizen Kane and Orson Welles, so I finally decided to get the film, and find out if it really is all that it's cracked up to be... I must say, it's great. The plot is great, and the way it's told is amazing. The story is first summed up in a matter of minutes, about 15, to be more accurate, and then the rest of the film has characters telling the story through flashbacks and retelling. We hear just about every opinion about Charles Foster Kane, apart from his own. The story is told after his death, and we see everything important that leads up to it, and only in the very end do we understand him, only then do we fully understand who he was, and what made him so. The ending also reveals one of the very most important things in any man or woman... one thing that everyone needs and knows of. I won't reveal it here, as it would almost be a crime to spoil the experience of this film to anyone. The acting is excellent; Welles himself is stellar as Kane, and his impressive appearance, along with his commanding voice, makes the character a forceful sight, nay, experience. The characters are well-written and credible. The character of Kane is probably the most well-rounded and perfectly built up I've seen in a movie, ever. The cinematography is excellent... the editing is great. I can't praise the angles, pans, zooms and transitions enough... it just has to be experienced. Now, for the one thing I can criticize in the film; the pacing. It's only two hours long, but it feels like much, much more. There were portions of the film where it felt like it didn't move at all. When there weren't great dialog or something equally as good in the film, it dragged terribly. There were too many scenes where the dialog seemed pointless, as well, I think. It didn't seem to be leading to anything. However, this criticism is so minor, due to the ending more than making up for it, that I still give this film a perfect score. I can't do anything but agree with its placing at the top of the top #250 films of all time, here on IMDb. As I'm writing this, it's #11. That's pretty much what it deserves, in my opinion. Not higher, not lower. Not the greatest film of all time(that pretty much still belongs to The Godfather, I think... at least, I haven't seen a better film than that, yet), but definitely far up there. I recommend this to any fan of film in general, and anyone who thinks they can understand it; it has a truly profound point that any man(and woman) should know of(preferably through seeing the film for themselves). Don't let the fact that it's old and black & white deter you from seeing this masterpiece. A true cinematic masterpiece, in every sense of the word. 10/10 helpful•181 85 TBJCSKCNRRQTreviews Oct 21, 2004 FAQ6 What is 'Citizen Kane' about? Is 'Citizen Kane' based on a book? Is this film based on a true story? Details Edit Release date September 5, 1941 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English Italian Also known as 公民凯恩 Filming locations Busch Gardens - S. Grove Avenue, Pasadena, California, USA Production companies RKO Radio Pictures Mercury Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $839,727 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $1,585,634 Gross worldwide $1,603,237 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news The Scarf, Impeccably Clean Kitchens, and the Red Typewriter: Our Favorite Moments From Taylor Swift’s ‘All Too Well’ Short Film Nov 13Rollingstone.com Citizen Kane Ending Explained Nov 12Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Citizen Kane (1941) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.