City Lights (1931) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0021749/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_42
City Lights (1931) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In City Lights 19311931 GG 1h 27m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 177K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics ComedyDramaRomance With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically.With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically.With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 177K YOUR RATING Rate Director Charles Chaplin Writers Charles Chaplin Harry Carr(uncredited) Harry Crocker(uncredited) Stars Charles Chaplin Virginia Cherrill Florence Lee Top credits Director Charles Chaplin Writers Charles Chaplin Harry Carr(uncredited) Harry Crocker(uncredited) Stars Charles Chaplin Virginia Cherrill Florence Lee See production, box office & company info 318User reviews 130Critic reviews 99Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #42 Awards 3 wins Photos84 Top cast Edit Charles Chaplin A Trampas A Tramp Virginia Cherrill A Blind Girlas A Blind Girl Florence Lee The Blind Girl's Grandmotheras The Blind Girl's Grandmother Harry Myers An Eccentric Millionaireas An Eccentric Millionaire Al Ernest Garcia The Millionaire's Butleras The Millionaire's Butler (as Allan Garcia) Hank Mann A Prizefighteras A Prizefighter Johnny Aber Newsboyas Newsboy (uncredited) Jack Alexander Boxing Match Spectatoras Boxing Match Spectator (uncredited) T.S. Alexander Doctoras Doctor (uncredited) Victor Alexander Superstitious Boxeras Superstitious Boxer (uncredited) Albert Austin Street Sweeperas Street Sweeper (uncredited) … Harry Ayers Copas Cop (uncredited) Eddie Baker Boxing Fight Refereeas Boxing Fight Referee (uncredited) Henry Bergman Mayoras Mayor (uncredited) … Edward Biby Nightclub Patronas Nightclub Patron (uncredited) Betty Blair Woman at Center of Table in Restaurantas Woman at Center of Table in Restaurant (uncredited) Buster Brodie Bald Party Guestas Bald Party Guest (uncredited) Jeanne Carpenter Diner in Restaurantas Diner in Restaurant (uncredited) Director Charles Chaplin Writers Charles Chaplin Harry Carr(uncredited) Harry Crocker(uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 The Great Dictator 8.2 The Gold Rush 8.6 Shichinin no samurai 8.5 Casablanca 8.1 The Circus 8.6 Seppuku 8.5 C'era una volta il West 8.5 Rear Window 8.5 Nuovo Cinema Paradiso 8.5 Hotaru no haka 8.5 Psycho 8.1 Limelight Storyline Edit A tramp falls in love with a beautiful blind girl. Her family is in financial trouble. The tramp's on-and-off friendship with a wealthy man allows him to be the girl's benefactor and suitor. —John J. Magee <magee@helix.mgh.harvard.edu> slapstick comedymusic score composed by directorthe little tramp charactercarbutler103 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines HE RETURNS -And the world rocks again with laughter. (Print Ad-Daily Examiner, ((Grafton, NSW)) 6 July 1931) Genres Comedy Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Charles Chaplin re-shot the scene in which the Little Tramp buys a flower from the blind flower-girl 342 times, as he could not find a satisfactory way of showing that the blind flower-girl thought that the mute tramp was wealthy. Goofs (at around 39 mins) When the Tramp accidentally swallows the whistle, his real eyebrows are visible beneath his fake ones. This was done intentionally to give him a lopsided, intoxicated facial expression. Quotes The Tramp: You can see now? A Blind Girl: Yes, I can see now. Alternate versions About seven minutes of footage of Georgia Hale playing the flower girl exists and is included in the 2003 DVD release. The footage was shot during a brief period when the actress originally cast to play the character had been fired and replaced with Hale, but Charles Chaplin was forced to resume filming with the original actress due to the amount of film already shot. Connections Edited into Histoire(s) du cinéma: Fatale beauté (1994) Soundtracks Flower Girl Theme (uncredited) Music by José Padilla User reviews318 Review Top review 9/10 One Of Chaplin''s Best & Most Endearing Films I always thought this was one of Charlie Chaplin's nicest, most under-appreciated silent movie gems. Then I discovered it really wasn't underrated; it's rated very high on most critics' lists. It may be that I usually hear about some of his other movies than I do this one. Part of the reason I think so highly of this is simply that I'm a sentimentalist and story in this film is a very touching one. It's a romance between Charlie's tramp character (no name) and a blind girl, who also had no name in this film. Virginia Cherill, who played the blind woman and had a wholesome, pretty face which I found very attractive. I'm not always a huge fan of pantomime except for some great comedians of the era like Chaplin, Harold Lloyd and Buster Keaton, but Chaplin was so good at it and this is one of the last of dying breed as "talkies" were out in full force by 1931. Chaplin was at his best in silent movies, anyway, and his comedy routines are legendary. He gave me a lot of laughs in this film, as always, and I particularly laughed (I love slapstick) at the boxing scene. Kudos, too, to Harry Myers as the "eccentric millionaire." There's a lot of drama as well as humor in this 86-minute gem as the Tramp tries to aid a blind girl, raising money so she can get an operation to restore her sight. Comedy, romance, drama (with suffering) all combine to make this an extraordinary piece of entertainment. It's hard to believe this movie was not up for one, single Academy Award. helpful•51 10 ccthemovieman-1 Jul 15, 2007 FAQ3 Is 'city Lights' based on a book? Why is it called "City Lights"? What titles feature wacky boxing? Details Edit Release date March 7, 1931 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Instagram Official Site Languages None English Also known as 城市之光 Filming locations Chaplin Studios - 1416 N. La Brea Avenue, Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, USA Production company Charles Chaplin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $19,181 Opening weekend US & Canada $9,102 Jul 8, 2007 Gross worldwide $47,017 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 27 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Silent Aspect ratio 1.20 : 1 Related news The Real Charlie Chaplin Review: An Ambitious Attempt To Quantify a Legend Nov 17The Film Stage Rs Country Music Picks for Week of June 14th Jun 14Rollingstone.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to City Lights (1931) in Mexico?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.