Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2397461/reviews/?ref_=tt_ql_urv
Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) User Reviews Review this title 51 Reviews Hide Spoilers Sort by: Helpfulness Review Date Total Votes Prolific Reviewer Review Rating Filter by Rating: Show All 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 6 Stars 7 Stars 8 Stars 9 Stars 10 Stars 6/10 Rather enjoyable family movie... paul_haakonsen10 November 2021 Neither me nor my son were familiar with the animated series with the big red dog, so we sat down to watch the 2021 family movie "Clifford The Big Red Dog" without having a clue what we were in for, aside from it being a movie with an oversized red puppy. I will say that writers Jay Scherick, David Ronn, Blaise Hemingway, Justin Malen and Ellen Rapoport definitely managed to put together a wholesome and entertaining movie for the entire family, because there was something to enjoy here for all members of the audience, regardless of age. The storyline told in "Clifford The Big Red Dog" was rather enjoyable and actually proved entertaining from begininng to end, so thumbs up to the writers for that accomplishment, and also to director Walt Becker for bringing the script to life on the screen in a good way. It should be said that the effects in the movie were good, and the oversized red puppy definitely came off as being realistic and believable, not to mention very adorable and loveable, as puppies usually are. So the CGI team that worked on "Clifford The Big Red Dog" certainly worked their magic in bringing the great red puppy to life on the screen. Of course realism and such is out the window here, but then again, it is not something you take into the equation when you sit down and watch a movie such as "Clifford The Big Red Dog". The movie also has a good ensemble of casted performers on the cast list, with the likes of Darby Camp, Jack Whitehall, David Alan Grier and John Cleese. If you enjoy family movies, then you should definitely take the time to sit down and watch "Clifford The Big Red Dog", as it was rather enjoyable. My rating of "Clifford The Big Red Dog" lands on a well-deserved six out of ten stars. 13 out of 16 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Cute family film. cruise0113 November 2021 3 out of 5 stars. Clifford being made into a live action film is finally on the screen. It is cute. The cast is charming with there roles. The humor is cheesy and fun for the whole family. The story is decent. And the visual effects are iffy. But still enjoyable for the family. 3 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Great formulated story, but I was almost taken out of it by so so effects. subxerogravity15 November 2021 I'm aware of the books but not familiar with them. One thing that I thought was odd is not once did I get the feeling that they actually used a real dog for this picture. I don't know if making the dog CGI red possibly effected how real it looked to my eye but I thought it was strange that not at one point did Clifford look real when obviously they had no problem using a real dog. They got a cute kid to head up the movie. Although sometimes it felt she was not interacting with the fake dog all that well (and kids are supposed to be good at that, right?). This could be the fault of the visual effects. Then again, there was some great stunt work with the CGI dog that contradicts that. So, the CGI is a very big part of making this dog come to life and yet it's so so. That's not good. The iffy visuals almost overshadowed an All-star cast (Well All-Star to me). It was a pro to me to go see the film. The online poster stated Rosie Perez was one of the stars of the movie, and I was like cool, but her role was only in one scene and was not even big enough to get into the credits sequence at the end of the movie. That's ok cause Clifford had many other D Listers like Kemon Thompson, Tony Hale, John Cleese and a couple of other actors you may have seen on Saturday Night Live. Heartwarming Story almost makes you forget they the CGI lacks in some cases, but it really does affect the movie. 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Family Friendly Feature stevendbeard12 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers I saw "Clifford the Big Red Dog", Darby Camp-Big Little Lies_tv, The Christmas Chronicles movies; Jack Whitehall-Jungle Cruise, Mother's Day; Tony Hale-Nine Days, RV and John Cleese-The Day the Earth Stood Still_2008, Die Another Day. This is a live action-with CGI for Clifford-movie based on the popular children's books and animated shows. It is also a family friendly feature that the whole family can enjoy. Darby plays a 12 year old girl that is bullied at school because she doesn't fit in with the other kids-most of them are rich and she is not. Her mother goes out of town on business so her uncle Jack is in charge but he is not the best role model. He is sloppy, lazy, forgetful, and lives in a truck. Jack is taking Darby to school when they cross paths with John, who has a tent set up with rescue animals. That is where they meet Clifford and Darby falls in love with him. Clifford is a small red puppy but overnight, he grows-it is explained how-into a 10 foot tall puppy and when Tony sees him on tv, he wants him. Tony has a genetics company that is trying to grow things bigger to help feed the world-and get richer-but has been unsuccessful so far, so he thinks Clifford is the answer to his prayers. There are lots of funny antics and situations to entertain everyone, plus a moral lesson about acceptance. There are a couple of comedians in cameos; I remember seeing David Alan Grier, Paul Rodriguez and Kenan Thompson. It's rated "PG" for mild action and impolite humor and has a running time of 1 hour & 37 minutes. I don't know if I would buy it on DVD-maybe for my grandkids-but it would be a good rental. 1 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Actually not half bad aidanratesmovies13 November 2021 Far more enjoyable than I expected it to be, although not anything to cry home about, Clifford the Big Red Dog gets its job done doing what it needs to do. I'll start with the films cons- mainly being the many jokes that don't work and its incredibly generic villain. Yeah its expected to have some corny jokes and some that don't simply work in a movie like this, but its just disappointing to see how in the midst of trying so hard on this film, they still don't realize how it drags the film down in quality. And yeah, the villain is about as forgettable as they come- and honestly a very odd choice. I enjoy Tony Hale as much as the next guy, but he just doesn't work as a villain- let alone someone who is trying to accomplish world hunger, but I guess he just cares about money- but its still such an odd odd choice both casting and writing wise. The film is moderately entertaining throughout and has a very sweet charm to it, even made me tear up a couple of times. Its an incredibly sweet film about friendship and family, and its central message is very well executed in the end. It's not as big as its titular character, but in the end, Clifford the Big Red Dog isn't half bad for an adaptation of a childrens book from nearly 60 years ago. Lets just hope they don't make it into a franchise. My Rating: 5.6/10. 7 out of 8 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 A Dog Gone Cute Film rgkarim12 November 2021 LIKES: The Pace: The books are not the deepest bits of lore, always meant to capture attention with the colorful illustrations and superficial fun. This live adaptation manages to keep that fun going, using the imagery to entertain, while also allowing time to enjoy the simplistic story set before it. There is little dawdling and identity politics in this movie, and instead just trying to give you an adventure with a unique dog and his loving owner. Kids will love the fast paced nature of the film, and parents should be happy that they get out of the movie a bit faster than your typical film. However, it should be noted that the movie also gives time to appreciate aspects of the film, at least to the children's book level quality. The Story: Clifford's story is certainly simple and fun, and like many movies of the modern era, instilled to teach the younger generation. A few important life lessons are illustrated in the movie and preaching the message we got hit with during the election. Charming, well versed, and presented in a straightforward manner, Clifford's human cast is ready to raise awareness to these issues. Yet, the biggest part of the story I loved was just the core tale of the girl and her love for the dog, and that heartwarming element makes you feel good, assuming you can get past the preachiness of it. The Comedy, to an extent: Clifford is a kids oriented film, and that means the comedy is following that suit as well. For kids, the antics are most likely going to result in the theater or room erupting in laughter, while for parents there are going to be spare moments of actual laughs. Yet, there are times where the forced line, timing, and the joke itself are funny and will appeal to the more mature palette. The child like nature in my heart also got some laughs out as well and I absolutely felt a third of the movie I chuckled in. The Cute Factor: It's a family fun film, with the level a 1 or 2 at most for being too much viewers. Clifford's safe waters amplify and rely on you being drawn in by the cute factor, and do not shy away from feeling like the book's they are based on. Puppy antics are the heart of the cuteness, but there are some other things that deserve a nod from me in this film. The neighborhood factor is charming and adorable, giving vibes of Sesame Street that help establish that extended family friends. Emily's relationship with a few of her friends also is wrapped up in a nice little bow, and holds a relevant factor to me, which once again amplifies the awe factor I held for it. Again, it's family friendly aspect that are enjoyable, and I absolutely think this will be a high factor for the intended audience. The Animation/Dog: The star of the show is actually the one who is not alive, the CGI dog that is Clifford. While he is not the goofy, big eyed dog made famous in the books, the Labrador look suits him well and the puppy element kept in theme with the dog. I fell in love with the design of the puppy, and impressed with the details that they manage to add in this movie. His animation was smooth, the physiology executed perfectly, adding those touches of whines, moans, and barks that the canine animal kingdom thrives in. And yet, they also added a human quality that pets seem to have, helping to give Clifford more character to fall in love with. He was utilized well, for both storytelling and comedy, and the commercialism of him delivered 110% for this reviewer. Kids will fall in love with the titular character, and hopefully the older group will appreciate the work that went into him. DISLIKES: Predictable: While the story is in line the books, it does not mean we needed to be devoid of a little extra flare factor in the movie. Clifford's adventure holds little surprise, and you can discern the story in about twenty minutes from the start. I did not need anything dark or super complicated, but I think we can all agree that adding some layers could have elevated the audience range a little more. The Antagonist Kids movies have shown great villains in the form of Scar, Xibalba, even Maleficent. Clifford did not give us that award winning bad guy, instead generic poser who did little but overact and talk like a snide business man. The weaker antagonist made for impasses and obstacles that could have again livened up the movie. It led again to scenes lacking suspense, and a very G rated experience that did little for the older audience member like myself. Again, kids should be okay, but trending towards the preteen era, may see diminishing returns compared to other classic kids movies and makes it a little boring unfortunately. The Acting: I get it, this is not meant to be the Academies, but more effort could have been used to up the game a little bit. Clifford's group is certainly not the worst acting bunch, but there is much to be desired in the young cast that I hope to see evolve in future works. The lead role has moments that are touching and really show the potential, while other times are forced acting that fall back into uncomfortable direction that I don't think they intended. The second child star was okay, and he hits points that will have younger audience members cackling in glee. Yet, the direction of the character is a bit haphazard, uneven, and inconsistent that needed some toning down to be the character I think they wanted. As for the adults, they do some things very well, but again most of them are very one dimensional, super annoying at times, and so forced on comedy that again you need to have the kid state of mind to fully appreciate it. John Cleese is the exception to the rule, and he delivers his wacky, wizard role to fine perfection and balance that I had wished we had more of him. The Stunts/Action: Highly geared towards kids, the adventure/exciting parts are cute, and there are times that it certainly delivers maximum impact on the dream of having a giant puppy. However, there are other times where the stunts are super silly, vaudeville like moments that are about being clumsy oafs, with overdone falling and overacted hits. Cute and funny as it is, it's excess takes away from the other moments of the movie I think they wanted to achieve. Had these been geared with a little more suspense, and having that adventure style without the intrusion of these wacky antics would have been fantastic to really make these moments the most fun. Super Preachy In The End: As the ending is winding down, the emotions are running high, and there is a fun adventure moment to try to close the adventure out with, we get the final moments of the movie in a big speech. Emily makes the political speech to offset all the stuff she had done, and it is super preachy to the extent of getting caught up in the in your face moments that movies are becoming. It was cheesy, and lacked the finesse and majesty that I think they were envisioning when designing the final moment. Again, I like the message, I like the heart, and the intent, but the execution was sort of lost to the overdramatic flair that they had it come out. The VERDICT: Clifford's real life adventure has the heart and soul of the books, and is perfect for the goal of making family fun at the theater. I loved the pacing and energy, had fun with the cute jokes and atmosphere, and appreciated the heartwarming nature this movie brings in the short run time. Clifford is the star of the show by far, and the CGI dog captured much of my attention in design, movement, and character and my highest selling point for this film getting a view. Yet, the movie is geared towards the family environment a little too much, and gets a little ridiculous and over the top to lean away from older audience members. The antagonist is minimal, the excitement diluted by over silly moments, and the story's simplicity leaves it lacking the full growth I had hoped to find in this film. A theater visit can be fun, but if you have been subscribing to Paramount+, then you'll be just fine at home watching this film given the quality, though I would like it to make enough money to get another shot at a sequel, because I love that puppy. My scores are: Animation/Adventure/Comedy: 7.0. Movie Overall: 5.5. 4 out of 7 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 A Big Red Dog named Clifford legobuilderpro11 November 2021 This movie was just what I thought it was going to be. Just like the Clifford books and PBS show it is just as kid friendly and cute like the the show and books were showing. The acting was fine and I think the actor playing Cliffords owner Emily Elizabeth was trying to give a good performance, sometimes it works but sometimes it's awkward. The other actors are just silly because its a kids movie and they can be entertained by that, even when there is a big red dog running around. Clifford was actually cute and lovable with pretty good effects making Clifford looking real, only when there are close ups of Emily Elizabeth riding Clifford it can obviously look like CGI. But most of the effects work and I found myself liking what they have, even if it is random and made only to entertain kids. If you like the Clifford the Big Red Dog books and PBS show then you might like this. Overall It was entertaining and surprising when it does something I didn't expect, but it's just a normal kids movie. 10 out of 11 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Hey Girrrrrrl statuskuo10 November 2021 Clifford The Big Red Dog is indicative of the Boomer generation creation that becomes iconic, in terms of its simplicity. He is big...he is red and he is a dog, no doubt. The 60's, where the books come from, have this sensibility. Making the most basic things blow up in popularity. Though the movie takes place in present day New York City, this movie definitely belongs in a different generation. One that requires that a man who lives in his cube truck be gleefully unapologetic about his lot in life, or that a paralegal and her daughter can afford to live in a large Harlem apartment. Or that everyone in the neighborhood are mystically whimsical and light, then this movie is for you. It may as well be a musical. The story is of a girl for which magic works, and if your brain doesn't accept this, then this film is not for you. I happen to miss this level of innocence. It lacks the cynicism to which politics have ruined everything. It just wants you to like it. Much like Clifford. He is sweet, wide-eyed and has no clue why he is seen as abnormal. Isn't that what we all want? Special kudos to John Cleese speaking lines that would die in any other actor's mouth. Everyone in this flick just seems so happy to do something this light. I genuinely enjoyed this movie and found myself smiling. And that is all that is required. 16 out of 22 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Fantastic feel good movie colewaters13 November 2021 I grew up with Clifford so when I heard about this movie I was stocked, but at the same time worried it was going to suck. It was far from terrible probably the best family film I have seen in years. 7 out of 11 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Good for the whole family ilovefoodcoma13 November 2021 This would be a nice choice for the family which has little kids. The storyline is simple & not much exciting scene. The CG is great. The message in the movie is good. 1 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 1/10 The big evil corporations.... jonasatmosfera10 November 2021 It is funny that nowadays vilains are usually big corporations run by white men. Oh, well... For the lack of a better idea of because of laziness on the writer's part we have another film where the main vilain is yet again, you guessed, a big evil tech corporation. Of course, they are after our gargantuan but friendly canine. Haven't we seen this same plot millions of times before? If we substitute the companionable pooch by a cute alien, a kid with some special power, bigfoot's offsprings, a unfrozen caveman, a misplaced baby dinosaur, etc. The story is still the same. What is even funnier is that Holywwod itself is composed by a large number of evil coporations run by very rich white men. All in all, Clifford lacks everything even remotely related to originality. I guess it is an OK film for a not-so-demanding four-year-old child. 28 out of 98 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 We loved it Sandra-durand8014 November 2021 What a fun and super cute movie! It was very funny too. A lot of adventure as well. My two boys, my husband and myself enjoyed this movie so much on the big screen. A great family movie! 4 out of 6 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Clifford shares his dog love to all dog lovers gabethedinosaur15 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers I absolutely loved it. My mom read the book to me and my sis when we were little . And now that I'm 26 I get to see my favorite red dog come to life. Emily really makes me laugh and sad that she felt lonely but Clifford came to her and I say that's the sweetest thing to do for dog owners . John Cleese was the right man for Clifford . The filming and storytelling was so funny and so touching to me. Clifford will show me how much I love my dog Figlet and my mom who read the books to me and showed me how love gives dogs a life and home . 3 out of 5 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Clifford Is A Kids Best Friend. STEVE24BUS11 November 2021 Funny, cute adorable. That's about it really, cheesy plot, cheesy CGI, cheesy everything in fact, but your kids will love it. And most adults who aren't going to expect an Oscar winning arty film. Great fun with a little message at the end. Loved it. 2 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Couldn't get any bigger than this Entertainmentsparadise12 November 2021 If you are like me, you remember reading the books and watching the cartoons; I wouldn't have imagined watching Clifford on the big screen. Clifford: The Big Red Dog is family fun. The film does an adequate job with pacing to keep the younger audience engaged. With childlike humor mixed with some subtle adult jokes, Clifford appeals to the whole family. There are themes of being courageous and believing in yourself when facing adversity ( forget those mean middle schoolers) also a sense of family. Verdict: Clifford: The Big Red Dog is a fair film, predictable plot, easy-going, and is made for the kiddos. Nevertheless still an enjoyable movie with a nostalgic factor for the older crowd. Does this bring me to paradise? I had a good time watching this with my younger sibling! 1 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Well, it was better than Eternals benjaminskylerhill10 November 2021 All jokes aside, what did you expect from this? This is a really silly, quite stupid, fast-paced movie that has a great deal of heart and not a lot of sense to it. It's purely inoffensive. It's dumb and frantic enough for young children yet I was surprised at how many of the jokes landed for me as an adult. I didn't hate it. I enjoyed myself. It's a fun, forgettable time. 35 out of 48 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 I was greatly disappointed computer2computer13 November 2021 I wanted this movie to be "magical" (as its trailer promises) because I was in the mood to watch something that'd take me away from the worries of real life for a couple of hours, and I was eager to recommend it to my nephews if it was any good... But sadly, the plot was so lame... And the acting wasn't much better either... 30 minutes through it and I lost all interest... Need I say more? 2 out of 9 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Totally Excellent Movie! educatexan15 November 2021 I don't know why some people even go to the theater. They make it sound like they were forced to watch the movie at gunpoint. Clifford was a great movie! Sure, it wasn't perfect and may not seem very deep. But is that what is needed for that story? No, it was a story about a dog and the people who love him. I'm sixty years old and had tears multiple times. It's a wonderful family movie. 2 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Just a big beautiful red dog maryann451012 November 2021 I remember our mom reading us the Clifford books and I ,my husband mom or dad read them to our daughter. My mom was a kindergarten teacher and she read them to her class.we all loved Clifford . I watched this just for Clifford the big beautiful red dog. Yes he was CGI but he was adorable. Loved seeing John Cleese. Great movie for small kids who just love dogs . Ignore all the other stuff and enjoy Clifford the Big red dog. 4 out of 9 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Not was I thought bkgseoul12 November 2021 Been a HUGE fan of Clifford since I could remember. I read the books and watched the series. Saw the TONS of trailers while watching other things & so I only got Paramount Plus for my toddler. Wasn't the storyline I thought it would be, didn't like the bullying but I LOVED itthe film. 2 out of 5 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Very cute! nonsensehere10 November 2021 This movie was very cute. We went to an advanced screening with our almost 4 year old. It was funny, wholesome, exciting, and heartfelt. I am a Whovian and I swear there was a reference to the TARDIS in this movie which I found great! 15 out of 24 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 Very cute and funny tytebben10 November 2021 It brings back memories I'm 16 and I remember watching the cartoons It is such a good film and watch Fun for the whole family 100% recommended. Very good Villain is the actor from Alvin and the chickmunks road hip and the voice of forky from toy story 4. 5 out of 12 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Awesome Family Movie mrflambert11 November 2021 I knew nothing of Clifford and one of my favorite hot air balloon in the Macy's parade. However knew nothing of about this puppy. This movie takes us almost from the beginning of Clifford's life and leaving you wanting more. Definitely a movie for the whole family. I give it 2 thumbs up. Spend time with family than gather together with hot chocolate watching this movie. It is a must see in family movies. Awesome job. Looking forward to the next film. Thank you. 4 out of 6 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 If your a Fog Lover. Cute Movie. :) wrightrebecca15 November 2021 It's not cheesy. Very, cute, funny, enjoyable, magical, and adventurous with your Great Big Red Dog! Lol In modern times. Family friendly for sure. It's just like the story about A Big Red Dog. Brings back memories reading the story to my kids. It's not a bad movie.-- 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Cutenesses factor! wrightrebecca15 November 2021 If your especially a dog lover . It's pretty enjoyable for the whole family. It takes you back to "The Big Red Dog" book series. Overall, funny comedic, adorable, music wasn't too bad. Adventurous when it comes to Clifford the Big Red Dog. It has magical moments. Some of the comedic quips like "Heeey Girl-". Draws giggles and chuckles. Well done movie for "Clifford The Big Red Dog". Need some kindness spread around the world and Clifford is just that. I read some Negative Nancy's reviews. Must not like dogs.-- 1 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink An error has occured. Please try again. Load More See also Awards | FAQ | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews Clifford the Big Red Dog Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Fun movies (not horror) a list of 24 titles created 1 week ago UPCOMING MOVIES 2021 a list of 24 titles created 17 Sep 2017 Radarr a list of 27 titles created 13 Aug 2019 2021-2022 movies I want to see. a list of 34 titles created 5 days ago Watch later a list of 31 titles created 3 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.