Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2397461/news/?ref_=tt_nwr_sm
Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) News ‘No Time to Die’ Sweeps VOD Charts as Netflix Originals Dominate the Streamer’s Top 10 15 November 2021 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire Exhibitors who still believe that studios might settle on a 45-day minimum on theatrical exclusivity saw their hopes crushed by “No Time to Die.” A month after its release, United Artists debuted the title on Premium VOD at $19.99. The timing parallels Universal’s 31-day strategy for films that open over $50 million. As anticipated, the latest James Bond immediately placed #1 on multiple charts, both those ranking by transactions and revenue (Vudu). The film remained at #4 in theaters over the weekend, with a 23 percent drop the second lowest among top 10 films. Once again, the home-viewing marketing push also appeared to benefit ticket sales. Disney is #2 and #3 across the board, as represented by “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” ($19.99) and “Free Guy” ($5.99), respectively. Four other Disney titles, led by “Jungle Cruise” ($12.99) and “Black Widow” ($5.99), took 10 of the 30 positions on the charts. More impressive is that all but “Free Guy” now stream free for Disney + subscribers. See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Who you gonna call? ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife’ hopes to scare up ticket sales 37 years after original film 15 November 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby A whopping 37 years after the original “Ghostbusters” movie hit theaters and 32 years after the sequel, it’s finally time for the third narrative installment, “Ghostbusters: Afterlife.” Reprising their roles in Sony’s highly anticipated film, which was delayed multiple times by the pandemic, are Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Sigourney Weaver and Annie Potts, with the late Harold Ramis appearing via archival footage. Carrie Coon, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace and Paul Rudd are the fresh cast members who drive the current story. Will audiences flock to “Ghostbusters III” when it opens on Friday? Beginning right now at Gold Derby, you can make your box office predictions for what movies will earn the #1 through #5 spots at the U.S. box office for this weekend, November 19 – November 21. You can also forecast how much money the weekend’s highest-grossing film will rake in. Each week the eligible user with the highest prediction See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Paramount Pictures: Marc Weinstock To Oversee Worldwide Marketing & Distribution; Pam Kaufman To Lead Themed Entertainment Division 15 November 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Paramount marketing boss Marc Weinstock has been promoted to lead a unified global and marketing and distribution team at the studio as President of Worldwide Marketing & Distribution. Also, Pam Kaufman, who is the studio’s President of Global Consumer Products for ViacomCBS, will take on an expanded role with the leadership of Paramount’s Themed Entertainment division. At the same time, Mary Daily, the studio’s Co-President of Worldwide Marketing & Distribution, is departing. I understand no other seismic turnover at the studio is expected to occur with executive positions. It was announced last week that former Universal Corp Comms executive Jenny Tartikoff was joining Paramount as EVP Global Communications, starting today. The studio had a great weekend with its day-and-date theatrical/Paramount+ launch of eOne’s Clifford the Big Red Dog, beating its expectations with a $16.6M three-day take and a five-day of $22.2M. That tops the studio’s previous See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ wins box office again, Best Picture front-runner ‘Belfast’ has solid debut 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The discourse around Marvel’s “Eternals” burned bright and fast, with blistering reviews calling the Chloe Zhao film one of the franchise’s worst entries. But that hasn’t stopped audiences from buying tickets to the film. Despite dipping 61 percent from its debut, “Eternals” earned an estimated $27.5 million for a total gross of $118.8 million in North America. Its worldwide total is now more than $284 million. Overall, it was an unremarkable weekend at the box office — “Clifford the Big Red Dog” finished in second place with an estimated total of $16.3 million for a $22 million total since its mid-week release; the kids’ movie is also streaming on Paramount+ — but there were some standout headlines. “Venom: Let There Be Carnage” became just the second movie released during the coronavirus pandemic to top $200 million in North America, joining “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.” “No Time to Die” continued to pad its numbers, See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this FilmBookCast Ep. 161 – Clifford The Big Red Dog Review, Sneakerella Preview, Will Smith’s NatGeo Adventure, & More 15 November 2021 by Chris Banks Film-Book FilmBookCast Ep. 161 — FilmBookCast is the official podcast of FilmBook. FilmBookCast is an entertainment news podcast on the latest movie and television show news. Each week, FilmBook contributor Chris Banks discusses that breaking Hollywood news. In FilmBookCast Ep. 161, Chris looks at movie previews including: Sneakerella, The End Of Us, and Being The Ricardo’s. TV [...] Continue reading: FilmBookCast Ep. 161 – Clifford The Big Red Dog Review, Sneakerella Preview, Will Smith’s NatGeo Adventure, & More See full article at Film-Book » Permalink Report this Marvel’s ‘Eternals’ Holds Off ‘Clifford The Big Red Dog’ For The Top Spot; ‘Belfast’ Enters The Awards Race In Limited Release 14 November 2021 by Chris Nashawaty Box Office Mojo There were no massive surprises at the box office this weekend as Marvel’s splashy superhero tentpole, Eternals, added $27.5 million in its sophomore outing, holding off a surprisingly strong $16.4 million debut from Paramount’s family-friendly canine film, Clifford the Big Red Dog, atop the domestic charts during an otherwise sleepy weekend. Meanwhile, Kenneth Branagh’s buzzy coming-of-age drama, Belfast, officially entered the awards-season derby in limited release, snagging an eighth-place finish with $1.8 million. Despite less-than-stellar reviews (it’s the first Marvel film with a “rotten” rating on the Rotten Tomatoes aggregator site) and mediocre word of mouth (based on its soft ‘B’ CinemaScore grade), director Chloe Zhao’s Eternals remained the No. 1 film in North America in its second weekend, despite sliding -61.4% from the previous frame. That sophomore slump places the film between the second-weekend dips of its recent Marvel stablemates Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings See full article at Box Office Mojo » Permalink Report this For ‘Eternals,’ It’s a Box-Office Slide; for Awards Titles Like ‘Belfast,’ It’s a Shrinking Audience 14 November 2021 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire “Eternals” dropped 61 percent in its second weekend, which stands at the high end for the Marvel Cinematic Universe — especially after its low-end opening of $71 million. The good news? Considering the film’s negative critical and audience response (including a record-low B Cinemascore), that performance is better than expected. That also stands as a fair description for the weekend’s grosses, which total around $72 million. “Clifford the Big Red Dog” is #2 with $16.4 million for the weekend, $22 million total for five days (it opened midweek for the Thursday school holiday), parallel to streaming on Paramount Plus. Also, no holdover in the top 10 dropped more than 39 percent. Overall, this weekend performed at 65 percent of the same weekend in 2019; the rolling four-week average stands at 75 percent. However, with nothing opening to compete with “Frozen” and the $269 million it generated in November 2019, expect further comparisons this month to be brutal. “Eternals” suggests another case of See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Leads Box Office Over ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’ 14 November 2021 by Rebecca Rubin Variety Marvel’s comic book epic “Eternals” is once again dominating domestic box office charts. In its second weekend of release, the superhero adventure has collected a leading $27.5 million from 4,090 North American theaters. Through Sunday, “Eternals” crossed the $100 million mark in the U.S. and Canada, with box office receipts at $118 million. Though it wouldn’t be a particularly notable benchmark in pre-covid times, only a handful of films have surpassed $100 million domestically in 2021. “Eternals” declined 61% from its $71 million debut, a drop that falls somewhere in between Marvel’s other pandemic releases, “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” (which declined 52% in its sophomore outing) and “Black Widow” (which declined 67% in its sophomore outing). “Eternals,” like “Shang-Chi,” is playing only in theaters, whereas “Black Widow” premiered on Disney Plus (for $30 on top of monthly subscription fees) on the same day it opened in cinemas. Internationally, “Eternals” added another $48 million from 49 markets, See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’: A Big, Fun Family Adventure! 14 November 2021 by Ben Ross Hollywood Insider Photo: ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’ Out of all the countless children’s stories out there that I expected to one day get adapted to the big screen, ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’ is definitely near the bottom of the list. As someone who enjoyed the books as a child but hasn’t heard about the series since, this franchise felt like a fever dream when I first heard about the creation of this movie. But now that it’s here, I can say with full confidence that it’s a pretty decent movie. The writing isn’t too weak and the cast looks like they’re having a fun time, and Clifford is as adorable as ever. I mean, seriously, who could ever hate a movie about puppies? Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this Box Office: Marvel’s ‘Eternals’ Endures as Box Office Leader Above ‘Clifford’ 13 November 2021 by J. Kim Murphy Variety “Eternals” will keep its crown at the domestic box office, as the Marvel entry is projected to repeat as No. 1 with an estimated $27 million gross in its second weekend. Should current projections pan out, the MCU entry will fall approximately 62% in its sophomore outing. Measured against the second weekends of other Marvel Studios releases this year, that’s a much steeper drop than the 52% sink of “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” and a healthier one than the 67% tumble “Black Widow” took. However, that latter film simultaneously debuted as a rental on Disney Plus through the streamer’s Premier Access program, a release strategy that undoubtedly impacted its ultimate box office performance. “Eternals” is headed for one of the larger second weekend drops in the MCU’s eleven-year history. “Black Widow” outstanding, the only other franchise entries to fall at least 62% in their sophomore outings are 2018’s “Ant-Man and the Wasp See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Eyes $27M+ Second Weekend; ‘Clifford’ Woofs $20M 5-Day: Is Theatrical Hybrid Model Really The Answer For Family Movies? 13 November 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Refresh for more analysis and chart Despite the worst reviews for a Marvel movie, and a B CinemaScore, the second weekend of Disney/Marvel’s Eternals didn’t implode, now on track for a -62% weekend, which is on the high end of where we were expecting it with $27.4M. The pic made $7.8M yesterday, -75%. Through ten days, the Chloe Zhao directed movie will stand at an estimated $118.7M. Meanwhile, Paramount/eOne’s Clifford the Big Red Dog, looks to clear $20M in five days, which bests the $15M-$17M the studio was eyeing, and that’s with the movie on Paramount+. The 3-day on the Walt Becker directed kids film is $14.5M after a $4.2M Friday. While Disney CEO Bob Chapek, who doesn’t have a dog in this box office race with Clifford, but has a studio with a bulk of family product, expressed how his company See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Box Office: ‘Clifford’ Strides Toward $20M; ‘Eternals’ Stays No. 1 13 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter Clifford the Big Red Dog is retrieving more red than expected in its North American box office debut, considering that it’s also available on Paramount+. The movie, which launched Wednesday in both cinemas and on the streaming service to take advantage of Veterans Day, is looking at a five-day debut of $20 million from 3,700 theaters, including $14.5 million for the three-day weekend. That would put Clifford at No. 2 behind Marvel and Disney’s Eternals, which is expected to tumble 62 percent in its second outing to an estimated $27 million from 4,090 cinemas for a 10-day domestic total ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter » Permalink Report this This Week in Movie News: Leonardo DiCaprio to Play Cult Leader Jim Jones, Jake Gyllenhaal to Star in ‘Road House’ Remake and More 12 November 2021 by affiliates@fandango.com Fandango Want to know what’s new in theaters this week? Catch these exciting releases on the big screen: Everyone’s favorite giant crimson canine arrived in theaters this week. Based on the classic children’s book series, Clifford The Big Red Dog follows the madcap adventures of the titular pooch and his owner, Emily Elizabeth. Also, Kenneth Branagh’s autobiographical coming-of-age drama Belfast, which is garnering tons of awards buzz, and Lin-Manuel Miranda’s Tick,... See full article at Fandango » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Looking At Another Number One Weekend Against Newcomer ‘Clifford The Big Red Dog’ 11 November 2021 by Sam Mendelsohn Box Office Mojo Marvel’s Eternals dominated at the box office last weekend, opening to $71.3 million and making up 65% of the entire weekend box office, bringing the overall box office back above $100 million after two frames of falling short. While October had three weekends in a row where the box office stayed above $100 million, November is looking more like the somewhat front-loaded July which, despite some solid openings, never crossed $100 million in a weekend after Black Widow’s July 9-11 opening. With no major competition, Eternals is looking at another number one weekend even if it has a big drop. While the Chloé Zhao directed film’s mixed reviews may not have hurt its opening weekend box office, the less than stellar word-of-mouth, as indicated by the film’s B CinemaScore (also the lowest in the franchise), is likely to hinder the film’s legs. The box-office performances of Shang-Chi, which has roughly tripled its opening weekend gross, See full article at Box Office Mojo » Permalink Report this Box Office: ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’ Collects $2.3 Million on Opening Day 11 November 2021 by Rebecca Rubin Variety Paramount’s family-friendly adventure “Clifford the Big Red Dog” pulled in a solid $2.3 million on its first day in theaters. The film, which is playing simultaneously in 3,407 North American cinemas and on the streaming service Paramount Plus, opened on Wednesday to take advantage of the Veterans Day holiday weekend. It’s projected to generate $15 million to $17 million through Sunday, which wouldn’t be a particularly standout start for a property as recognizable as “Clifford.” It’s understandable, though, because children under the age of 12 have only recently been able to get vaccinated against Covid-19, so family crowds have been slow to return to cinemas. Ticket sales for “Clifford” should be on pace with Paramount’s August release of “Paw Patrol,” which opened to $13 million over the traditional weekend while landing concurrently on Paramount Plus. “Clifford” came in second place on daily charts behind Marvel’s “Eternals,” which brought in $4.3 million on Wednesday. See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this ‘Clifford The Big Red Dog’ Barks Up $2.3M Opening Day, Gets ‘A’ CinemaScore 11 November 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Paramount’s Clifford the Big Red Dog, which is taking advantage of the Veterans Day holiday, filed second place on its opening day yesterday with $2.3M, which includes previews at 3,407 theaters. The Walt Becker-directed feature adaptation of the 58-year old Scholastic children’s book IP is also available on Paramount+ as some studios practice a hybrid form of distribution with many kids under 12 still unvaccinated. The movie out of the gate gets an A CinemaScore. There haven’t been many movies, especially family titles, opening on a Wednesday during the pandemic, so comps are challenged. One of the more notable Wednesday openings during the pandemic was Lionsgate’s R-rated Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard which did $3.9M, but that was boosted by Tuesday night and weekend previews. The movie cleared a five-day of $16.7M. Clifford is projected to make $15M-$17M and family business should be good today given that close See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Film Review: Clifford The Big Red Dog (2021): A Sweet, Formulaic Presentation Based On Popular Children’s Books 11 November 2021 by Thomas Duffy Film-Book Clifford the Big Red Dog Review — Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) Film Review, a movie directed by Walt Becker and starring Darby Camp, Jack Whitehall, Izaac Wang, Tony Hale, John Cleese, Sienna Guillory, David Alan Grier, Horatio Sanz, Paul Rodriguez, Russell Peters, Keith Ewell, Bear Allen-Blaine, Tovah Feldshuh, Jessica Keenan Wynn, Ty [...] Continue reading: Film Review: Clifford The Big Red Dog (2021): A Sweet, Formulaic Presentation Based On Popular Children’s Books See full article at Film-Book » Permalink Report this Box Office: ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’ Fetches $2.3M on Opening Day 11 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter Clifford the Big Red Dog fetched a pleasing $2.3 million Wednesday at the North American box office. The kid-friendly film from Paramount Pictures opened in cinemas midweek in order to take advantage of Veterans Day, which falls on Thursday. Clifford placed second on its opening day behind Marvel’s superhero pic Eternals, which earned north of $4 million for a six-day domestic total of $85 million. Eternals is only available in cinemas, while Clifford is launching simultaneously in theaters and on Paramount+, a hybrid release strategy following the success of fellow family film Paw Patrol: The Movie. Clifford the Big Red Dog adapts Norman Bridwell’s beloved children’s ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter » Permalink Report this Disney Boss Bob Chapek “Sticking With Our Plan Of Flexibility” When It Comes To Theatrical Day & Date 10 November 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Despite Disney’s commitment to a pure theatrical window during Q4 of this year with wide releases like Eternals and Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, CEO Bob Chapek isn’t ruling out the possibility of going theatrical day-and-date with Disney+ again. “We’re sticking with our plan of flexibility,” said the CEO today on the conglom’s Q4 earnings call, “We’re still unsure in terms of how the marketplace is going to react when family films come back with a theatrical first window.” Next up for Disney over Thanksgiving is the original animated movie Encanto, which will mark its second animated family film this year after Ron’s Gone Wrong to stick to a theatrical window. Given Covid vaccines delayed availability to kids under 12 and fluctuating cases, other studios have experimented with the theatrical window when it came to their own family fare, i.e. Paramount See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Box office predictions: ‘Eternals’ will earn #1 slot again, but what about ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’? 10 November 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby Last weekend’s box office champion, “Eternals” (dir. Chloe Zhao), earned a whopping $71 million domestically, continuing the trend of comic book movies dominating 2021 ticket sales. Now on the eve of its second weekend of release, our odds-makers believe the Marvel/Disney film will once again finish in the #1 spot. In their second place position is “Clifford the Big Red Dog” (dir. Walt Becker), the live action movie adapted from the beloved children’s books. Agree or disagree with our readers’ predictions? Hurry — you can still make your box office predictions at Gold Derby before the cutoff time on Thursday at 5 p.m. Pt. Financial numbers and rankings are based upon weekend data (Friday-Saturday-Sunday) featured at Variety Insight. The eligible user with the best predictions score will win a $100 Amazon gift certificate and a spot on our box office 2021 leaderboard. (Read contest rules.) Then come back next week and do it all again! See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Showtimes | External Sites Clifford the Big Red Dog Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Fun movies (not horror) a list of 24 titles created 1 week ago UPCOMING MOVIES 2021 a list of 24 titles created 17 Sep 2017 Radarr a list of 27 titles created 13 Aug 2019 2021-2022 movies I want to see. a list of 34 titles created 5 days ago Watch later a list of 31 titles created 3 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.