Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2397461/trivia/?ref_=tt_trv_trv
Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021) Trivia Showing all 22 items Jump to: Spoilers (1) Mr Bridwell is named after the "Clifford the Big Red Dog" book series creator Norman Bridwell. It's possible he's based upon him. 27 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Paramount Pictures owned the rights to make a Clifford the Big Red Dog live-action/CGI hybrid film in 2016. 12 of 12 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 2nd theatrical film based off of the Clifford the Big Red Dog book series, after Clifford's Really Big Movie (2004) from Warner Bros., which was a film that served as a closing point to the Clifford the Big Red Dog (2000) television series under the same continuity/format. 18 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Kenan Thompson, who plays Clifford's veterinarian, used to voice Hamburger in the Clifford the Big Red Dog (2000) 2003 series, where his partner Kel Mitchell voiced T-Bone on the show as well as in Clifford's Really Big Movie (2004). Both Mitchel and Thompson were known for their comedy show on Nickelodeon Kenan & Kel (1996). 15 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film originally would be made by Illumination Entertainment, with Christopher Meledandri and Deborah Forte as producers and Matt Lopez as screenwriter, but the studio scrapped the project. 9 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Clifford's breed is a bit controversial as being a Vizsla, or a Bloodhound, or Labrador Retriever. 17 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the second film to be produced by Paramount Animation but released under the Paramount Studios title, after Sonic the Hedgehog (2020) which also released in 2020 and is also a live action/CGI hybrid film. 13 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the first Clifford the Big Red Dog film to be rated PG by the MPA. 10 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options While Casey was fighting one of the Henchman in the meat store he used the same salt sprinkling pose that the famous Turkish chef Nurset Gökçe or better known as Salt Bae made famous. His technique is making the salt fall on his forearm, then scatter to the meat. 9 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Unlike Clifford The Big Red Dog (1988) , Clifford the Big Red Dog (2000), Clifford's Really Big Movie (2004) Clifford's Puppy Days (2003) (TV Series) and Clifford The Big Red Dog (2019) the title character in this film will not speak at all as opposed to his previous animated appearances. This is most likely because he never spoke in the original books. Producer Jordan Kerner revealed why they didn't have Clifford speak "There are a lot of talking dog movies, right? And Walt [Becker, director], I'm going to blow some air right now. It was just a joy to work with Walt, and Walt always had the perception that Clifford needed to be real. And so, like in the book, where you had a line drawing and a red dog that you could imagine and take into your heart, the standard sitting in the theater with something that's live is it has to feel alive at all times. The moment you start speaking in English, or in French, or in German, or in Portuguese, whatever, he's not real anymore. He's a character in an animated movie. And that's not what we set out to make. And again, that's sort of, you know, ginal author] Norman Bridwell sitting on our shoulders, saying, 'Don't screw this up and do it the right way.' It was trying to make it real. So no, he doesn't speak he doesn't have any gross sort of silly comic reactions." 11 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Wilhelm scream: When Clifford knocks the person inside the bubble ball into the air. 11 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When the film was in development in Universal Pictures, David Bowers was in talks to direct. 8 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options September 17, the film's original release date, is the same day John Ritter was born. Ritter voiced Clifford in the animated series, Clifford the Big Red Dog. 14 of 20 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is Kenan Thompson's third time staring in a live action animated film after Fat Albert (2004) and The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle (2000). 9 of 12 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is John Cleese's second time staring in a live action film from Paramount that's based on a book ever since Charlotte's Web (2006) 15 years prior. 7 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Breanna Yde was considered for the role of Emily Elizabeth. 10 of 15 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is Kenan Thompson and David Alan Grier's first time working together in a live action animated movie since The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle (2000) released 21 years prior. 6 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This marks the second time John Cleese (Mr. Birdwell) and Paul Rodriguez (Sanchez) starred together the first being "Rat Race". 5 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jack Whitehall's second film adaptation to an existing property after "Asterix and The Mansion of The Gods" (2014), in which he voiced the titular Asterix. 3 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During the film, Uncle Casey gives Owen's dog, Brutus, the nickname of T-Bone, in reference to Clifford's best dog friend in the original animated series. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The artwork featured Casey's van was created by Ruben Bolling, the creator of the Tom the Dancing Bug comic. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spoilers The trivia item below may give away important plot points. There is a possible Easter egg suggesting Mr. Bridwell might be a time lord, as in the race from the long running British series Doctor Who, and his tent a TARDIS with a functioning chameleon circuit (the unit that is broken on the machine in the TV show, leaving it perpetually disguised as a police call box, when it is supposed to be able to appear as anything), when Uncle Casey asks "Is it me, or is this tent bigger on the inside?" And Mr. Bridwell replies, "Don't be ridiculous--it's smaller on the outside." The observation that the Doctor's TARDIS is "bigger on the inside" is almost always the first observation any new passenger makes, and is often responded to with a slightly humorous rejoinder. 18 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Clifford the Big Red Dog Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Fun movies (not horror) a list of 24 titles created 1 week ago UPCOMING MOVIES 2021 a list of 24 titles created 17 Sep 2017 Radarr a list of 27 titles created 13 Aug 2019 2021-2022 movies I want to see. a list of 34 titles created 5 days ago Watch later a list of 31 titles created 3 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.