Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844471/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 20092009 PGPG 1h 30m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 218K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,062 112 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:36 12 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureComedy A local scientist is often regarded as a failure until he invents a machine that can make food fall from the sky. But little does he know, that things are about to take a turn for the worst.A local scientist is often regarded as a failure until he invents a machine that can make food fall from the sky. But little does he know, that things are about to take a turn for the worst.A local scientist is often regarded as a failure until he invents a machine that can make food fall from the sky. But little does he know, that things are about to take a turn for the worst. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 218K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,062 112 Directors Phil Lord Christopher Miller Writers Phil Lord(written for the screen by) Christopher Miller(written for the screen by) Judi Barrett(book written by) Stars Anna Faris(voice) Bill Hader(voice) Bruce Campbell(voice) Top credits Directors Phil Lord Christopher Miller Writers Phil Lord(written for the screen by) Christopher Miller(written for the screen by) Judi Barrett(book written by) Stars Anna Faris(voice) Bill Hader(voice) Bruce Campbell(voice) See production, box office & company info 211User reviews 153Critic reviews 66Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 14 nominations Videos12 Trailer 2:36 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs -- Trailer #2 Trailer 2:18 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Clip 3:47 June's Most Anticipated Streaming Titles Clip 1:01 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Clip 0:51 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Clip 1:01 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Clip 0:59 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Clip 1:30 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Clip 0:47 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Interview 0:19 Interview: Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs - Anna Faris Soundbites Interview 0:28 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs - Andy Samberg Soundbites Interview 1:27 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs - Comic-Con Panel Photos234 Top cast Edit Anna Faris Sam Sparksas Sam Sparks (voice) Bill Hader Flint Lockwoodas Flint Lockwood (voice) Bruce Campbell Mayor Shelbourneas Mayor Shelbourne (voice) James Caan Tim Lockwoodas Tim Lockwood (voice) Andy Samberg 'Baby' Brentas 'Baby' Brent (voice) Mr. T Earl Devereauxas Earl Devereaux (voice) Bobb'e J. Thompson Cal Devereauxas Cal Devereaux (voice) Benjamin Bratt Mannyas Manny (voice) Neil Patrick Harris Steveas Steve (voice) Al Roker Patrick Patricksonas Patrick Patrickson (voice) Lauren Graham Fran Lockwoodas Fran Lockwood (voice) Will Forte Joe Towneas Joe Towne (voice) Max Neuwirth Young Flintas Young Flint (voice) Peter Siragusa Rufusas Rufus (voice) Angela Shelton Regina Devereauxas Regina Devereaux (voice) Neil Flynn Weather News Network Produceras Weather News Network Producer (voice) Liz Cackowski Flint's Teacheras Flint's Teacher (voice) Isabella Acres Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Directors Phil Lord Christopher Miller Writers Phil Lord(written for the screen by) Christopher Miller(written for the screen by) Judi Barrett(book written by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.4 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 6.9 Rio 6.8 Bolt 6.4 Monsters vs. Aliens 6.9 Madagascar 7.3 Megamind 7.6 Despicable Me 6.1 Bee Movie 7.3 Despicable Me 2 6.6 Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa 6.7 Over the Hedge 7.5 Ice Age Storyline Edit Flint Lockwood thinks he's a genius. But none of the things he invented are things that make sense or are useful. However, he has the support of his mother but when she dies, he's left alone with his father who thinks he should give it up. When the community that he lives in is in an economic crisis because their primary source of income, a sardine cannery, was shut down, Flint decides to try his latest invention, a machine that can turn water into food. But something goes wrong and the machine ends up in the atmosphere. Later it starts raining food. The shifty mayor tries to use this as a way to help their community, but when Flint senses something wrong with the machine, the mayor convinces him to ignore it. However, as Flint predicts, chaos ensues. —rcs0411@yahoo.com crooked mayorcorrupt mayorinventormachinestorm197 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Prepare to get served Genres Animation Adventure Comedy Drama Family Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for brief mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Earl Devereaux has the exact opposite hairstyle of his voice actor, Mr. T. Instead of a T-shaped mohawk, Earl sports a T-shaped bald patch. Goofs (at around 47 mins) The dam that prevents the leftovers to flood the city with uneaten food is arched the other way around. An arch dam built that way would collapse instantly as soon as any load is applied. Quotes Earl Devereaux: You see this contact lens? Flint Lockwood: Yeah? Earl Devereaux: This contact lens represents you! And my eye represents my eye! [Puts on contact lens] Earl Devereaux: I've got my *eye* on you! Crazy credits (opening credits) A film by a lot of people. Alternate versions Also released in 3D version Connections Featured in The Rotten Tomatoes Show: Duplicity/Knowing/I Love You, Man (2009) Soundtracks Raining Sunshine Written by Matthew Gerrard, Jay Landers and Charlie Midnight Produced by Matthew Gerrard Performed by Miranda Cosgrove Miranda Cosgrove appears courtesy of Columbia Records User reviews211 Review Top review 8/10 A hilarious and imaginatively entertaining animated movie. Although - as many people do - I generally prefer Pixar films to the animated fare created by other companies, I can't deny that a film like Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs is very hard not to love. Although it isn't particularly complex, thought-provoking, beautiful or masterful, it's a very entertaining, funny, cute-as-hell and effective animated film. Children with definitely love it, and adults... well, that actually depends on the adult in question. Although I certainly enjoy all kinds of movies, there's always - for me - some satisfaction to be had when watching something so obviously goofy and kiddy. Meatballs is kiddy, and that's precisely what I loved about it. It may not be this year's best animated movie - that honour goes to Pixar's Up - but it certainly is better than the likes of Monsters vs. Aliens. The film tells the story of Flint Lockwood (voice of Bill Hader), a young inventor who dreams of, someday, creating something that will be loved by everyone and make him more popular and, most importantly, improve the lives of everyone in town. Unfortunately, he hasn't been able to do so, and his technofobic father (voice of James Caan) doesn't really help at all. One day, though, he manages to invent something that will change the lives of everyone in town forever: a machine that makes food fall from the sky. Everybody seems to be happy with him now - including mayor Shelbourne (Bruce Campbell) and the by-the-book police offer, Earl (Mr. T) - but, predictably enough, something goes wrong: excess amounts of food start to overload the island where the town is located, and now Flint, along with TV reporter Sam Sparks (Anna Faris) has to try to solve their problem. Yes, the plot is pretty predictable, and it certainly won't make anyone above the age of 5 be shocked with surprise or anything of the sort, but it certainly is very imaginative, and it should work in a very "oh, it's sort of nice" kind of way. I liked the way Flint was portrayed - Hader's wacky and not-so-recognizable voice is perfect for the character - and the fact that, although most characters are either archetypes or stereotypes - consider, for the example, Bruce Campbell's greedy and - eventually - obese mayor - they are all voice so professionally and characterized in such an naive and cute kind of way, that one just doesn't care. I rooted for Flint the whole way, and I actually thought that the romantic sub-plot between him and Sam was cute and funny. Visually, I don't think the movie is on par to the likes of Wall-E or Up, but I think that comparing it to those productions would be a bit unfair. Wall-E had a sort-of realistic kind of look, and Up, while a little more cartoonish, had a very realistic flair to it. On the other hand, there's something very old-fashioned in Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs' look and the way it is animated. Characters behave and move the way old TV cartoons behaved forty or more years ago, and I like that. They jump a lot, are very "agile" and are just... cartoonish. Clearly, the animators didn't want the movie to give a palpable sense of realism; in a way, they were trying to craft an old-fashioned cartoon with the latest technological tools, and they have done it very successfully. What else can I say about the movie? It certainly is very naive, and it doesn't explore any deep themes or moral problems, but that's just OK. While this year's mediocre Monsters vs. Aliens was terribly simplistic, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs is just simple, and there's nothing wrong with that. Of course, there's nothing wrong with movies like Wall-E having very significant messages and complex love stories and such, but if a parent wants to go with their toddler to see a movie that isn't very complicated but that isn't stupid or boring either, then Meatballs is an excellent choice. After all, even if there isn't much beneath the surface, I can't imagine a single adult maintaining a straight face throughout the film's runningtime. The movie is hilarious, - just remember Flint's father's eyebrows! -, it's inventive, it's imaginative; it's also pretty gorgeous and it features some effective voice acting and interesting, wacky characters. It's not dumb and it doesn't pander to the least common denominator. Most interestingly, though, it made me hungry. That's not a quality many movies posses. helpful•33 12 SebaZava Nov 30, 2009 FAQ4 What is "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" about? Is "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" based on a book? Would it be possible to produce food from pure chemicals, as Flint does? Details Edit Release date September 30, 2010 (China) Countries of origin United States Canada Official site Sony Pictures (United States) Languages English French Spanish Also known as Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs: An IMAX 3D Experience Filming locations New York City, New York, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Sony Pictures Animation See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $100,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $124,870,275 Opening weekend US & Canada $30,304,648 Sep 20, 2009 Gross worldwide $243,006,126 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 30 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 2.39 : 1 Related news The Filmmakers Podcast #245: Phil Lord & Christopher Miller talk making animation blockbusters Nov 8Nerdly Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.