Coco (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2380307/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_72
Coco (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Coco 20172017 PGPG 1h 45m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 441K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 306 186 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:11 28 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureComedy Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 441K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 306 186 Directors Lee Unkrich Adrian Molina(co-directed by) Writers Lee Unkrich(original story by) Jason Katz(original story by) Matthew Aldrich(original story by) Stars Anthony Gonzalez(voice) Gael García Bernal(voice) Benjamin Bratt(voice) Top credits Directors Lee Unkrich Adrian Molina(co-directed by) Writers Lee Unkrich(original story by) Jason Katz(original story by) Matthew Aldrich(original story by) Stars Anthony Gonzalez(voice) Gael García Bernal(voice) Benjamin Bratt(voice) See production, box office & company info 1.2KUser reviews 417Critic reviews 81Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #72 Won 2 Oscars 109 wins & 40 nominations total Videos28 Trailer 2:11 Theatrical Trailer Trailer 2:27 "Find Your Voice" Trailer 1:29 Official U.S. Trailer Trailer 2:05 Teaser Trailer Clip 1:48 What to Watch When You Need a Good Cry Clip 2:25 What to Watch When You Need a Good Cry Clip 1:00 Not Like The Rest Clip 0:56 A Great Great Rescue Clip 1:00 Clean Up Your Act Clip 0:50 Anythingto Declare Clip 1:03 The Land Of The Dead Clip 1:10 Mariachi Plaza Photos265 Top cast Edit Anthony Gonzalez Miguelas Miguel (voice) Gael García Bernal Héctoras Héctor (voice) Benjamin Bratt Ernesto de la Cruzas Ernesto de la Cruz (voice) Alanna Ubach Mamá Imeldaas Mamá Imelda (voice) Renee Victor Abuelitaas Abuelita (voice) (as Renée Victor) Jaime Camil Papáas Papá (voice) Alfonso Arau Papá Julioas Papá Julio (voice) Herbert Siguenza Tío Oscaras Tío Oscar (voice) … Gabriel Iglesias Clerkas Clerk (voice) Lombardo Boyar Plaza Mariachias Plaza Mariachi (voice) … Ana Ofelia Murguía Mamá Cocoas Mamá Coco (voice) Natalia Cordova-Buckley Frida Kahloas Frida Kahlo (voice) Selene Luna Tía Rositaas Tía Rosita (voice) Edward James Olmos Chicharrónas Chicharrón (voice) Sofía Espinosa Mamáas Mamá (voice) Carla Medina Departures Agentas Departures Agent (voice) Dyana Ortelli Tía Victoriaas Tía Victoria (voice) Luis Valdez Tío Bertoas Tío Berto (voice) … Directors Lee Unkrich Adrian Molina(co-directed by) Writers Lee Unkrich(original story by) Jason Katz(original story by) Matthew Aldrich(original story by) (screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Meet New 'Coco' Star Anthony Gonzalez Meet New 'Coco' Star Anthony Gonzalez Get to know the talented young star of Pixar's latest movie about a 12-year-old, music-loving boy who makes an unforgettable journey to the Land of the Dead.Meet the new Pixar star More like this 8.1 Inside Out 8.4 WALL·E 8.2 Up 8.3 Toy Story 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.4 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 8.5 The Lion King 8.0 Zootopia 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.0 Ratatouille Storyline Edit Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. —Disney/Pixar afterlifeday of the deadmusiciandeathmexico223 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The celebration of a lifetime Genres Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy Music Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic elements Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film contains certain themes and content which would ordinarily be banned in China. Reportedly, the Chinese censor board members were so touched by the film that they made an exception and allowed it. Goofs The dead are obviously stuck at the age that they died. Imelda and Hector have spent several years in the afterlife at the same time, and Imelda has never realized that Hector is the same age as he was when he left her, clearly indicating the reason he never came back. She still wouldn't have known that he intended to come back and could simply think that he died shortly after deserting his family. Quotes Héctor: [sings] Remember me, though I have to say goodbye / Remember me, don't let it make you cry / For even if I'm far away, I hold you in my heart / I sing a secret song to you, each night we are apart / Remember me, though I have to travel far / Remember me, each time you hear a sad guitar / Know that I'm with you, the only way that I can be / Until you're in my arms again, remember me... Crazy credits At the end of the closing credits, there is an ofrenda to the deceased people who inspired the filmmakers of Coco, in the form of a mosaic made from photographs. Alternate versions Also released in 3D version Connections Featured in WatchMojo: Top 10 Must See Trailers of June 2017 (2017) Soundtracks Remember Me Music & Lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez & Robert Lopez Produced by Germaine Franco, Kristen Anderson-Lopez & Robert Lopez As Performed by Ernesto de la Cruz - Benjamin Bratt As Performed by Héctor & Young Coco - Gael García Bernal, Gabriella Flores & Libertad García Fonzi As Performed by Miguel & Mamá Coco - Anthony Gonzalez & Ana Ofelia Murguía User reviews1.2K Review Top review 8/10 A Charming Depiction of a Beautiful Spanish-Language Tradition Coco tells the story of young boy named Miguel living in Mexico (Coco is his great grandmother). Miguel loves music and must keep his love a secret from his family who has forbidden music of any kind since the days of his great great grandmother. On Día de Muertos, Miguel wants to enter a contest to showcase his musical talent, but his grandmother intervenes, reiterating the family's ban on music. In his hunt for a suitable guitar to play, Miguel finds himself in the land of dead, meeting the spirits of those who have passed on. On his adventure he meets his musical hero, much of his deceased family, and a strange man who asks for his help and quickly becomes a close friend. Along the way, Miguel helps his new friend and his friend helps him understand the true significance of Día de Muertos. Of course, the title character (Coco) turns out to play a vital role before the movie is over. When the moment arrives, she delivers something powerful, and it's beautiful. It moved me in a very satisfying way that felt well-earned and authentic, rather than manipulative, the way many movie moments of this sort feel. Quick sidebar: when I took Spanish in high school, my teachers would occasionally incorporate culture from Spanish-speaking countries (usually Mexico) into the lessons. In some of these lessons, I learned about Día de Muertos. Sort of. I'm not sure if the lessons were lacking or if I just wasn't paying much attention to them. Regardless, I learned more about Día de Muertos from Coco than I did in four years of high school Spanish classes. In high school, my understanding of Día de Muertos was that it was basically a Mexican Halloween. They raised spirits from the dead and played music or something, as I understood it. It seemed silly to me. After watching Coco I realized that the tradition is anything but silly. It's not about the dressing up or the food or the music. It's about family and remembering those that came before us. Leave it to Pixar to not only entertain me, but also educate me about a rich and wonderful tradition of another culture. Bravo! helpful•108 34 Jared_Andrews Jan 10, 2018 FAQ1 Any films similar to "Coco"? Details Edit Release date November 24, 2017 (China) Countries of origin United States Mexico Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Spanish Also known as 寻梦环游记 Filming locations Pixar Animation Studios - 1200 Park Avenue, Emeryville, California, USA Production companies Walt Disney Pictures Pixar Animation Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $175,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $210,460,015 Opening weekend US & Canada $50,802,605 Nov 26, 2017 Gross worldwide $807,817,888 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Auro 11.1 Dolby Surround 7.1 12-Track Digital Sound Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘The Flight Attendant’: Alanna Ubach Joins Season 2 Of HBO Max Series As Recurring Guest Star Nov 11Deadline Film + TV “I Really Hope More People Like Her Exist”: Halyna Hutchins Remembered At IATSE’s Albuquerque Vigil Oct 24Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.