Conspiracy Theory (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118883/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Conspiracy Theory (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Conspiracy Theory 19971997 RR 2h 15m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 98K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,064 996 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:29 1 Video 57 Photos ActionMysteryThriller A taxi driver with a penchant for conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of these theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it ... Read allA taxi driver with a penchant for conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of these theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is.A taxi driver with a penchant for conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of these theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 98K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,064 996 Director Richard Donner Writer Brian Helgeland Stars Mel Gibson Julia Roberts Patrick Stewart Top credits Director Richard Donner Writer Brian Helgeland Stars Mel Gibson Julia Roberts Patrick Stewart See production, box office & company info 192User reviews 83Critic reviews 49Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 1 nomination Videos1 Trailer 0:29 Conspiracy Theory Photos57 Top cast Edit Mel Gibson Jerry Fletcheras Jerry Fletcher Julia Roberts Alice Suttonas Alice Sutton Patrick Stewart Dr. Jonasas Dr. Jonas Cylk Cozart Agent Lowryas Agent Lowry Steve Kahan Wilsonas Wilson (as Stephen Kahan) Terry Alexander Flipas Flip Alex McArthur Cynicas Cynic Rod McLachlan Justice Guardas Justice Guard Michael Potts Justice Guardas Justice Guard Jim Sterling Justice Guardas Justice Guard Rich Hebert Public Works Manas Public Works Man Brian J. Williams Clarkeas Clarke G.A. Aguilar Piperas Piper Cece Neber Labao Finch's Secretaryas Finch's Secretary Saxon Trainor Alice's Secretaryas Alice's Secretary Claudia Stedelin Wilson's Secretaryas Wilson's Secretary Leonard Jackson Old Man - Bookstoreas Old Man - Bookstore Donal Gibson Doctor - Roosevelt Hospitalas Doctor - Roosevelt Hospital Director Richard Donner Writer Brian Helgeland All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 Ransom 7.0 Maverick 7.1 Payback 6.7 Lethal Weapon 3 6.6 Lethal Weapon 4 7.2 Lethal Weapon 2 7.6 Lethal Weapon 6.3 Forever Young 6.6 The Pelican Brief 6.3 Assassins 6.4 What Women Want 6.0 Bird on a Wire Storyline Edit Jerry Fletcher is a man in love with a woman he observes from afar. She works for the government. Fletcher is an outspoken critic of that government. He has conspiracy theories for everything, from aliens to political assassinations. But soon, one of his theories finds itself to be accurate. But which one? Some dangerous people want him dead, and the only person he trusts is the woman he loves, but does not know. —Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> biting someone's nosehospitaltalking while drivingon the runsurveillance86 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines They knew too much Genres Action Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to an interview with director Richard Donner on the DVD of Payback: Straight Up Director's Cut (2006) that he met screenwriter Brian Helgeland when he was driving at the Warner Brothers gate, and saw Brian holding a sign that said "Will write for work, for money". Richard got out of the car and asked him about the sign, Brian replied that he was a screenwriter, and was looking for work. Donner had decided to give Helgeland a chance, which led to the two of them working on this movie. Helgeland also worked with Donner on Assassins (1995). Goofs On the bus with Alice, Jerry says that the official story on Ernest Herriman is that he drowned in a swimming pool. But back earlier, when Jerry's clipping newspaper articles, if we freeze the frame and read the article about Harriman, the official story is that he was drowned in the ocean off Maryland. The dialog in the script didn't match the text on the prop. Quotes Jerry: David Berkowitz, Ted Bundy, Richard Speck... Alice: What about them? Jerry: Serial killers. Serial killers only have two names. You ever notice that? But lone gunmen assassins, they always have three names. John Wilkes Booth, Lee Harvey Oswald, Mark David Chapman... Alice: John Hinckley. He shot Reagan. He only has two names. Jerry: Yeah, but he only just shot Reagan. Reagan didn't die. If Reagan had died, I'm pretty sure we probably would all know what John Hinckley's middle name was. Crazy credits The initial Warner Bros. logo with the clouds behind is shown - the camera then pulls back to show the logo as a billboard on the side of a bus. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Conspiracy Theory/Kiss Me, Guido/The Full Monty/Career Girls/Love Serenade/Free Willy 3: The Rescue (1997) Soundtracks Can't Take My Eyes Off You Written by Bob Crewe and Bob Gaudio Performed by Frankie Valli Courtesy of The Four Seasons Partnership By Arrangement with Warner Special Products User reviews192 Review Top review 7/10 Difficult to get into ... but worth the wait in the end. I found this film really hard to focus on, there was Mel Gibson playing a paranoid crazy guy, being dragged off by government/non-government 'spooks' and having some sort of weird obsession with Julia Roberts. But as the film unfolded, and the storyline, a complex one, began to unravel it all started to make some kind of sense. My favorite part has to be the self destruction of his apartment, that was quite imaginative. Before I saw this i was expecting something along the lines of Lethal Weapon, being the same star, and same director. But it was so completely different from what I thought it would be and it actually ended up being a better film as a consequence. Mel Gibson played a completely different character than what we usually see, which worked to his benefit and Julia Roberts proved with this film, that she still had star power. Definitely worth a look. helpful•50 8 Meredith-7 Jul 4, 1999 FAQ1 What is the name of the book he keeps buying? Details Edit Release date August 8, 1997 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Warner Bros. (United States) Language English Also known as El complot Filming locations Queensboro Bridge, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Warner Bros. Silver Pictures Donner/Shuler-Donner Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $75,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $75,982,834 Opening weekend US & Canada $19,313,566 Aug 10, 1997 Gross worldwide $136,982,834 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 15 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek 6 Richard Donner Movies That Should Be in Your Blu-ray Collection Jul 7Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Conspiracy Theory (1997) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.