Cool Hand Luke (1967) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061512/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_221
Cool Hand Luke (1967) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Cool Hand Luke 19671967 GPGP 2h 7m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 171K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,707 292 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:48 3 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDrama A laid back Southern man is sentenced to two years in a rural prison, but refuses to conform.A laid back Southern man is sentenced to two years in a rural prison, but refuses to conform.A laid back Southern man is sentenced to two years in a rural prison, but refuses to conform. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 171K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,707 292 Director Stuart Rosenberg Writers Donn Pearce(screenplay by) Frank Pierson(screenplay by) Hal Dresner(uncredited) Stars Paul Newman George Kennedy Strother Martin Top credits Director Stuart Rosenberg Writers Donn Pearce(screenplay by) Frank Pierson(screenplay by) Hal Dresner(uncredited) Stars Paul Newman George Kennedy Strother Martin See production, box office & company info 374User reviews 137Critic reviews 92Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #221 Won 1 Oscar 4 wins & 10 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 2:48 Cool Hand Luke Trailer 2:48 Cool Hand Luke Video 2:30 "Patriot" Star Michael Dorman Crushes on 'The Princess Bride' Photos147 Top cast Edit Paul Newman Lukeas Luke George Kennedy Draglineas Dragline Strother Martin Captainas Captain J.D. Cannon Society Redas Society Red Lou Antonio Kokoas Koko Robert Drivas Loudmouth Steveas Loudmouth Steve Jo Van Fleet Arlettaas Arletta Clifton James Carras Carr Morgan Woodward Boss Godfreyas Boss Godfrey Luke Askew Boss Paulas Boss Paul Marc Cavell Rabbittas Rabbitt Richard Davalos Blind Dickas Blind Dick Robert Donner Boss Shortyas Boss Shorty Warren Finnerty Tattooas Tattoo Dennis Hopper Babalugatsas Babalugats John McLiam Boss Keenas Boss Keen Wayne Rogers Gambleras Gambler Harry Dean Stanton Trampas Tramp (as Dean Stanton) Director Stuart Rosenberg Writers Donn Pearce(screenplay by) (based on the novel by) Frank Pierson(screenplay by) Hal Dresner(uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 The Sting 8.0 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid 8.2 The Great Escape 8.0 The Hustler 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai 8.1 Network 8.1 Ben-Hur 8.1 On the Waterfront 8.3 To Kill a Mockingbird 8.1 Platoon 8.1 Stand by Me 8.2 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre Storyline Edit Luke Jackson is a cool, gutsy prisoner in a Southern chain gang, who, while refusing to buckle under to authority, keeps escaping and being recaptured. The prisoners admire Luke because, as Dragline explains it, "You're an original, that's what you are!" Nevertheless, the camp staff actively works to crush Luke until he finally breaks. —alfiehitchie prisonfugitiveescapebethard boiled egg157 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines "What we've got here is failure to communicate." Genres Crime Drama Certificate GP Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the "road-tarring" sequence, the actors actually blacktopped a mile-long stretch of highway for the county. Goofs At one point in the movie a "white on red" stop sign is shown. In the film's late-1940s time period, stop signs were "black on yellow." Quotes Captain: What we've got here is... failure to communicate. Some men you just can't reach. So you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it... well, he gets it. I don't like it any more than you men. Connections Featured in 53rd Annual Academy Awards (1981) Soundtracks Plastic Jesus Written by Ed Rush and George Cromarty Performed by Paul Newman User reviews374 Review Top review 10/10 A classic that became a big part of my life I first saw "Cool Hand Luke" the first week it came out. Went to see it with my father at a theater on the Upper East Side in Manhattan. We were just a few blocks away from the hospital where my Mom was dying of cancer and we just needed a break. It was cathartic. Feeling as beat up and left for dead as I was at the time, I came across a character who knew how to take the punches. "Luke" is a beautifully crafted film. Not one wasted frame or moment. Donn Pearce and Frank Pierson's screenplay is nothing less than a working man's parable of a truly good soul who just couldn't seem to get a break. In ways, it could be said he truly didn't let himself. But the strength within Luke that would not let him compromise who he was for who he was told to be, the resilience to fight back against those who tried to fight him on that was inspirational. Whether it was a carefully chosen remark or just one of them Luke looks, They knew They couldn't knock him out no matter how badly They knocked him down. Seems he handled life like that, and it was an example I've clung to and have tried to follow in the almost fifty subsequent years. Conrad Hall's cinematography was breathtaking, providing the scope of all the integral parts of the story with the immediacy of all the most intimate moments. Any single frame could hang on your living room wall as the centerpiece. The cast: Dennis Hopper, Strother Martin, Lou Antonio, Ralph Waite ... and George Kennedy. Academy Award Winner George Kennedy. "Dragline". The most unforgettable "gentle giant" I believe I've ever seen on the silver screen. Each and every one of them, in all their glory and in the simplest of nuances, helped raise Paul Newman's masterful portrayal to an ever higher level, maybe his best work ever. The character is very much the story in "Cool Hand Luke" and the ensemble brings it to life. Frustrating, challenging, confusing, pain- in-the-ass life with just enough of that rebellious spirit to bring hope to those facing some of their tougher times. I saw the film four more times that first year, and probably twice each year since whenever I could find it. Check in with Luke and the boys for a breath of fresh air and some world-shaking hope. Can't speak for anyone else, but Luke is right up there with Atticus Finch for me when it comes to celluloid heroes, these are the two whose stories got me through some really, really bleak times. And for me, "Cool Hand Luke" was ultimately a story of hope. The story of a man who never gave in. Never gave up. And never stopped grinning. All that they piled on him, all they tried to bury him under ... just wasn't worth his getting worked up over. Wasn't gonna get to his spirit. helpful•50 15 prodigalorphan-72099 Apr 15, 2016 FAQ6 When luke escapes for the second time, he seemed to have blended into the community by having photos made up posing with two ladies, what were the actual reasons behind his recapture. Why did the prisoners take Luke's food (rice)? Is 'Cool Hand Luke' based on a book? Details Edit Release date November 1, 1967 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 铁窗喋血 Filming locations Jacksonville, Florida, USA Production company Jalem Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,200,000 (estimated) See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 7 minutes Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Toxic Masculinity Takes Center Stage in Thessaloniki Competition Title ‘Pack of Sheep’ Nov 5Variety Film + TV Paul Newman's Memoir Will Be Published Posthumously Next Year Nov 4Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Cool Hand Luke (1967) officially released in Japan in Japanese?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.