Creed (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3076658/
Creed (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Creed 20152015 PG-13PG-13 2h 13m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 260K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,816 337 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 30 Videos 99+ Photos DramaSport The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson, the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed.The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson, the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed.The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson, the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 260K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,816 337 Director Ryan Coogler Writers Ryan Coogler(screenplay by) Aaron Covington(screenplay by) Sylvester Stallone(based on characters created by) Stars Michael B. Jordan Sylvester Stallone Tessa Thompson Top credits Director Ryan Coogler Writers Ryan Coogler(screenplay by) Aaron Covington(screenplay by) Sylvester Stallone(based on characters created by) Stars Michael B. Jordan Sylvester Stallone Tessa Thompson See production, box office & company info 564User reviews 506Critic reviews 82Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 44 wins & 65 nominations total Videos30 Trailer 2:33 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:41 Trailer #1 Clip 3:54 The Rise of Michael B. Jordan Clip 0:49 I Like What Youre Doing Clip 0:39 Moved On Clip 0:43 Work Hard Clip 0:41 Afraid Clip 1:28 Hes My Father Clip 1:06 Part Of Him Clip 0:41 I Fight You Fight Interview 6:55 Ryan Coogler Interview 4:51 R Coogler Photos104 Top cast Edit Michael B. Jordan Adonis Johnsonas Adonis Johnson Sylvester Stallone Rocky Balboaas Rocky Balboa Tessa Thompson Biancaas Bianca Phylicia Rashad Mary Anne Creedas Mary Anne Creed Andre Ward Danny 'Stuntman' Wheeleras Danny 'Stuntman' Wheeler Tony Bellew 'Pretty' Ricky Conlanas 'Pretty' Ricky Conlan Ritchie Coster Pete Sporinoas Pete Sporino Jacob 'Stitch' Duran Stitchas Stitch Graham McTavish Tommy Holidayas Tommy Holiday Malik Bazille Amiras Amir Ricardo 'Padman' McGill Padmanas Padman Gabe Rosado Leo 'The Lion' Sporinoas Leo 'The Lion' Sporino (as Gabriel Rosado) Wood Harris Tony 'Little Duke' Burtonas Tony 'Little Duke' Burton Buddy Osborn Conlan's Cut Manas Conlan's Cut Man Rupal Pujara Dr. Katharias Dr. Kathari Brian Anthony Wilson Jamesas James Joey Eye Sporino Cut Manas Sporino Cut Man Johanna Tolentino Lady Copas Lady Cop Director Ryan Coogler Writers Ryan Coogler(screenplay by) (story by) Aaron Covington(screenplay by) Sylvester Stallone(based on characters created by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 Creed II 7.1 Rocky Balboa 6.8 Rocky III 7.3 Rocky II 6.9 Rocky IV 5.3 Rocky V 8.1 Rocky Creed III 7.7 First Blood 7.0 Rambo 7.4 Southpaw 6.5 Rambo: First Blood Part II Storyline Edit Adonis Johnson is the son of the famous boxing champion Apollo Creed, who died in a boxing match in Rocky IV (1985). Adonis wasn't born until after his father's death and wants to follow his fathers footsteps in boxing. He seeks a mentor who is the former heavyweight boxing champion and former friend of Apollo Creed, the retired Rocky Balboa. Rocky eventually agrees to mentor Adonis. With Rocky's help they hope to get a title job to face even deadlier opponents than his father. But whether he is a true fighter remains to be seen.... —Blake ordonez gymtrainingfightboxingboxing match135 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Your legacy is more than a name Genres Drama Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for violence, language and some sensuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Just as the film was entering pre-production, Sylvester Stallone's oldest son Sage Stallone died of a heart attack. Stallone has admitted that the loss almost sent him into a full breakdown, but Ryan Coogler was eventually able to convince him to use the film as a dedication to Sage, focusing specifically on the father-son relationships that appear in it. Although initially resistant, Stallone said at the Golden Globes that Creed helped him cope with Sage's death. Goofs After leaving the dressing room to enter the arena at Goodison Park, Merseyside, England, an American exit sign with red text can be seen above the door. UK exit signs are green with a pictorial of a man and a door. This was clearly not shot it the UK. Quotes Rocky Balboa: Time takes everybody out; time's undefeated. Crazy credits Only movie in the Rocky series which Stallone didn't get top-billing. Alternate versions SPOILER: In the final theatrical release of the film, Adonis Creed loses the fight to Pretty Ricky Conlan by split decision, mirroring the end of the original Rocky. However, another ending was filmed in which Creed wins the fight. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Jennifer Lawrence/Michael B. Jordan/Jeff Lynne's ELO (2015) Soundtracks El Padre Armando Written by Xocoyotzin Herrera Performed by Macias & Macias Courtesy of LMS Records Under license from Latin Music Specialists User reviews564 Review Top review 8/10 "It's your name - use it" As a boxing movie Creed packs a heavyweight punch. Sylvester Stallone (as the film's producer) has covered a lot of miles with his Rocky legend, most recently with his 2006 Rocky Balboa. As such I had thought there was little milk left in the cash cow, but "Creed" proves me wrong. This time, with Stallone's advancing years, he wisely doesn't stretch credibility by having Rocky Balboa as the center of the pugilism, but hands the baton to young contender Adonis ("Donnie") Creed (Michael B Jordan). Adonis is the illegitimate son of Apollo Creed, Rocky's protagonist and later close friend in the first four Rocky films. Donnie is a kid from the wrong side of the tracks with a big chip on his shoulder and a reputation for finding trouble with his fists. Brought back from the brink by Apollo's wife (a touching performance by Phylicia Rashad) Donnie can't escape his family legacy and seeks Balboa's help to make it in the ring, using his own adopted name. Balboa's help leads to a number of 'traditionally' brutal Rocky-style encounters in the ring. I must admit I don't normally 'go' for boxing films like this, but this is extremely well done. All of the boxing training is gritty and believable and the actual bouts, particularly the classic finale, is suitably thrilling and a technical masterpiece of camera-work (hats off to cinematographer Maryse Alberti, who also filmed "The Wrestler" so is no stranger to the ring). A real surprise is just how good Stallone is in the role. There are scenes where Stallone really has to act – particularly an emotional locker-room scene when Rocky faces up to his own personal crisis – and any jokes about Sylvester "Expendables" Stallone's acting abilities are forgotten. Michael B Jordan is also a great find and a name to watch. He has to cover a wide range during the film and succeeds admirably. Tessa Thompson, impressive in last year's "Selma", makes a similarly positive impression here playing the love interest in the form of songstress Bianca, with a difficult future ahead of her. "Creed" is a love letter to the old Rocky films, and – with this quality, and likely success – the start of a whole new generation of films seems probable. The respect it shows to the originals is characterized by a moving tribute to the classic 'Philadelphia steps' scene that brings a genuine lump to the throat. That being said, the film is a lot more 'street' for a new generation, with a soundtrack (by Swedish composer Ludwig Göransson) that mixes rap and hip-hop with more classic orchestral elements. Without outright plagiarism of Bill Conti's classic score, Göransson subtly weaves in some of Conti's themes, notably Adrian's theme, as well as coming up with his own "Fly Now"- equivalent musical high-point. Impressive direction is by Ryan Cooglar in only his second feature film (after Fruitvale Station, also with Michael B Jordan). Cooglar also wrote the story and co-wrote the script. Without any spoilers, the story is delightfully 'un-Hollywood" by being unpredictable in where it goes. However, an area for criticism is that it took a few 'easy' short-cuts in places: a particular 'change of heart' in the film is way to glib and quick. Finally, i would love to watch this film in a cinema in Liverpool, when the "hallowed turf" for a bout is revealed as being Everton's ground, Goodison Park.! Generations of Liverpool FC fans will be turning in their graves and I predict that cinemas in the city could become scenes of the worst hand to hand combat since the finale of Kingsman! (Please see the graphical version of this review at bob-the-movie- man.com. Thanks.) helpful•41 23 bob-the-movie-man Jan 8, 2016 FAQ2 How and when did Paulie die? In 'Rocky Balboa', Paulie mentioned that the Rocky statue, which was originally located at the top of the steps of the Philadelphia Art Museum, was taken down. But when Adonis arrived at Philadelphia, he spots the statue at a different location. Somebody explain this? Details Edit Release date November 25, 2015 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Instagram MGM Languages English Spanish Also known as Tay Đấm Huyền Thoại Filming locations Goodison Park, Goodison Road, Walton, Liverpool, Merseyside, England, UK Production companies Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) Warner Bros. New Line Cinema See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $35,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $109,767,581 Opening weekend US & Canada $29,632,823 Nov 29, 2015 Gross worldwide $173,567,581 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 13 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Michael B. Jordan Shares Look Inside His Private Romance With Lori Harvey on Their First Anniversary Nov 17E! Online Rocky IV: Rocky vs Drago review – silly director’s cut is a losing battle Nov 12The Guardian - Film News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.