Creepshow 2 (1987) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092796/
Creepshow 2 (1987) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Creepshow 2 19871987 RR 1h 32m IMDb RATING 6.1/10 24K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:11 1 Video 99+ Photos FantasyHorror Three more bone-chilling tales that include a vengeful wooden Native American, a monstrous blob in a lake, and a hitchhiker who wants revenge and will not die.Three more bone-chilling tales that include a vengeful wooden Native American, a monstrous blob in a lake, and a hitchhiker who wants revenge and will not die.Three more bone-chilling tales that include a vengeful wooden Native American, a monstrous blob in a lake, and a hitchhiker who wants revenge and will not die. IMDb RATING 6.1/10 24K YOUR RATING Rate Director Michael Gornick Writers Stephen King(stories) George A. Romero(screenplay) Lucille Fletcher(uncredited) Stars George Kennedy Lois Chiles Domenick John Top credits Director Michael Gornick Writers Stephen King(stories) George A. Romero(screenplay) Lucille Fletcher(uncredited) Stars George Kennedy Lois Chiles Domenick John See production, box office & company info 150User reviews 134Critic reviews 39Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 nomination Videos1 Trailer 1:11 Creepshow 2 Photos106 Top cast Edit George Kennedy Ray Spruce (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Ray Spruce (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Lois Chiles Annie Lansing (segment "The Hitchhiker")as Annie Lansing (segment "The Hitchhiker") Domenick John Billy (prologue)as Billy (prologue) Tom Savini The Creep (prologue)as The Creep (prologue) Philip Dore Curly (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Curly (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Maltby Napoleon Indian #1 (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Indian #1 (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Tyrone Tonto Indian #2 (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Indian #2 (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Dorothy Lamour Martha Spruce (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Martha Spruce (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Frank Salsedo Ben Whitemoon (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Ben Whitemoon (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Holt McCallany Sam Whitemoon (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Sam Whitemoon (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") David Holbrook Fatso Gribbens (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Fatso Gribbens (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Don Harvey Andy Cavenaugh (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Andy Cavenaugh (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Dan Kamin Old Chief Wood'nhead (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Old Chief Wood'nhead (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Dean Smith Mr. Cavenaugh (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Mr. Cavenaugh (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") (as Deane Smith) Shirley Sonderegger Mrs. Cavenaugh (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead")as Mrs. Cavenaugh (segment "Old Chief Wood'nhead") Paul Satterfield Deke (segment "The Raft")as Deke (segment "The Raft") Jeremy Green Laverne (segment "The Raft")as Laverne (segment "The Raft") Daniel Beer Randy (segment "The Raft")as Randy (segment "The Raft") Director Michael Gornick Writers Stephen King(stories) George A. Romero(screenplay) Lucille Fletcher(uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.9 Creepshow 6.3 Tales from the Darkside: The Movie 3.2 Creepshow 3 7.1 Creepshow 6.3 Cat's Eye 8.0 Tales from the Crypt 6.2 House 6.4 Silver Bullet 6.1 Cujo Creepshow 6.2 Pumpkinhead 7.5 Tales from the Darkside Storyline Edit "Creepshow 2" is divided into three stories, conducted by a leading segment where a boy that loves the horror comic book Creepshow buys seeds of carnivorous plant and is bullied by four teenagers. Meanwhile the Creep tells the tales of Creepshow: (1) "Old Chief Wood'nhead" - The elders Ray (George Kennedy) and Martha Spruce (Dorothy Lamour) have lived their whole life and raised their family with their small store in an Arizona town. Now the town is economically decadent and Ray gives credit to his customers; including the Indians of Ben Whitemoon's tribe. When Ray is repairing the wooden statue of an old chief in the front door, Ben (Frank Salsedo) arrives and asks him to keep the jewels of his tribe as a guarantee for their debts. However, Ben's nephew Sam (Holt McCallany) unexpectedly arrives with two other punks to steal Ray, and he kills the elders. They expect to travel to Hollywood, but the Old Chief Wood'nhead will not let them go. (2) "The Raft" - The teenagers Deke (Paul Satterfield) and Randy (Daniel Beer) travel with Laverne (Jeremy Green) and Rachel (Page Hannah) to a lake expecting to smoke weed, swim and get laid. They swim to a raft that is floating in the middle of the lake, but they discover a carnivorous blob in the lake that is hungry. (3) "The Hitchhiker" - In Maine, the unfaithful Annie Lansing (Lois Chiles) stays too long having sex with her escort and is late to meet her husband in the airport. She drives her Mercedes Benz in a hurry and loses control on the road. Annie runs over a hitchhiker, but she does not help the man and hit-and-run, questioning whether she can live with the situation. She discovers that the hitchhiker will not leave her. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil based on the works of stephen kingblack comedyanthologyraftswimming66 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines When The Curtain Goes Up, The Terror Begins! Genres Fantasy Horror Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Daniel Beer, who played Randy in the segment The Raft almost died from hypothermia. The water was so cold his body turned green. The crew wanted him to continue acting, but Director Michael Gornick said if they get him to keep working, he will walk off the set and never return. So they took him to the hospital and he made a full recovery, and completed the segment of "The Raft." Goofs When Annie Lansing is looking out of the back of her car to see if the hitchhiker is still running behind her, he has disappeared but instead you can see a crewmember through the upper left corner of the car window. Quotes The Hitchhiker: Thanks for the ride, lady! Crazy credits After the credits are over the following text appears: "Juvinile delinquency is the product of pent up frustrations, stored up resentments and bottled up fears, it is not the product of cartoons and captions, but the comics are a handy, obvious, and uncomplicated scapegoat. If the adults who crusade against them would only get steamed up over much basic causes of delinquency as parental ignorance, indifference, and cruelty. they might discover that comic books are no more then a menace than "Treasure Island" or "Jack the Giant Killer" - Colliers magazine, 1949 Alternate versions When initially released to Blu-ray in Germany, it was heavily cut down by almost 10 minutes. Connections Featured in Nightmares in Foam Rubber (2004) Soundtracks Theme from 'Creepshow' Composed by John Harrison User reviews150 Review Top review 6/10 A step down from the 1st film, but still a decent watch Creepshow 2 has Steven King and George Romero returning for this sequel but only in the writing. The budget is substantially lower and so is the overall quality of the production. With that said, it is still fairly entertaining anthology horror based of the EC comics. In the original film there were 5 short stories, in this there are 3(because they ran out of money). Had there been a bigger budget and with George Romero directing this could have been closer in quality to the original Creepshow. Having said that this is still a good time passer and a basically a bridge between Creepshow and the excellent Tales From The Crypt series, which was awesome and would be on HBD for a long time. helpful•3 0 dworldeater Apr 10, 2020 FAQ1 Why doesn't "Creepshow 2" have five stories like the original film? Details Edit Release date May 1, 1987 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Dead and Undead: Creepshow 2 Filming locations 12890 E Main St, Humboldt, Arizona, USA Production companies New World Pictures Laurel Entertainment Inc. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $14,000,000 Opening weekend US & Canada $3,584,077 May 3, 1987 Gross worldwide $14,000,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 32 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.33 : 1(original & negative ratio/open matte) Related news Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea to Star in Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ Nov 17Variety Film + TV Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ Nov 17The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Creepshow 2 (1987) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.