Cry Wolf (2005) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0384286/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Cry Wolf (2005) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Cry Wolf 20052005 1h 30m IMDb RATING 5.8/10 27K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:24 3 Videos 84 Photos DramaHorrorMystery Eight unsuspecting high school seniors at a posh boarding school, who delight themselves on playing games of lies, come face-to-face with terror and learn that nobody believes a liar - even ... Read allEight unsuspecting high school seniors at a posh boarding school, who delight themselves on playing games of lies, come face-to-face with terror and learn that nobody believes a liar - even when they're telling the truth.Eight unsuspecting high school seniors at a posh boarding school, who delight themselves on playing games of lies, come face-to-face with terror and learn that nobody believes a liar - even when they're telling the truth. IMDb RATING 5.8/10 27K YOUR RATING Rate Director Jeff Wadlow Writers Jeff Wadlow Beau Bauman Stars Julian Morris Lindy Booth Jared Padalecki Top credits Director Jeff Wadlow Writers Jeff Wadlow Beau Bauman Stars Julian Morris Lindy Booth Jared Padalecki See production, box office & company info 232User reviews 140Critic reviews 39Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos3 Trailer 2:24 Cry Wolf Clip 0:39 Cry Wolf Clip 0:55 Cry Wolf Photos84 Top cast Edit Julian Morris Owenas Owen Lindy Booth Dodgeras Dodger Jared Padalecki Tomas Tom Erica Yates Beckyas Becky Jane Beard Miss McNallyas Miss McNally Gary Cole Mr. Matthewsas Mr. Matthews Jesse Janzen Randallas Randall Paul James Lewisas Lewis Sandra McCoy Mercedesas Mercedes Ethan Cohn Grahamas Graham Kristy Wu Reginaas Regina Sabrina Gilbert Game Playeras Game Player Ashleigh Pixley Game Playeras Game Player Shauna Sauls Game Playeras Game Player Ranel Johnson Game Playeras Game Player Michael Kennedy Custodianas Custodian Jon Bon Jovi Rich Walkeras Rich Walker Ashley Davis Lauraas Laura Director Jeff Wadlow Writers Jeff Wadlow Beau Bauman All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.2 Sorority Row 5.4 House of Wax 5.2 Cherry Falls 6.4 Christmas Cottage 4.7 Young MacGyver 5.4 My Bloody Valentine 4.9 Valentine 5.6 Urban Legend 4.7 House of Fears 4.3 Urban Legends: Final Cut 6.1 Wrong Turn 4.8 My Soul to Take Storyline Edit Nobody believes a liar - even when they're telling the truth. When a young woman is found murdered, a group of local high school students decide to further scare their classmates by spreading online rumors that a serial killer called "The Wolf" is on the loose. By describing "The Wolf's" next victims, the students' game is to see how many people they can convince - and if anyone will uncover the lie. But when the described victims actually do start turning up dead, suddenly no one knows where the lies end and the truth begins. As someone or something begins hunting the students themselves, the game turns terrifyingly real. —focus features teenage girlslasher flickmaskhalloween costumehalloween166 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines BeLIEve Genres Drama Horror Mystery Thriller Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Jeff Wadlow's feature debut. He got the chance to make Cry Wolf (2005) after winning $1,000,000 at the 2002 Chrysler Million Dollar Film Festival. Goofs (at around 30 mins) When Owen and Tom pull Dodger from the pool, her hair is drenched and hanging down over her face. When the camera cuts to Owen's reaction and then back to Dodger, her hair is neatly tucked behind her ear. Quotes Dodger: Avoid suspicion, manipulate your friends, and eliminate your enemies. Alternate versions When originally released theatrically in 2005, cuts were made to secure an MPAA PG-13 rating and BBFC 12A rating.All cuts were waived in 2006 for the DVD and later Blu-ray releases citing the film as uncut, and unrated in the USA. Connections Featured in Phelous & the Movies: Cry_Wolph (2010) Soundtracks Tougher Than It Is Written by John McCrea and Gabriel Nelson Performed by Cake Courtesy of Columbia Records By Arrangement with SONY BMG MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT User reviews232 Review Top review 8/10 An enjoyable and clever underrated film due to poor and misleading marketing A group of friends at Wesley, a rich upscale high school, play a game called cry wolf every night. The game was created by the group's leader Dodger (Lindy Booth) who marks one of her friends as the liar with a red marker and it's up to the rest of the group to figure out who is the liar. One day Dodger and the new kid at the school Owen (Julian Morris) decide it will be fun to make up an entire lie about a murdering serial killer loose on campus. Owen and Dodger go along with the idea and send a mass email to everyone on campus letting them know that a killer by the name of "The Wolf" is murdering people on campus. But it isn't long before this little joke turns into a real threat that might cost everyone involved in the joke their lives. Three words can be used to describe this film clever, suspenseful, and enjoyable! I really enjoyed this film and I didn't see it coming at all, I expected something mediocre at best when walking into the theater. While the marketing for this film is misleading and makes this movie seem like another brainless teen horror slasher flick, I assure you it's not like that. While I wouldn't call this movie 100% percent original, I would say that this movie is a pretty fresh idea with a lot of originality. This movie is great for a few reasons, the first reason is because the idea behind it is pretty new, the second reason is that the movie keeps you on the edge of your seat with suspense, and lastly the film keeps you guessing. I love movies that make you keep you thinking and just when you think you know what's going to happen, your proved wrong. This film contains a lot of twists! And I haven't seen a movie that kept me guessing all the way till the end in a long time. The acting for this cast of newcomers is actually pretty good especially for the genre at hand. I really enjoyed Julian Morris's character Owen; he played the part very well and he was very believable. I also really enjoyed Lindy Booth who was excellent as Dodger, she had such a controlling power about her and she really brought it out on screen. Also I have to mention that she was incredibly cute! Also the other surprise here was Jon Bon Jovi who actually can act and sing which is always an incredible pair but he was good as the sleazy journalism teacher. There are several others to mention here and that would probably take far too much time to list them all but they were all good at the roles they played. "Cry_Wolf" was directed by newcomer Jeff Wadlow a recent USC film graduate. I must say that I liked what he did with the film. He knew how to build the suspense and capture the character's fears and excitement. I really liked some of the camera shots especially the whole collage thing when all of the people started to read the email about the serial killer on campus. Nice work there! Also Jeff co-wrote the film with Beau Bauman and I must say the film was a pretty fresh idea and I loved the whole idea behind the film considering it seems like an idea that could happen now with computers and cell phones everywhere. So to sum it up, "Cry_Wolf" is not what the trailers lead you to believe; instead it's a suspense thriller with good acting, a semi original story, and a great ending. The movie contains several twists that keeps the audience always on the edge of their seats asking the question "What's going to happen next?" It might not be an Oscar worthy film but it's a damn good thriller to say the least. It keeps you guessing and interested from start to finish and what more can you ask for from a mainstream Hollywood film? MovieManMenzel's final rating for "Cry_Wolf" is a 8/10. Buy the big popcorn and sit back and enjoy the suspense. helpful•65 18 ScottDMenzel Sep 20, 2005 FAQ1 What are the differences between the PG-13 Version and the Unrated Cut? Details Edit Release date September 16, 2005 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Living the Lie Filming locations Collegiate School - 103 N. Mooreland Rd, Richmond, Virginia, USA Production companies Rogue Pictures Hypnotic See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $10,047,674 Opening weekend US & Canada $4,551,000 Sep 18, 2005 Gross worldwide $32,586,408 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 30 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Dolby SR Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Dr Sales Tempts World Buyers with ‘Carmen Curlers’ Series (Exclusive) Oct 5Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the French language plot outline for Cry Wolf (2005)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.