Cut Throat City (2020) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3547306/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=10be570d-c515-4f09-aad8-66b7e6dab873&pf_rd_r=NB9PMR97WQG6JC0Q1718&pf_rd_s=center-18&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=podcasts&ref_=fea_pod_mtcml_12_lk2
Cut Throat City (2020) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Cut Throat City 20202020 RR 2h 3m IMDb RATING 4.8/10 2.3K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:21 9 Videos 49 Photos ActionCrimeDrama Set after Hurricane Katrina, four boyhood friends out of options reluctantly accept an offer to pull off a dangerous heist in the heart of New Orleans.Set after Hurricane Katrina, four boyhood friends out of options reluctantly accept an offer to pull off a dangerous heist in the heart of New Orleans.Set after Hurricane Katrina, four boyhood friends out of options reluctantly accept an offer to pull off a dangerous heist in the heart of New Orleans. IMDb RATING 4.8/10 2.3K YOUR RATING Rate Director RZA Writer P.G. Cuschieri Stars Shameik Moore Demetrius Shipp Jr. Denzel Whitaker Top credits Director RZA Writer P.G. Cuschieri Stars Shameik Moore Demetrius Shipp Jr. Denzel Whitaker See production, box office & company info 75User reviews 35Critic reviews 67Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos9 Trailer 2:21 Official Trailer Trailer 1:31 Comic-Con Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:15 Cut Throat City Trailer 2:15 Cut Throat City Trailer 1:36 Cut Throat City Trailer 2:15 Official Trailer Cut Throat City Interview 2:53 RZA & Wesley Snipes Reveal Inspiration & Desperation of 'Cut Throat City' Full Episode 3:46 'Emperor' Star Kat Graham Was Inspired by This Hollywood Icon Video 5:15 RZA and Wesley Snipes on 'Blade' and 'Cut Throat City' Photos49 Top cast Edit Shameik Moore Blinkas Blink Demetrius Shipp Jr. Miracleas Miracle Denzel Whitaker Andreas Andre Keean Johnson Junioras Junior Kat Graham Demyraas Demyra T.I. Lorenzo 'Cousin' Bassas Lorenzo 'Cousin' Bass (as Tip 'T.I.' Harris) Terrence Howard The Saintas The Saint Rob Morgan Courtneyas Courtney Eiza González Lucinda Benoitas Lucinda Benoit Ethan Hawke Jackson Symmsas Jackson Symms Wesley Snipes Lawrenceas Lawrence Joel David Moore Peter Feltonas Peter Felton Isaiah Washington Sinclair Stewartas Sinclair Stewart Sam Daly O'Malleyas O'Malley Rich Paul Will Robinsonas Will Robinson Tyron Woodley Loseras Loser Elliott Michael Smith Bringo Gainesas Bringo Gaines (as E.M. Smith) Andrene Ward-Hammond Andre's Motheras Andre's Mother Director RZA Writer P.G. Cuschieri All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 Twelve 4.8 The Tax Collector 6.1 Target Number One 6.2 Synchronic 5.4 Fatale 7.4 Waiting for Godot 6.3 Concrete Cowboy 5.7 The Last Shift 5.7 Hour of Lead 5.4 Outside the Wire 5.3 Coming 2 America Watch options 6.0 Unhinged Storyline Edit From director RZA comes the explosive CUT THROAT CITY, the story of four boyhood friends in New Orleans' Lower Ninth Ward who return after Hurricane Katrina to find their homes decimated, with no jobs, and no help from FEMA. Out of options, they reluctantly turn to a local gangster, who offers them one shot at turning their situations around - by pulling off a dangerous heist in the heart of the city. When the job goes bad, the friends find themselves on the run, hunted by two relentless detectives and a neighborhood warlord who thinks they stole the heist money. —Well Go USA Entertainment heiststrip clubfemale nuditybare breastshurricane katrina2 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Desperate times. Dangerous measures. Genres Action Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence, pervasive language, drug content, some sexual material and nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Wesley Snipes & Ethan Hawke previously starred together (yet shared no scenes together) in Brooklyn's Finest (2009). Goofs detective lucinda's (played by eiza gonzalez) last name is valencia in the film. but in the credits, her last name is benoit. Quotes Jackson Symms: Yeah, well, money's a funny thing, right Make any man feel like a king. Courtney: Make a man feel like a slave also. Connections References The Wizard of Oz (1939) Soundtracks Ten Seconds to Live Written by Brian D. Jones & Timo Elliston Performed by Fck Mry Kll Courtesy of Bang NY User reviews75 Review Top review 7/10 good film worth watching I like it but it's not great film It's been awhile since 2018 trailer come out I was alright let's check this movie out then waiting, waiting, waiting then year later 2019 I was like where's movie? has this came out yet? I don't know if this was true or not but film is been on hold for awhile this was in production in 2017 and film would been in shot in 2017 between 2018 because in December 2018 Ethan Hawke joined in cast I am like? yeah film is in hold for awhile because RZA changed his mind with script and cast I am not kidding if you see the very, very first trailer that came out Jul 23, 2018 to this film Ethan Hawke is not in cast in trailer where it was introducing the actors in film? so that means RZA changed his mind, changed script he said let's put new character that is Ethan Hawke that's why I had strange feeling I am not if that's what it looks like to me he re-shot movie then he decided to do it but anyway during this COVID-19 I wish I could of saw this movie in theatre but could not during COVID-19, theatres weren't open I decided to buy Blu-ray on eBay just see a new movie in 2020 saw it on Saturday night I wanted to hate film but I could not I just could not hate it for some many reasons. it's well scripted performance was great, not all actors were wasted they were all barley in it the only actors that are only wasted is TI and Terrace Howard that's it you can't have all actors part of movie but hey fair thing. I got to say this is a good movie, it's worth watching because of characters our lead guys in film I enjoyed I enjoyed it for cast of film thankfully they weren't wasted. Getting into story of film (Shameik Moore) Blink and 3 of his friends living in New Orleans Blink is an Artist and as you see opening up of movie theirs a reading graphic novel that Blink has written and drawing and has Illustrated very interesting to have character who loves art soo much, Blink gets married and has 1 daughter. Then suddenly their is a Hurricane Katarina is rapidly approaching New Orleans after National Disaster, Blink and his friends are Desperate for money to pay their bills, pay their own rent basically they don't wanna up like bums so they try to get jobs Blink tries to get a job in art industry then somehow he didn't get job and FEMA not helping financially. Blink decides turn into local ringleader he offers his friends an opportunity to mob a local casino and they accept it. so they end up robbing every single store or anything you name in town to own money and get out of town. Lucinda Valencia (Eiza González) known for From Dusk Till Dawn series, Baby Driver, Alita Battle Angel, Fast and Furious Hobbs and Shaw, Bloodshot in this film she play's as cop she gets a call from Jackson Symms (Ethan Hawke) who is a is a councilman wanting to get business back in town after the hurricane. saying the casino is been robbed I think it was his casino then in threw out film Lucinda is investigating going threw cases finding those robbers and now she is not villain or bad cop at least she helps with Blink she has connections with him and helping out, if you curious about 'Cousin' Bass (T.I.) character he is their and their doesn't get too do much he gives Blink and his friends job then something turns out to be wrong he play's boss of his gangs then they were on run then Blink goes to his grandfather or his dad house that is (Wesley Snipes) Lawrence who is their and their in movie not much he play's old man who is just nobody who hasn't done well in school all that he let's Blink and his friends to stay in his house. I love Wesley Snipes great actor, great action star I haven't seen him since Expendables 3 (2014) in theatre then he cameback then lands back to slaright to DVD films sadly but then he gets back up in theatrical film not a direct to DVD film. and The Saint (Terrence Howard) is the big honcho mob boss at the top of the food chain he does alright in film but not much to say about Terrance Howard because he wasn't much in film what can I say he was only in 2 scenes in film you have scene with him and Blink with his friends that's about it he doesn't do much he does what he does in film, surprised I saw Tyron Woodley plays as the loser because he is a UFC fighter he recently lost in UFC by Coby Covington surprised cameo in film that no one saw it coming if you watch UFC you will be surprised who is in movie. also what I also liked is amazing looking I liked the use of the graphic novel to illustrate the world that the protagonist lives in. The actors made the movie realistic. Perfect camera angles. This movie keeps you engaged throughout. Showed passion, love, and tugged on your emotions. Enough action to maintain your attention, happy moments with situations that keep you guessing. Ignore the reviews it's good movie it's worth seeing filmi would top RZA as director then to Spike Lee Ultimately it is akin to a Spike Lee joint in that it doesn't pander or avoid difficult topics. There's a lot more to admire here than the reviews or ratings indicate! RZA just keeps it simple when he does his movies i will look forward to any RZA movies that anything he does this is highly recommend worth of look of movie 7.10 helpful•11 6 nikola17 Oct 19, 2020 Details Edit Release date August 21, 2020 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Language English Also known as Thành Phố Cắt Cổ Production companies Rumble Riot Pictures Patriot Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $855,894 Opening weekend US & Canada $243,379 Aug 23, 2020 Gross worldwide $864,928 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 3 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Greta Lee, Laith Nakli, Isabella Rossellini, RZA & More Board Julio Torres’ Film For A24 And Emma Stone’s Fruit Tree Nov 11Deadline Film + TV ‘The Locksmith’: Ryan Phillippe, Kate Bosworth, Ving Rhames Set For Thriller; Filming To Begin In New Mexico This Month — AFM Nov 2Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for Cut Throat City (2020)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.