Cutter's Way (1981) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082220/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Cutter's Way (1981) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Cutter's Way 19811981 RR 1h 49m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 6.2K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:24 2 Videos 35 Photos CrimeDramaMystery Richard spots a man dumping a body, and decides to expose the man he thinks is the culprit with his friend Alex Cutter.Richard spots a man dumping a body, and decides to expose the man he thinks is the culprit with his friend Alex Cutter.Richard spots a man dumping a body, and decides to expose the man he thinks is the culprit with his friend Alex Cutter. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 6.2K YOUR RATING Rate Director Ivan Passer Writers Newton Thornburg(based on the novel "Cutter and Bone" by) Jeffrey Alan Fiskin(screenplay by) Stars Jeff Bridges John Heard Lisa Eichhorn Top credits Director Ivan Passer Writers Newton Thornburg(based on the novel "Cutter and Bone" by) Jeffrey Alan Fiskin(screenplay by) Stars Jeff Bridges John Heard Lisa Eichhorn See production, box office & company info 68User reviews 55Critic reviews 70Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 2 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:24 Official Trailer Video 28:58 Sneak Previews Season 3 Episode 33 Photos35 Top cast Edit Jeff Bridges Richard Boneas Richard Bone John Heard Alex Cutteras Alex Cutter Lisa Eichhorn Maureen Cutter, 'Mo'as Maureen Cutter, 'Mo' Ann Dusenberry Valerie Duranas Valerie Duran Stephen Elliott J.J. Cordas J.J. Cord Arthur Rosenberg George Swansonas George Swanson Nina van Pallandt Woman in the Hotelas Woman in the Hotel Patricia Donahue Mrs. Cordas Mrs. Cord Geraldine Baron Susie Swansonas Susie Swanson Katherine Pass Toyota Womanas Toyota Woman Francis X. McCarthy Toyota Manas Toyota Man (as Frank McCarthy) George Planco Toyota Copas Toyota Cop Jay Fletcher Cord Security Guardas Cord Security Guard George Dickerson Morticianas Mortician Jack Murdock Concession Owneras Concession Owner Essex Smith Black #1as Black #1 Rod Gist Black #2as Black #2 Leonard Lightfoot Black #3as Black #3 Director Ivan Passer Writers Newton Thornburg(based on the novel "Cutter and Bone" by) Jeffrey Alan Fiskin(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 Night Moves 6.5 Trouble in Mind 7.4 Body Heat 7.1 The Hit 7.3 Mona Lisa 6.8 Body Double 6.8 The Onion Field 7.0 Across 110th Street 6.4 The Bedroom Window 7.5 The Friends of Eddie Coyle 7.1 Farewell, My Lovely 7.3 Fat City Storyline Edit Drifter Richard Bone is temporarily living with his friends, married couple Alex and Mo Cutter, in Santa Barbara, while working for their mutual friend, George Swanson, as a salesman at his boat dealership. Rich and Mo may have ended up together if Rich had stuck around at the time, something that Mo can't help but think about now in Alex long having dropped out of life the result of his experience in Vietnam, which included losing an eye, an arm and a leg, he largely turning to the bottle to cope. Only when he is brought in as a suspect does Rich comes to the realization that what he saw off in the distance one rainy night in a back alley was the disposal of a dead body, the victim seventeen year old Vicky Duran. Spotting him in a crowd, Rich is "certain" that who he saw dump the body is one of Santa Barbara's most upstanding citizens, oil baron J.J. Cord. What Rich and Alex discover about Cord and his movements that evening fit with him being the perpetrator. Bringing in Vicky's sister, Val Duran, who wants justice for Vicky, Alex comes up with a scheme to expose Cord as the murderer, that scheme - sending Cord a blackmail letter, he responding to such with the requested moneys proving he the murderer - which requires Rich's cooperation as the front man. While this plot seems to have brought Alex back to life, it may be the impetus for forever changing the relationships between Rich, Alex and Mo. —Huggo vigilantismvietnam war veteranamusement parkfriendhouseboat100 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Bone saw the killer. Cutter knew the motive. Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Before the production started on this film, Ivan Passer and producer Paul R. Gurian went to Jeff Bridges' house to ask him if he would agree to play Bone. After both entered Bridges' property, the actor's dog, a big German shepherd, attacked Gurian, biting him on the jaw. Gurian nearly died. Bridges later confessed that, after this incident, he had no choice but to accept the role in order to avoid being sued for several million dollars. Goofs Valerie's disappearance is neither explained nor noted by the main characters. Quotes Alex Cutter: I don't drink. You know, the routine grind drives me to drink. Tragedy, I take straight. Connections Featured in Sneak Previews: Raiders of the Lost Ark, City of Women, I Sent a Letter To My Love, Cutter's Way (1981) Soundtracks We're Old Enough to Know Music by Jack Nitzsche Lyrics by John Byrum Vocals by Jack Nitzsche User reviews68 Review Top review 8/10 More Relevant Than Ever The title "Cutter's Way" is a reference to the main character, Alexander Cutter, perhaps cinema's all-time best antihero. John Heard plays the difficult role of an angry Vietnam veteran who returned from what he now regards as a meaningless war minus an arm, an eye, and a leg. He hates the fat cats-feeling that they conned him and others into patriotically serving while they stayed home, and he resents his best friend Richard Bone (Jeff Bridges) who avoided the war and continues to avoid any involvement or commitment. Commitment is Alexander Cutter's one remaining virtue, when he sets his sights on taking down an arrogant oil tycoon who has gotten away with murdering a 17 year old cheerleader, he stubbornly refuses to give up this mission and insists on doing it his way. Heard should have gotten the Best Actor Oscar in 1981 (it went to Henry Fonda for "On Golden Pond") but "Cutter's Way" was not popular with critics and viewers so Heard was not even nominated. It is an amazing performance as Heard must win audience sympathy for a character who is not only unpleasant, but terribly abusive to everyone- especially his wife and his only two remaining friends. But he earns our admiration with his final act as a knight (on a white horse) who gallops into danger to avenge his wife's murder. With this Cutter is finally revealed as a romantic who is willing to back up his angry words and seemingly empty threats. His anger is over more than his wasted wartime sacrifice. He feels frustration and confusion because while he has remained the same, the world has changed around him in ways antithetical to his beliefs (can you identify with that?). He recognizes that he has become irrelevant to this world but is not going out until he has made a last stand. His commitment ultimately gets Bone to take his first moral stand and finish what his friend started, doing it "Cutter's Way". Like "Fat City" (another of Jeff Bridges' early films) "Cutter's Way" is more appreciated now than at the time of its release. In part this is because both of these films have held up very well, if anything their political messages are even more relevant today. Thematically "Cutter's Way" is a political film-both anti-war and anti-power; very much in the tradition of "Chinatown" and the world of Raymond Chandler adaptations. This film is essentially a character study with an expressionistic ending. Most action/adventure fans will find it way too slow and cerebral for their tastes. The acting and the themes are its strength, the contrived story is a non-fatal flaw. The multi-dimensionality of Cutter, Bone, and Cutter's wife Mo (an extraordinary performance by Lisa Eichhorn) are carefully crafted and revealed by director Ivan Passer. Cutter's other remaining friend George (Arthur Rosenberg) is equally well crafted but more secondary to the story. A fifth character (the dead cheerleader's older sister played by Ann Dusenberry) appears to be a victim of the post-production process as she simply disappears without explanation about 20 minutes before the film's end. Normally the absence of a supporting character would go unnoticed but Dusenberry had done such a nice job developing this character (maximizing what little she was given to work with) that the absence is glaring. Contemporary audiences will see a lot of Dominique Swain in Dusenberry. They not only look enough alike to be sisters but they have the same confident flare to their acting style. Passer had to work hard to keep Dusenberry reined in but succeeded in getting a nice restrained performance from her, her high intensity peeks through just enough to convey that there is more to her character than meets the eye. Then again, what do I know? I'm only a child. helpful•15 5 aimless-46 Nov 3, 2005 Details Edit Release date February 10, 1982 (France) Country of origin United States Languages English Spanish Also known as Cutter and Bone Filming locations 800 Alvarado Place, Santa Barbara, California, USA Production company Gurian Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $1,729,274 Gross worldwide $1,752,634 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 49 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek The Best Movies Streaming Right Now: ‘The Insider’, ‘One Hour Photo’, ‘Cutter’s Way’, ‘The Boy Behind the Door’, ‘Untold: Malice at the Palace’ Aug 13Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Cutter's Way (1981) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.