Dark Shadows (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1077368/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Dark Shadows (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dark Shadows 20122012 PG-13PG-13 1h 53m IMDb RATING 6.2/10 257K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 562 22 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 19 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyFantasyHorror An imprisoned vampire, Barnabas Collins, is set free and returns to his ancestral home, where his dysfunctional descendants are in need of his protection.An imprisoned vampire, Barnabas Collins, is set free and returns to his ancestral home, where his dysfunctional descendants are in need of his protection.An imprisoned vampire, Barnabas Collins, is set free and returns to his ancestral home, where his dysfunctional descendants are in need of his protection. IMDb RATING 6.2/10 257K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 562 22 Director Tim Burton Writers Seth Grahame-Smith(screenplay) John August(story) Dan Curtis(television series) Stars Johnny Depp Michelle Pfeiffer Eva Green Top credits Director Tim Burton Writers Seth Grahame-Smith(screenplay) John August(story) Dan Curtis(television series) Stars Johnny Depp Michelle Pfeiffer Eva Green See production, box office & company info 576User reviews 539Critic reviews 55Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 13 nominations Videos19 Trailer 2:33 No. 1 Trailer 2:26 Dark Shadows Clip 2:11 A Guide to the Films of Tim Burton Clip 0:38 "What Is Your Age?" Clip 1:14 "There's Always Been Something Pulling Me Here?" Clip 1:11 "People Don't Throw Balls Anymore" Clip 1:04 "Locked in a Box for 200 Years" Clip 1:25 "Why Have You Done This to Me?" Clip 1:17 "Welcome Home Barnabas Collins" Clip 1:12 "Stay Away from That Man" Clip 1:04 "Look Into My Eyes" Clip 1:13 "A Vampire!" Photos317 Top cast Edit Johnny Depp Barnabas Collinsas Barnabas Collins Michelle Pfeiffer Elizabeth Collins Stoddardas Elizabeth Collins Stoddard Eva Green Angelique Bouchardas Angelique Bouchard Helena Bonham Carter Dr. Julia Hoffmanas Dr. Julia Hoffman Jackie Earle Haley Willie Loomisas Willie Loomis Jonny Lee Miller Roger Collinsas Roger Collins Bella Heathcote Victoria Wintersas Victoria Winters… Chloë Grace Moretz Carolyn Stoddardas Carolyn Stoddard Gulliver McGrath David Collinsas David Collins (as Gully McGrath) Ray Shirley Mrs. Johnsonas Mrs. Johnson Christopher Lee Clarneyas Clarney Alice Cooper Alice Cooperas Alice Cooper Ivan Kaye Joshua Collinsas Joshua Collins Susanna Cappellaro Naomi Collinsas Naomi Collins Josephine Butler David's Motheras David's Mother William Hope Sheriffas Sheriff Shane Rimmer Board Member 1as Board Member 1 Michael Shannon Board Member 2as Board Member 2 (as Michael J. Shannon) Director Tim Burton Writers Seth Grahame-Smith(screenplay) (story) John August(story) Dan Curtis(television series) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Johnny Depp Through the Years Johnny Depp Through the Years Take a look back at Johnny Depp's movie and TV career in photos.See more Johnny More like this 7.3 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street 7.3 Sleepy Hollow 7.9 Edward Scissorhands 8.0 Dark Shadows 6.4 The Lone Ranger 7.5 Beetle Juice 7.0 Big Eyes 8.0 Big Fish 6.0 The Tourist 7.8 Ed Wood 6.5 Secret Window 5.5 Mortdecai Storyline Edit In the year 1752, Joshua and Naomi Collins, with young son Barnabas, set sail from Liverpool, England to start a new life in America. But even an ocean was not enough to escape the mysterious curse that has plagued their family. Two decades pass and Barnabas (Johnny Depp) has the world at his feet-or at least the town of Collinsport, Maine. The master of Collinwood Manor, Barnabas is rich, powerful and an inveterate playboy...until he makes the grave mistake of breaking the heart of Angelique Bouchard (Eva Green). A witch, in every sense of the word, Angelique dooms him to a fate worse than death: turning him into a vampire, and then burying him alive. Two centuries later, Barnabas is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate has fallen into ruin. The dysfunctional remnants of the Collins family have fared little better, each harboring their own dark secrets. Matriarch Elizabeth Collins Stoddard (Michelle Pfeiffer) has called upon live-in psychiatrist, Dr. Julia Hoffman (Helena Bonham Carter), to help with her family troubles. —Warner Bros. Pictures camera shot of feetfoot closeupfemale stockinged solesfemale stockinged feetpantyhose253 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Every Family Has Its Demons Genres Comedy Fantasy Horror Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for comic horror violence, sexual content, some drug use, language and smoking Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Michelle Pfeiffer heard about an adaptation of Dark Shadows (1966), she called up Tim Burton to ask him for a part in the movie, something she rarely does. Goofs When Maggie Evans arrives at Collinswood, her first conversation with Willie indicates that she has applied for the governess job under the name Victoria Winters. An earlier scene shows that she didn't invent the name until earlier that same day, on the train en route to Maine. Quotes Angelique Bouchard: I'm going to make an offer to you, Barnabas. My last. You can join me by my side and we can run Collinsport together as partners, and lovers... or I'll put you back in the box. Barnabas Collins: I have already prepared my counter-proposal. It reads thusly: You may strategically place your wonderful lips upon my posterior and kiss it repeatedly! Crazy credits The opening credits feature Victoria Winters en route to Collinwood, repeating her name to herself ("My name is Victoria Winters..."), while the prologue featured a shot of waves breaking onto a cliffshore. This is a reverse of the Dark Shadows (1966) opening, where the prologue featured Victoria Winters traveling and the title sequence was of the waves breaking upon seashore scree. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #20.137 (2012) Soundtracks Dark Shadows (Prologuea) Written and Performed by Danny Elfman User reviews576 Review Top review 6/10 A quirky story Based on all the previews, one would think that this was a remake of Love at First Bite - a fish-out-of-water comedy, with Barnabas coming to terms with 1972. These trailer scenes probably make up 80% of those jokes for the movie. It is not a comedy that the trailers would leave you to believe. Overall it is a quirky retelling of some of the elements from the original series. I did enjoy it for what it was. You do have to go in with the expectation that this is a Burton/Depp film. Johnny seems to play one character for Burton - pauses in his speech, some weird walking movements, and lots of hand waving. A little more of a darker side would have fit this film perfectly. While the rest of the cast does a good job (Michelle is great as a matriarch) the biggest problem I had is that characters appear when needed and then go away for long spells. I had almost forgotten that Victoria was a role she was off screen so much. Same with a few of the other supporting characters. Don't expect anything super serious or super funny. helpful•5 3 Sabalon May 26, 2012 FAQ12 What is "Dark Shadows" about? Is "Dark Shadows" based on a book? What is Barnabas' history? How did he become a vampire? Details Edit Release date May 10, 2012 (Australia) Countries of origin United States Australia United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Lời Nguyền Bóng Đêm Filming locations Trafalgar Castle School, Whitby, Ontario, Canada Production companies Warner Bros. Village Roadshow Pictures Infinitum Nihil See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $150,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $79,727,149 Opening weekend US & Canada $29,685,274 May 13, 2012 Gross worldwide $245,527,149 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 53 minutes Color Color Sound mix Datasat Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Halloween Parade Vol 1 Oct 22Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.