Das Boot (1981) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082096/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_77
Das Boot (1981) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Das Boot 19811981 2h 29m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 242K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,720 453 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:06 4 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureDramaThriller The claustrophobic world of a WWII German U-boat; boredom, filth and sheer terror.The claustrophobic world of a WWII German U-boat; boredom, filth and sheer terror.The claustrophobic world of a WWII German U-boat; boredom, filth and sheer terror. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 242K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,720 453 Director Wolfgang Petersen Writers Wolfgang Petersen Lothar G. Buchheim(based on the novel by) Stars Jürgen Prochnow Herbert Grönemeyer Klaus Wennemann Top credits Director Wolfgang Petersen Writers Wolfgang Petersen Lothar G. Buchheim(based on the novel by) Stars Jürgen Prochnow Herbert Grönemeyer Klaus Wennemann See production, box office & company info 543User reviews 119Critic reviews 86Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #77 Nominated for 6 Oscars 13 wins & 11 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 1:06 Das Boot Trailer 1:10 Das Boot: Blu-Ray Trailer 2:16 Das Boot: Directors Cut Video 29:18 Sneak Previews Season 4 Episode 23 Photos294 Top cast Edit Jürgen Prochnow Capt.-Lt. Henrich Lehmann-Willenbrock - Der Alteas Capt.-Lt. Henrich Lehmann-Willenbrock - Der Alte Herbert Grönemeyer Lt. Werner - Correspondentas Lt. Werner - Correspondent Klaus Wennemann Chief Engineer Fritz Grade - Der Leitende-Der LIas Chief Engineer Fritz Grade - Der Leitende-Der LI Hubertus Bengsch 1st Lieutenant - Number One-1WOas 1st Lieutenant - Number One-1WO Martin Semmelrogge 2nd Lieutenant - 2WOas 2nd Lieutenant - 2WO Bernd Tauber Kriechbaum - Chief Quartermaster-Navigatoras Kriechbaum - Chief Quartermaster-Navigator Erwin Leder Johannas Johann Martin May Ullmanas Ullman Heinz Hoenig Hinrichas Hinrich (as Heinz Hönig) Uwe Ochsenknecht Chief Bosunas Chief Bosun Claude-Oliver Rudolph Arioas Ario Jan Fedder Pilgrimas Pilgrim Ralf Richter Frenssenas Frenssen (as Ralph Richter) Joachim Bernhard Preacheras Preacher Oliver Stritzel Schwalleas Schwalle Konrad Becker Bockstiegelas Bockstiegel Lutz Schnell Dufteas Dufte Martin Hemme Brückenwillias Brückenwilli Director Wolfgang Petersen Writers Wolfgang Petersen Lothar G. Buchheim(based on the novel by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.8 Das Boot 8.3 Amadeus 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.2 Der Untergang 8.3 Lawrence of Arabia 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.3 Braveheart 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 Platoon 8.2 The Great Escape 8.5 C'era una volta il West 8.3 Aliens Storyline Edit It is 1942 and the German submarine fleet is heavily engaged in the so-called "Battle of the Atlantic" to harass and destroy British shipping. With better escorts of the destroyer class, however, German U-boats have begun to take heavy losses. "Das Boot" is the story of the crew of one such U-Boat, with the film examining how these submariners maintained their professionalism as soldiers and attempted to accomplish impossible missions, all the while attempting to understand and obey the ideology of the government under which they served. —Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> submarine moviesubmarineship's logsubmarine crewgerman navy314 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines This is the story of 42 raw recruits caught up in a war they didn't understand, and the Captain who must lead them in their struggle to survive. Genres Adventure Drama Thriller War Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The bulk of the film's $15 million budget was spent on constructing U-boats. Specifications for the original Type VII-C U-boat were found at the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry. The plans were taken to the original builder of the subs, who was commissioned to build a full-sized, sea-going replica, their first such assignment since the war ended. A second full-sized model was built for interior filming. Goofs In the depth charging after the torpedo run, the boat goes deeper and deeper until finally rivets start to 'pop'. In fact, the pressure hull of the Type VIIc boat was welded, not riveted. This was also one of the reasons the type was able to survive depths of 220 meters and beyond in the first place. Quotes Lt. Werner: Captain? Captain: I'm sorry. Lt. Werner: You think it's hopeless now? Captain: It's been 15 hours. He'll never do it. I'm sorry. Lt. Werner: They made us all train for this day. "To be fearless and proud and alone. To need no one, just sacrifice. All for the Fatherland." Oh God, all just empty words. It's not the way they said it was, is it? I just want someone to be with. The only thing I feel is afraid. Alternate versions The 5.1 remix for the 208 minute director's cut (for both the English and German dubs) contains entirely new sound effects in place of the sound effects from the original stereo mix. In addition to that, the original Columbia Pictures logo from 1981 featured in the opening is plastered with a silent version of the 1997 Columbia logo instead. The blu-ray release contains both the original 149 minute theatrical version and the 1997 director's cut on two separate discs, making this release the first time in the US since the VHS and Laserdisc days that the theatrical version has been made available. However, on the disc containing the theatrical version, despite being listed as a 5.1 remix on the case and the menu, it instead contains only the original stereo mix for both the German and English tracks. (in addition to restoring the original 1981 Columbia Pictures logo to the opening). Connections Edited from Battle of Britain (1969) Soundtracks La Paloma (uncredited) Written by Sebastian Iradier (as Sebastian de Yradier) and Michael Jary Performed by Rosita Serrano Published by Edition Cinema User reviews543 Review Top review 9/10 Recommended viewing War movies have been biases to one side or the other. This movie does not make hero's or enemies of the German U-boat sailors. Instead, it grips the viewer with realistic depictions of what it was like to be a U-boat sailor for the Gemans in WWII. It starts off with young (17 year old to 25 year old) who have been filled with propaganda about the war effort and glorious battle. After this young crew of immature sailors start to experience the true horrors of war, you can not only see, but experience with them the boredom, laughter, camaraderie, team work and death. In a world where you have no windows, where your ears have to be your eyes, where a cat and mouse game is played and the looser dies, these young men age 10 to 15 years It makes the viewer realize the horror of submarine warfare in WWII. The most realistic war movie I have ever seen. helpful•165 19 rr30re05 Jan 15, 2005 FAQ13 What does "Das Boot" translate to? What type of submarine is U-96? Why did Willenbrock leave the British sailors in the water? Why didn't he pick them up? Details Edit Release date September 17, 1981 (West Germany) Country of origin West Germany Official site Twin Brothers Language German Also known as 从海底出击 Filming locations North Sea near Heligoland Production companies Bavaria Film Twin Bros. Productions Radiant Film GmbH See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget DEM 32,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $11,487,676 Opening weekend US & Canada $26,994 Feb 14, 1982 Gross worldwide $11,487,676 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 29 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo(original release) Related news Paramount TV Studios Promotes Jenna Santoianni, Cheryl Bosnak, Erika Kirkwood, Erin Calhoun Nov 16Variety Film + TV ‘Fatal Attraction’ Series Ordered at Paramount Plus, Lizzy Caplan to Star Nov 11Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Das Boot (1981)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.