Das Leben der Anderen (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405094/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_57
Das Leben der Anderen (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Das Leben der Anderen 20062006 RR 2h 17m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 375K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,198 132 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics DramaMysteryThriller In 1984 East Berlin, an agent of the secret police, conducting surveillance on a writer and his lover, finds himself becoming increasingly absorbed by their lives.In 1984 East Berlin, an agent of the secret police, conducting surveillance on a writer and his lover, finds himself becoming increasingly absorbed by their lives.In 1984 East Berlin, an agent of the secret police, conducting surveillance on a writer and his lover, finds himself becoming increasingly absorbed by their lives. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 375K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,198 132 Director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Writer Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Stars Ulrich Mühe Martina Gedeck Sebastian Koch Top credits Director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Writer Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Stars Ulrich Mühe Martina Gedeck Sebastian Koch See production, box office & company info 539User reviews 228Critic reviews 89Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #57 Won 1 Oscar 80 wins & 38 nominations total Photos67 Top cast Edit Ulrich Mühe Hauptmann Gerd Wiesleras Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler Martina Gedeck Christa-Maria Sielandas Christa-Maria Sieland Sebastian Koch Georg Dreymanas Georg Dreyman Ulrich Tukur Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitzas Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz Thomas Thieme Minister Bruno Hempfas Minister Bruno Hempf Hans-Uwe Bauer Paul Hauseras Paul Hauser Volkmar Kleinert Albert Jerskaas Albert Jerska Matthias Brenner Karl Wallneras Karl Wallner Charly Hübner Udoas Udo Herbert Knaup Gregor Hessensteinas Gregor Hessenstein Bastian Trost Häftling 227as Häftling 227 Marie Gruber Frau Meinekeas Frau Meineke Volker Michalowski Schriftexperteas Schriftexperte (as Zack Volker Michalowski) Werner Daehn Einsatzleiter in Uniformas Einsatzleiter in Uniform Martin Brambach Einsatzleiter Meyeras Einsatzleiter Meyer Hubertus Hartmann Egon Schwalberas Egon Schwalber Thomas Arnold Nowackas Nowack Hinnerk Schönemann Unterleutnant Axel Stigleras Unterleutnant Axel Stigler Director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Writer Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Jagten 8.6 Cidade de Deus 8.5 Nuovo Cinema Paradiso 8.5 Intouchables 8.6 La vita è bella 8.5 The Pianist 8.4 Memento 8.5 American History X 8.2 Der Untergang 8.3 American Beauty 8.4 Oldeuboi 8.3 Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain Storyline Edit Gerd Wiesler is an officer with the Stasi, the East German secret police. The film begins in 1984 when Wiesler attends a play written by Georg Dreyman, who is considered by many to be the ultimate example of the loyal citizen. Wiesler has a gut feeling that Dreyman can't be as ideal as he seems, and believes surveillance is called for. The Minister of Culture agrees but only later does Wiesler learn that the Minister sees Dreyman as a rival and lusts after his partner Christa-Maria. The more time he spends listening in on them, the more he comes to care about them. The once rigid Stasi officer begins to intervene in their lives, in a positive way, protecting them whenever possible. Eventually, Wiesler's activities catch up to him and while there is no proof of wrongdoing, he finds himself in menial jobs - until the unbelievable happens. —garykmcd stasi1980sspypolitical thrillerberlin wall207 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Before the Fall of the Berlin Wall, East Germany's Secret Police Listened to Your Secrets Genres Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some sexuality/nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The punchline of the joke that Grubitz tells in the cafeteria, about there being no difference between Honecker and a telephone, is a play on the words 'aufhängen' and 'neuwählen'. In terms of a telephone it means hang up and redial, respectively. In terms of politics it means hang somebody and elect someone new. Goofs When Dreyman is playing the sonata that Jerska gave him, he looks only at his fingers, and never at the music that's on the stand, even though he's playing it for the first time. Quotes [last lines] Buchverkäufer: 29.80. Would you like it gift wrapped? Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: No. It's for me. Alternate versions The US version features a written prologue in English, explaining the historical context of the film. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Best Films of 2006 (2006) Soundtracks Ich Wurde Wenn Ich Wusste, Dass Ich Konnte Performed by 4PS Lyrics By Kurt Demmler Music By Joachim-Franz Bartzsch Published By Edition Air Franz (P) 2007 Colosseum Music Entertainment GmbH, Licensed From Sony BMG Music Entertainment (Germany) GmbH User reviews539 Review Top review 10/10 The ghost of authoritarian regimes I've been taking German lessons for about 2 months now, and since movies were great in helping me learn English language I'm always looking for German films to watch (as well as German music to listen to) in order to educate my ears. Anyway, I went to this place where I get all sort of rare movies and this one caught my attention... and I had no idea it got the Oscar for foreign language film this year! So I watched it without prejudice and... what did I find? A MASTERPIECE! This is the kind of movie that gets your attention from the first moment, and makes you interested in understanding the characters' psyche, which is very varied: you have the idealistic good guys, the idealistic bad guys, the people that broad their minds understanding that no political dogma is better than individual freedom, etc. And even though the movie has very tough moments it is all so well done and presented with such a good taste that in the end you feel some sort of relieved. In this present day, when the ghost of authoritarian regimes still fly over our heads (in my country we're getting closer and closer to that reality), this movie will make you think about how important love, life and freedom are. A must see! helpful•157 19 Hprog Mar 11, 2007 FAQ6 Is this movie based on a book? I do not understand the "telephone joke" that Grubitz tells in the MfS cafeteria How does Dreyman know when he sees the red thumb print on his file that Wiesler saved him? Details Edit Release date March 23, 2006 (Germany) Countries of origin Germany France Official site Official site (United States) Language German Also known as 窃听风暴 Filming locations Gedenkstätte Hohenschönhausen, Hohenschönhausen, Berlin, Germany Production companies Wiedemann & Berg Filmproduktion Bayerischer Rundfunk (BR) ARTE See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $11,286,112 Opening weekend US & Canada $223,000 Feb 11, 2007 Gross worldwide $77,356,942 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 17 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘I’m Your Man’ Bets On Platform Release, Strong Word Of Mouth For German Int. Oscar Entry; ‘Man In The Field’ Highlights Artist Jim Denevan – Specialty Preview Sep 24Deadline Film + TV Germany Selects Maria Schrader’s ‘I’m Your Man’ As Its International Oscar Entry Sep 15Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Das Leben der Anderen (2006) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.