De slag om de Schelde (2020) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt10521092/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_88
De slag om de Schelde (2020) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In De slag om de Schelde 20202020 TV-MATV-MA 2h 4m IMDb RATING 7.1/10 18K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 88 29 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:56 2 Videos 68 Photos DramaWar 1944, the Second World War. A British glider pilot, a Dutch boy fighting on the German side and a Dutch female resistance member all end up involved in the Battle of the Schelde. Their choic... Read all1944, the Second World War. A British glider pilot, a Dutch boy fighting on the German side and a Dutch female resistance member all end up involved in the Battle of the Schelde. Their choices differ, but their goal is the same: freedom.1944, the Second World War. A British glider pilot, a Dutch boy fighting on the German side and a Dutch female resistance member all end up involved in the Battle of the Schelde. Their choices differ, but their goal is the same: freedom. IMDb RATING 7.1/10 18K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 88 29 Director Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. Writers Paula van der Oest(screenplay) Jesse Maiman(story by) Pauline van Mantgem Stars Gijs Blom Jamie Flatters Susan Radder Top credits Director Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. Writers Paula van der Oest(screenplay) Jesse Maiman(story by) Pauline van Mantgem Stars Gijs Blom Jamie Flatters Susan Radder See production, box office & company info 191User reviews 30Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Awards 6 wins & 4 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:56 Official Trailer Clip 2:15 DE SLAG OM DE SCHELDE - Official Dutch Trailer - Dutch Subs Photos68 Top cast Edit Gijs Blom Marinus van Staverenas Marinus van Staveren Jamie Flatters William Sinclairas William Sinclair Susan Radder Teuntje Visseras Teuntje Visser Jan Bijvoet Doctor Visseras Doctor Visser Tom Felton Tony Turneras Tony Turner Coen Bril Henk Schneijderas Henk Schneijder Theo Barklem-Biggs Johnas John Scott Reid Nigelas Nigel Marthe Schneider Jannaas Janna Ronald Kalter Dirk Visseras Dirk Visser Hajo Bruins Mayor Oostveenas Mayor Oostveen Justus von Dohnányi Oberst Berghofas Oberst Berghof Joep Paddenburg Lucasas Lucas Mark van Eeuwen Pim den Oeveras Pim den Oever Vincent van den Berg Jobse Brother 1as Jobse Brother 1 Sytse Faber Jobse Brother 2as Jobse Brother 2 Rutger de Bekker Bakeras Baker Bianca Krijgsman Rietas Riet Director Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. Writers Paula van der Oest(screenplay) (story by) Jesse Maiman(story by) Pauline van Mantgem All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.9 I onde dager 6.4 Army of Thieves 7.2 The Siege of Jadotville 6.6 Operation Finale 7.0 Ferry 6.6 The Harder They Fall 5.1 Company of Heroes 7.3 The King 7.0 Oorlogswinter 7.0 Finch 7.4 Darkest Hour 7.0 De Oost Storyline Edit September 1944. The Allies have captured the port of Antwerp but the Germans still control the Scheldt estuary, preventing supplies reaching Antwerp and the Allied forces. Walcheren Island is key to the German's defence. Operation Market Garden is launched, hoping to penetrate directly into Germany via Arnhem in Holland. A glider from this operation is forced to crash land on Walcheren, leaving a handful of British troops trapped behind enemy lines. Meanwhile a Dutch teenager accidentally kills three Germans, causing a tragic chain of events. On the German staff is a Dutch soldier who now starts to question where his loyalties lie. —grantss world war twosoldierforgotten historybased on true storyboy97 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Three young people in the middle of a war. Their choices differ, their goal is the same: freedom. Genres Drama War Certificate TV-MA Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Filming the battle scenes in the Netherlands turned out to be near-impossible due to all kinds of environmental issues (certain wild animal populations that couldn't be disturbed, no permission for explosive effects, etc.). Another problem was that modern windmills had been placed around the original site of the titular battle, and money spent on digitally removing them would be better spent on adding planes or destroyed villages. The problem was solved by going to Lithuania, which offers tax benefits for movie productions. A piece of unused farmland was rented there from a farmer, who told production that they could do with it as they pleased. An entire dam was built there specifically for the battle scene. Goofs When the Friedrich Fischer introduces himself to Marinus in the hospital he states his rank is Oberleutnant ((first) Lieutenant) while wearing an SS uniform with the shoulder patches of the rank SS-Scharführer (NCO) and arm patch of the rank SS-Sturmmann (Enlisted). The rank of Oberleutnant only existed within the Heer (Army) and the SS equivalent would be SS-Obersturmführer. Quotes Tony Turner: We're not giving ourselves up. If we do that, we're as good as dead. I'd rather drown. John: That's easy for you to say, you're going to die anyway. Tony Turner: Maybe, John. But not today. Connections Referenced in Heinz 1945 (2021) User reviews191 Review Top review 9/10 The Forgotten Battle shows the horrors of war perfectly and is overall a great war film with stunning visuals, but the pacing could have been better The Forgotten Battle is a World War II film directed by Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. And written by Paula van der Oest. The film follows a British glider pilot, a Dutch boy fighting on the German side and a Dutch female resistance member who all end up involved in the Battle of the Scheldt that was fought in 1944. Their choices differ, but their goal is the same: freedom. We get to see the battle through these three perspectives, this storytelling is similar to what Christopher Nolan did with Dunkirk. But the similarities kind of ends there, the screenplay is flawed but it's mostly quite great. Where the film succeeds is the cinematography and direction, it's visually a very pleasing movie. It shows how it's become one of the most expensive Dutch films. I thought the film would focus mainly on the battle but I was wrong, it's about the people that the battle and war is affecting, a more human story which I'm totally behind. So it's more character driven than action heavy, but it's of course a war movie and that's shown brilliantly with imagery you'll continue to remember. But with it being focused on three perspectives, the pacing gets worse and it makes the film feel dragged out, story especially as events take too long of a time to build up. Maybe a shorter run time would have helped the film or a different screenplay that focused on mainly two perspectives, the Allies and Axis. But I'll admit that the story arc regarding Teuntje Visser is worthy to be told as it goes hand in hand with Marinus van Staveren's own character arc which is probably the film's best. The acting in this film was terrific and full of emotion and authenticity. The cast has Gijs Blom as Marinus van Staveren, Jamie Flatters as William Sinclair, Susan Radder as Teuntje Visser and Tom Felton as Tony Turner. Felton being the only actor I recognized who was great in this, but the unknown cast is because how it's a Dutch production which makes The Forgotten Battle even more authentic. I can only give praise to the cast's performances, from the leads to supporting cast to guest stars. Everyone did a terrific job. Though I did say the script was kind of flawed, there's no lie that Paula van der Oest can write characters and dialogue well. It's where the script is positive, the ability to humanize the German soldiers which often become black and white. With help of the director and actors, the characters are superbly done. The sound design and musical score is brilliant. An average Dutch feature film at the time contained about 500-600 separate audio tracks, while this film has well over 1700. It says something about the production, and some sounds were even arranged by Charles Maynes who did the sound for Clint Eastwood's WW2 film, Letters from Iwo Jima. It's truly award worthy work. Something else that was great is of course the makeup and costume department. The sets, production and art design. Honestly the whole production is impressive. What made me truly love the film was the final 30 minutes or so when all the build up comes together and the big battle is shown, it's everything a battle on this grand scale should be. Chaotic, immersive, engaging and simply just real. It was filmed and edited similarly to the D-Day sequence in Saving Private Ryan which made us feel that we were in the character's shoes in the battle and I felt the same way in this sequence, honestly the entire movie. The Forgotten Battle isn't meant to romanize war, it shows the horrors of war on all three sides. The Allies, Axis and civilians. It does it perfectly. If it would have shown more of the battle, locations and such, and had a better script and pacing, I would have found the film to be brilliant. With the beautiful cinematography and everything on the technical side being top notch, I can only say that it's great. Solid 9/10 but not a masterpiece. helpful•43 8 Holt344 Oct 15, 2021 Details Edit Release date June 5, 2021 (Netherlands) Countries of origin Netherlands Lithuania Belgium Official sites Official Netflix Production Company Languages Dutch German English Also known as The Forgotten Battle Filming locations Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands Production companies Levitate Film Caviar Films Evangelische Omroep (EO) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €14,000,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $6,000,546 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 4 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘Dead & Beautiful’ Review: Rich Kids Become Bloodsuckers in a Glossy Horror Set in Taipei Nov 4Variety Film + TV A Cheaper ‘Free Guy’ Tops VOD Charts as ‘Copshop’ Crushes ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Oct 19Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to De slag om de Schelde (2020) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.