Dead Poets Society (1989) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097165/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Dead Poets Society (1989) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dead Poets Society 19891989 PGPG 2h 8m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 453K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 626 265 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play full episode3:06 Head Back to School With These Classic Movies and TV Shows 8 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDrama Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression.Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression.Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 453K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 626 265 Director Peter Weir Writer Tom Schulman Stars Robin Williams Robert Sean Leonard Ethan Hawke Top credits Director Peter Weir Writer Tom Schulman Stars Robin Williams Robert Sean Leonard Ethan Hawke See production, box office & company info 715User reviews 114Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #211 Won 1 Oscar 20 wins & 19 nominations total Videos8 Clip 1:48 What to Watch When You Need a Good Cry Clip 2:25 What to Watch When You Need a Good Cry Clip 1:36 'Dead Poets Society' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 1:17 Dead Poets Society: Blu-Ray Clip 1:26 Dead Poets Society: Blu-Ray Clip 1:48 Dead Poets Society: Blu-Ray Full Episode 3:06 Head Back to School With These Classic Movies and TV Shows Video 1:51 When You Need a Good Cry Photos106 Top cast Edit Robin Williams John Keatingas John Keating Robert Sean Leonard Neil Perryas Neil Perry Ethan Hawke Todd Andersonas Todd Anderson Josh Charles Knox Overstreetas Knox Overstreet Gale Hansen Charlie Daltonas Charlie Dalton Dylan Kussman Richard Cameronas Richard Cameron Allelon Ruggiero Steven Meeksas Steven Meeks James Waterston Gerard Pittsas Gerard Pitts Norman Lloyd Mr. Nolanas Mr. Nolan Kurtwood Smith Mr. Perryas Mr. Perry Carla Belver Mrs. Perryas Mrs. Perry Leon Pownall McAllisteras McAllister George Martin Dr. Hageras Dr. Hager Joe Aufiery Chemistry Teacheras Chemistry Teacher Matt Carey Hopkinsas Hopkins Kevin Cooney Joe Danburryas Joe Danburry Jane Moore Mrs. Danburryas Mrs. Danburry Lara Flynn Boyle Ginny Danburryas Ginny Danburry (scenes deleted) Director Peter Weir Writer Tom Schulman All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.1 The Truman Show 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.1 Into the Wild 8.3 Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain 8.6 Dead Poets Society 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.5 Intouchables 8.3 American Beauty 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.1 The Big Lebowski 8.1 The Sixth Sense Storyline Edit Painfully shy Todd Anderson has been sent to the school where his popular older brother was valedictorian. His roommate, Neil Perry, although exceedingly bright and popular, is very much under the thumb of his overbearing father. The two, along with their other friends, meet Professor Keating, their new English teacher, who tells them of the Dead Poets Society, and encourages them to go against the status quo. Each does so in his own way, and is changed for life. —Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au> professoreducationsuicideenglish teacherpoet100 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines He was their inspiration. He made their lives extraordinary. Genres Comedy Drama Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia To help his young leads bond, director Peter Weir had them all room together. Goofs The desk set given to Todd is packaged in shrink-wrap, invented in the 1970s. Quotes McAllister: "Show me the heart unfettered by foolish dreams and I'll show you a happy man." John Keating: "But only in their dreams can men be truly free. 'Twas always thus, and always thus will be." McAllister: Tennyson? John Keating: No, Keating. Alternate versions TV version shown on USA Network (and released on laserdisc) includes 14 minutes of extra footage not included in the original theatrical release. Connections Edited into Everything Wrong with...: Everything Wrong with Battle Los Angeles in 18 Minutes or Less (2017) Soundtracks 'Water Music': Suite III in D 'Allegro' Music by George Frideric Handel Performed by Stuttgarter Kammerorchester (as The Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra) Conducted by Karl Münchinger Courtesy of London Records A Division of PolyGram Classics User reviews715 Review Top review 9/10 The 9/10 movie I'll never watch again. Personal Rating: 9/10 This movie shattered me. There's the expression that something "tugs at your heartstrings," well this movie ripped mine out. I'll be honest, I could find things to critique about this film, the instance of a scene that was used twice and felt sloppy perhaps; but this movie never claimed to be perfect, just to be emotionally moving, and that it certainly is. This review is written by a boy who also finds himself on the edge of adolescence and adulthood, does that mean I'm biased, absolutely, but everyone who watches this film is, everyone can relate. Your feelings I can assure you will be the same as mine when the credits start rolling, rolling like the tears down your cheeks. This movie makes you think. Conformity is easy, conformity is comfortable, conformity gets you good grades, trust me you're listening right now to a past perfect GPA teacher's pet. The thing conformity doesn't give you though, is a life, one worth living. For something to be beautiful it must also have a side of danger, and that's what freedom of thought is, as is mentioned in the movie "we must constantly look at things in a different way," and that's beautiful! Yes, it means at times we don't agree, yes it means you might give this movie a 4/10 but I'll be damned if that changes my opinion of it. The themes this movie explores such as, never letting a moment slip by where you don't think for yourself, where you don't seize an opportunity, it does so beautifully. Robin Williams was not acting he was believing, everything in this movie comes across as genuine, a slice of reality, a harsh but beautiful one at that. Will I watch this movie again, I don't think so. But please, please watch it just once, you won't ever regret it. Carpe Diem. helpful•26 1 Sethtro Jun 17, 2020 FAQ1 when does this story take place? Details Edit Release date June 9, 1989 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English Latin Also known as 死亡诗社 Filming locations St. Andrew's School - 350 Noxontown Road, Middletown, Delaware, USA Production companies Touchstone Pictures Silver Screen Partners IV A Steven Haft Production See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $16,400,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $95,860,116 Opening weekend US & Canada $340,456 Jun 4, 1989 Gross worldwide $235,860,116 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 8 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Eugenio Derbez (‘Coda’) on taking inspiration from ‘Dead Poets Society,’ ‘Whiplash’ for teacher character [Exclusive Video Interview] Nov 9Gold Derby Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Dead Poets Society (1989) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.