Der Untergang (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0363163?ref_=rlm
Der Untergang (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Der Untergang 20042004 RR 2h 36m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 343K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,278 336 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics BiographyDramaHistory Traudl Junge, the final secretary for Adolf Hitler, tells of the Nazi dictator's final days in his Berlin bunker at the end of WWII.Traudl Junge, the final secretary for Adolf Hitler, tells of the Nazi dictator's final days in his Berlin bunker at the end of WWII.Traudl Junge, the final secretary for Adolf Hitler, tells of the Nazi dictator's final days in his Berlin bunker at the end of WWII. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 343K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,278 336 Director Oliver Hirschbiegel Writers Bernd Eichinger Joachim Fest(based on the book "Der Untergang: Hitler und das Ende des Dritten Reiches" by) Traudl Junge(based on the book "Bis zur letzten Stunde" by) Stars Bruno Ganz Alexandra Maria Lara Ulrich Matthes Top credits Director Oliver Hirschbiegel Writers Bernd Eichinger Joachim Fest(based on the book "Der Untergang: Hitler und das Ende des Dritten Reiches" by) Traudl Junge(based on the book "Bis zur letzten Stunde" by) Stars Bruno Ganz Alexandra Maria Lara Ulrich Matthes See production, box office & company info 665User reviews 115Critic reviews 82Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #133 Nominated for 1 Oscar 22 wins & 34 nominations total Photos312 Top cast Edit Bruno Ganz Adolf Hitleras Adolf Hitler Alexandra Maria Lara Traudl Jungeas Traudl Junge Ulrich Matthes Joseph Goebbelsas Joseph Goebbels Juliane Köhler Eva Braunas Eva Braun Corinna Harfouch Magda Goebbelsas Magda Goebbels Heino Ferch Albert Speeras Albert Speer Christian Berkel Prof. Ernst-Günther Schenckas Prof. Ernst-Günther Schenck Matthias Habich Prof. Werner Haaseas Prof. Werner Haase Thomas Kretschmann Hermann Fegeleinas Hermann Fegelein Michael Mendl General Weidlingas General Weidling André Hennicke General Mohnkeas General Mohnke Ulrich Noethen Heinrich Himmleras Heinrich Himmler Birgit Minichmayr Gerda Christianas Gerda Christian Rolf Kanies General Hans Krebsas General Hans Krebs Justus von Dohnányi General Wilhelm Burgdorfas General Wilhelm Burgdorf (as Justus von Dohnanyi) Dieter Mann Feldmarschall Wilhelm Keitelas Feldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel Christian Redl General Alfred Jodlas General Alfred Jodl Götz Otto Otto Günscheas Otto Günsche Director Oliver Hirschbiegel Writers Bernd Eichinger Joachim Fest(based on the book "Der Untergang: Hitler und das Ende des Dritten Reiches" by) Traudl Junge(based on the book "Bis zur letzten Stunde" by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Das Boot 8.4 Das Leben der Anderen 8.1 Hotel Rwanda 8.2 Die Hard 8.2 El secreto de sus ojos 8.5 The Pianist 8.4 Capharnaüm 8.2 Monty Python and the Holy Grail 8.2 There Will Be Blood 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.6 La vita è bella Storyline Edit Charting the last 10 days of Hitler's life, from his 56th birthday on April 20th, 1945 to his suicide on April 30th, Downfall uses multiple characters to show the chaos of a country coming apart at the seams, from Hitler's henchman under the streets of Berlin, to the soldiers and civilians fighting and dying as the Soviet Army ravaged the city above. Nominated for an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film in 2005. hitlerbunkerthird reichadolf hitlernazi433 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines April 1945, a nation awaits its... Genres Biography Drama History War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence, disturbing images and some nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Bruno Ganz studied Parkinson's disease patients in a Swiss hospital to prepare for his role as Adolf Hitler. Goofs In the film, Hermann Fegelein is shown as being arrested, dragged outside and summarily shot. In fact, Fegelein was arrested and kept in a cell for at least three days in the Führerbunker before Hitler ordered him stripped of rank and to be subjected to court martial, during which he was so drunk he vomited and urinated on the floor. It was only after the court martial that he was shot. Quotes Adolf Hitler: That was an order! Steiner's assault was an order! Who do you think you are to dare disobey an order I give? So this is what it has come to! The military has been lying to me. Everybody has been lying to me, even the SS! Our generals are just a bunch of contemptible, disloyal cowards. General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: I can't permit you to insult the soldiers. Adolf Hitler: They are cowards, traitors and failures! General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: My fuhrer, this is outrageous! Adolf Hitler: Our generals are the scum of the German people! Not a shred of honour! They call themselves generals. Years at military academy just to learn how to hold a knife and fork! For years, the military has hindered my plans! They've put every kind of obstacle in my way! What I should have done... was liquidate all the high-ranking officers, as Stalin did! Crazy credits After the final credits there is a statement by the real Traudl Jung about her feelings of guilt and responsibility. In the British Cinema release, this is moved to before the credits. Alternate versions Extended version includes 22 minutes of additional footage. Connections Edited from Im toten Winkel - Hitlers Sekretärin (2002) Soundtracks When I Am Laid In Earth from "Dido and Aeneas" Composed by Henry Purcell (1659-1695) Arranged by Horst Liebenau and Stephan Zacharias User reviews665 Review Top review 10/10 The Most Impressive, Depressive and Realistic Dramatic Movie about the World War II "Der Untergang" is certainly the most impressive, depressive and realistic dramatic movie about the World War II ever made. I have never seen a film picturing the insanity of Hitler in his very last days in a bunker in Berlin with his high command, and how the German people were hypnotized by him like in this film. Last year, I saw the deceptive, boring, pretentious and overrated "Molokh", showing a caricature of Hitler and Eva Braun in Bavaria. But "Der Untergang" is awesome and comparable to "Apocalypse Now!", my favorite movie of war. Two years ago, I saw the powerful "Das Experiment" and I was impressed with the work of Oliver Hirschbiegel. With "Der Untergang", this director is certainly included in my list of favorite directors. It is difficult to highlight one actor or actress in this constellation of stars, but I was impressed with the performance of Bruno Ganz and his "human" Hitler, totally different from the stereotypes usual in other movies. The cinematography and the battles are stunning, and the scenario of Berlin completely destroyed recalled the neo-realistic movie of Roberto Rossellini "Germania Anno Zero". For those who know Germany and German people, it is amazing to see how this wonderful country survived to the chaos, destruction and lack of command, arrived from the ashes like Phoenix and sixty years later is again one of the greatest nations. For those who might have believed in Hitler and his Nazi Party, it is impressive to see how people is forgotten and treated without compassion by their leader in his last hours. And for those who love war, I really recommend to watch this magnificent anti-war movie, and see the behavior of the leaders and population when a war is lost. My vote is ten. Title (Brazil): "A Queda! As Últimas Horas de Hitler" ("The Fall! The Last Hours of Hitler") helpful•272 25 claudio_carvalho Jan 19, 2006 FAQ5 Is 'Downfall' based on a book? Was Hitler as short as Bruno Ganz, the actor who played him? Who is in the portrait that Hitler is sitting alone and looking at when his secretary enters his room? Details Edit Release date September 16, 2004 (Germany) Countries of origin Germany Austria Italy Official site Official site (United States) Languages German Russian French English Also known as 帝国的毁灭 Filming locations St. Petersburg, Russia Production companies Constantin Film Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €13,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $5,509,040 Opening weekend US & Canada $18,195 Feb 20, 2005 Gross worldwide $92,181,574 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 36 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Spencer review – portrait of a princess on the edge Nov 7The Guardian - Film News WGA Tells Members To Stop Working For Constantin Film “Effective Immediately” Oct 30Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Der Untergang (2004) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.