Dersu Uzala (1975) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071411/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_150
Dersu Uzala (1975) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dersu Uzala 19751975 GG 2h 22m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 26K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:28 1 Video 99+ Photos AdventureBiographyDrama The Russian army sends an explorer on an expedition to the snowy Siberian wilderness where he makes friends with a seasoned local hunter.The Russian army sends an explorer on an expedition to the snowy Siberian wilderness where he makes friends with a seasoned local hunter.The Russian army sends an explorer on an expedition to the snowy Siberian wilderness where he makes friends with a seasoned local hunter. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 26K YOUR RATING Rate Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Akira Kurosawa(screenplay) Yuriy Nagibin(screenplay) Vladimir Arsenev(novel "Dersu, okhotnik") Stars Maksim Munzuk Yuriy Solomin Mikhail Bychkov Top credits Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Akira Kurosawa(screenplay) Yuriy Nagibin(screenplay) Vladimir Arsenev(novel "Dersu, okhotnik") Stars Maksim Munzuk Yuriy Solomin Mikhail Bychkov See production, box office & company info 101User reviews 54Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #150 Won 1 Oscar 8 wins & 2 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 2:28 Dersu Uzala Photos138 Top cast Edit Maksim Munzuk Dersu Uzalaas Dersu Uzala Yuriy Solomin Arsenevas Arsenev Mikhail Bychkov Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva Vladimir Khrulyov Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva V. Lastochkin Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva Stanislav Marin Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva (as S. Marin) Igor Sykhra Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva (as I. Sykhra) Vladimir Sergiyakov Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva (as V. Sergiyakov) Yanis Yakobsons Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva (as Ya. Yakobsons) Vladimir Khlestov Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva (as V. Khlestov) G. Polunin Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva V. Koldin Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva M. Tetov Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva S. Sinyavskiy Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva Vladimir Sverba Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva (as V. Sverba) V. Ignatov Otryad Arsenevaas Otryad Arseneva Vladimir Kremena Turtyginas Turtygin (as V. Kremena) Aleksandr Pyatkov Olenevas Olenev (as A. Pyatkov) Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Akira Kurosawa(screenplay) Yuriy Nagibin(screenplay) Vladimir Arsenev(novel "Dersu, okhotnik") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Akahige 7.7 Pyat vecherov 7.2 Le Crabe-Tambour 8.2 Z 6.8 Le temps retrouvé, d'après l'oeuvre de Marcel Proust 7.4 Dodesukaden 6.7 Madame Bovary 8.0 Kagemusha 8.1 Chikamatsu monogatari 8.4 Sanshô dayû 7.3 Mâdadayo 8.1 Kakushi-toride no san-akunin Storyline Edit A Russian army explorer who is rescued in Siberia by a rugged Asian hunter renews his friendship with the woodsman years later when he returns as the head of a larger expedition. The hunter finds that all of his nature lore is of no help when he accompanies the explorer back to civilization. —Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> explorerforestwildernesswilderness survivalsiberia russia58 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines There is man and beast at nature's mercy. There is awe and love and reverence. And there is the man called... Genres Adventure Biography Drama Certificate G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Akira Kurosawa had hoped to make this film as early as in the 1950's, but he had trouble adapting the story to a Japanese setting, never thinking that one day he would actually be able to film it on location in Russia, and with Russian actors. Goofs When Dersu and Arsenev are looking at the 3/4 moon and the setting sun, the moon is in the wrong phase to appear in the sky at the same time as the sun. Quotes Dersu Uzala: How can people live in a box? Connections Featured in WatchMojo: Top 10 Akira Kurosawa Movies (2014) User reviews101 Review Top review 10/10 a tribute to the endurance of man and nature, featuring a masterpiece of a performance For a variety of reasons (that are well known in the darker period of the director's history at this time), Akira Kurosawa left Japan to make a film in Russia (Siberia to be exact). Instead of an epic action picture, he went to one of his other passions as a storyteller- the drama of pure humanity (like Ikiru and Red Beard, this film follows in that vein). The film runs two hours and twenty minutes, but it is a kind of epic story, that does have that pulse of adventure from his other films. But this time he combines that method of a big, spacious environment in the wild with a deep character study. His craftsmanship as a 'painter' of the frame is top-notch as always (all pretensions aside, he is one of the masters at finding the textures and moods in a scene's look as in its character and action), and the use of locations brings a quality that directors today would brush aside with via special and visual effects. Simply put, it is one of, if not the, ultimate testaments to man vs/with nature, with a character that remains one of the most memorable that Kurosawa's envisioned. To give an idea of who Dersu Uzala is to someone who hasn't seen the film, picture Yoda without the ability to lift objects with his mind and to kick ass with a light-saber, but still contains all of the direct wisdom and strength that make him one with his surroundings (and, as well, uses his own kind of 'force' for knowledge and defense, and for attack as an ultimately final resort). As a lonesome hunter and drifter with a family tragically lost, Dersu comes upon a team of explorers led by Captain Aseniev (Yuri Solomon, not the best performance but sturdy enough to sustain the physical scenes). He goes along with them as a guide of the sights and smells and feelings that the others just can't sense (out of lack of experience). Aseniev and Dersu end up becoming friends as they brace a torrid windstorm over a bare, wintry landscape, as Kurosawa brings out one of his towering sequences (topping anything David Lean could've drummed up for sure). It's always of interest to me to see characters doing things on screen, having to go against the elements that almost dwarf them in the face of nature (i.e. Cast Away's hour and a half second act). Dersu Uzala seems to be of few words and mostly actions, and soon gains respect and admiration after an odd introduction to the team- he shoots with a keener than keen eye, he spots tracks, he sets up protection in the harshest of conditions, and is always a step ahead of the pack. And bringing all this out is actor Maksim Munzuk, who appears here (like Falconetti in Passion of Joan of Arc) in the performance of a lifetime out of an otherwise obscure and small career. Munzuk never brings anything to Dersu that isn't in his character, and he makes at least a quarter of the film's success a reality (the other three-quarters could be attributed to Kurosawa alone). He can be tough, smart, funny (in an off-beat way), and if nothing else, humble. But more than anything, Munzuk makes Dersu seem alive in a way no other actor could've accomplished, and also brings out the better in Solomon's performance. The story itself has a superb appeal most of the way, but it is in it's last act that 'Derzu Uzala' reaches an intensely tragic plane. Dersu does something (which I won't reveal here and has been discussed elsewhere on the message board) that brings great shame to his own self-worth. In this part of the film, Kurosawa brings out what can be said to be some of the saddest moments in any of his work, however not without logic. While it was likely a major dramatic function in the novel, Kurosawa doesn't just throw these last twenty minutes or so to let steam flow out of the picture. I sensed something almost cathartic about these scenes, that rose the qualities of the rest of the story to a higher level, to one of almost spiritual in nature. It's hard to really pin-point to one who has not seen the film (and, indeed, I have seen the film all of one time). But once its over, you may feel you have seen a work far more rewarding than imaginable- even in awe. helpful•54 5 Quinoa1984 Feb 20, 2005 FAQ1 Is this a real story? Details Edit Release date August 2, 1975 (Japan) Countries of origin Soviet Union Japan Official site Mosfilm (Russia) Languages Russian Chinese Also known as Uzala, der Kirgise Filming locations Primorsky Kray, Russia Production companies Atelier 41 Daiei Studios Mosfilm See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $4,000,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $14,480 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 22 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.20 : 1 Related news Hara Masato, Leading Japanese Film Producer, Dies at 89 Mar 29Variety Film + TV Thomas Vinterberg (‘Another Round’) joins starry roster of Best Director Oscar nominees for non-English language films Mar 18Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Dersu Uzala (1975) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.