Dial M for Murder (1954) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0046912/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_159
Dial M for Murder (1954) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dial M for Murder 19541954 PGPG 1h 45m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 168K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,365 1,047 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:34 2 Videos 96 Photos CrimeThriller A former tennis player tries to arrange his wife's murder after learning of her affair.A former tennis player tries to arrange his wife's murder after learning of her affair.A former tennis player tries to arrange his wife's murder after learning of her affair. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 168K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,365 1,047 Director Alfred Hitchcock Writer Frederick Knott(screen play by) Stars Ray Milland Grace Kelly Robert Cummings Top credits Director Alfred Hitchcock Writer Frederick Knott(screen play by) Stars Ray Milland Grace Kelly Robert Cummings See production, box office & company info 392User reviews 113Critic reviews 75Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #159 Awards 5 wins & 3 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:34 Dial M For Murder Clip 2:27 A Guide to the Films of Alfred Hitchcock Photos96 Top cast Edit Ray Milland Tony Wendiceas Tony Wendice Grace Kelly Margot Wendiceas Margot Wendice Robert Cummings Mark Hallidayas Mark Halliday John Williams Chief Inspector Hubbardas Chief Inspector Hubbard Anthony Dawson Charles Swannas Charles Swann Leo Britt The Storytelleras The Storyteller Patrick Allen Detective Pearsonas Detective Pearson George Leigh Detective Williamsas Detective Williams George Alderson First Detectiveas First Detective Robin Hughes Police Sergeant O'Brienas Police Sergeant O'Brien Richard Bender Banquet Memberas Banquet Member (uncredited) Robin Sanders Clark Detectiveas Detective (uncredited) Jack Cunningham Bobby Outside Flatas Bobby Outside Flat (uncredited) Robert Dobson Police Photographeras Police Photographer (uncredited) Guy Doleman Detectiveas Detective (uncredited) Bess Flowers Woman Departing Shipas Woman Departing Ship (uncredited) Robert Garvin Banquet Memberas Banquet Member (uncredited) Herschel Graham Banquet Memberas Banquet Member (uncredited) Director Alfred Hitchcock Writer Frederick Knott(screen play by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 Strangers on a Train 8.3 North by Northwest 8.0 Rope 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 Vertigo 8.1 Rebecca 7.7 The Birds 7.4 To Catch a Thief 7.4 The Man Who Knew Too Much 8.5 Psycho 7.8 Shadow of a Doubt 8.0 Notorious Storyline Edit In London, wealthy Margot Mary Wendice had a brief love affair with the American writer Mark Halliday while her husband and professional tennis player Tony Wendice was on a tennis tour. Tony quits playing to dedicate to his wife and finds a regular job. She decides to give him a second chance for their marriage. When Mark arrives from America to visit the couple, Margot tells him that she had destroyed all his letters but one that was stolen. Subsequently she was blackmailed, but she had never retrieved the stolen letter. Tony arrives home, claims that he needs to work and asks Margot to go with Mark to the theater. Meanwhile Tony calls Captain Lesgate (aka Charles Alexander Swann who studied with him at college) and blackmails him to murder his wife, so that he can inherit her fortune. But there is no perfect crime, and things do not work as planned. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil blackmailmurdertennis playerlove letterkey183 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Kiss By Kiss...Supreme Suspense Unfurls! Genres Crime Thriller Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Alfred Hitchcock had chosen a very expensive robe for Grace Kelly to wear when she answered the phone. Kelly balked and said that no woman would put on such a robe just to answer the ringing telephone while she was asleep alone; she would answer it in her nightgown. Hitchcock agreed to do it her way and liked the way the rushes turned out, and he allowed Kelly to make all costume decisions for herself in their subsequent movies together. Goofs (at around 24 mins) Wendice throws a £100 bundle on a pink armchair. The money falls right at the back of the seat. A few minutes later, Swann takes the money which is now right in front of the armchair. Quotes Tony Wendice: How do you go about writing a detective story? Mark Halliday: Well, you forget detection and concentrate on crime. Crime's the thing. And then you imagine you're going to steal something or murder somebody. Tony Wendice: Oh, is that how you do it? It's interesting. Mark Halliday: Yes, I usually put myself in the criminal's shoes and then I keep asking myself, uh, what do I do next? Margot Mary Wendice: Do you really believe in the perfect murder? Mark Halliday: Mmm, yes, absolutely. On paper, that is. And I think I could, uh, plan one better than most people; but I doubt if I could carry it out. Tony Wendice: Oh? Why not? Mark Halliday: Well, because in stories things usually turn out the way the author wants them to; and in real life they don't... always. Tony Wendice: Hmm. Mark Halliday: No, I'm afraid my murders would be something like my bridge: I'd make some stupid mistake and never realize it until I found everybody was looking at me. Crazy credits The title is shown on a background of a British telephone dial; its MNO marking is replaced by a single large M which forms the single M of the title. Alternate versions The film had an intermission in its original 3-D release, although it is less than two hours, in length. Connections Edited into Histoire(s) du cinéma: Le contrôle de l'univers (1999) User reviews392 Review Top review 7/10 M for masterful A treat for the eyes and exercise for the brain, "Dial M For Murder" is Hitchcock's second "drawing-room perfect murder" movie, after "Rope", the latter a darker and more sinister affair altogether. Hitchcock himself in interviews played down the quality of this movie, amongst other other things indicating that it was treated almost as a warm-up for the more ambitious "Rear Window" which immediately followed it in his career. However. it actually has a lot going for it, being beautifully shot in luminous colour, extremely well acted in almost every role and peppered throughout with those eye-catching and brain-satisfying flourishes which so distinguished the director from the rest. Yes, it is very set-bound, betraying its stage origins and likewise very talky, especially on exposition, but it keeps the viewer alert throughout and delivers a neatly satisfying conclusion. I do wish Hitchcock could have done better with his back-projection unit (an old-fashioned, jarring trait he still hadn't grown out of by "Marnie" some 10 years later) and I occasionally found the constant too frivolous background music an intrusion, but it's well paced throughout, helped considerably by an on-form cast. Ray Milland is excellent in a kind of darker Cary Grant type persona, Grace Kelly (who'd want to murder her?) goes convincingly from loveliness to wretchedness while it's pleasing to see Robert Cumming to the fore, recalled by Hitch for the first time in over a decade (since "Saboteur" in 1942). The actors playing the would be murderer and nosey police inspector are just fine too. About those flourishes..., perhaps the most famous being the changing spotlight on Grace Kelly's doomed face as her trial is condensed into just a few terse minutes and of course the murder scene itself, even if one can't imagine her extended stabbing gesture being strong enough to cut through Swann's jacket far less kill him stone dead, but I also enjoyed the raised tracking shot looking down on Milland as he explains his plot to Swann and particularly the parting shadows of lovers Cumming and Kelly at Milland's unexpected approach. Yes, it's old fashioned Hollywood movie-making, but it's old-fashioned Hollywood movie-making at its best and in my opinion an unjustly overlooked effort from the Master. helpful•33 5 Lejink Sep 4, 2010 FAQ11 What is 'Dial M for Murder' about? Is 'dial M for Murder' based on a book? Why dial "M"? Details Edit Release date May 29, 1954 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 电话谋杀案 Filming locations Stage 5, Warner Brothers Burbank Studios - 4000 Warner Boulevard, Burbank, California, USA Production company Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,400,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $12,562 Opening weekend US & Canada $12,562 Apr 11, 1999 Gross worldwide $18,924 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Ragdoll Trailer: Lucy Hale Leaves Teen Dramas Behind in AMC+ Serial Killer Drama Oct 7TVfanatic Annika review – Nicola Walker as a maritime murder cop is sure to reel you in Aug 17The Guardian - TV News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Dial M for Murder (1954)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.