Die Hard (1988) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095016/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_130
Die Hard (1988) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Die Hard 19881988 RR 2h 12m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 826K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 310 142 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:28 14 Videos 99+ Photos ActionThriller An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 826K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 310 142 Director John McTiernan Writers Roderick Thorp(based on the novel by) Jeb Stuart(screenplay by) Steven E. de Souza(screenplay by) Stars Bruce Willis Alan Rickman Bonnie Bedelia Top credits Director John McTiernan Writers Roderick Thorp(based on the novel by) Jeb Stuart(screenplay by) Steven E. de Souza(screenplay by) Stars Bruce Willis Alan Rickman Bonnie Bedelia See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 215Critic reviews 72Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #130 Nominated for 4 Oscars 8 wins & 6 nominations total Videos14 Trailer 1:28 Trailer: 30th Anniversary Christmas Edition Trailer 0:31 Die Hard Trilogy Trailer 2:25 Die Hard Clip 1:33 Alphabet of Movies | A to Z Clip 3:51 Watch Like a Pro: Giancarlo Esposito's Ultimate Villain Watchlist Video 3:33 What's Your Favorite Scene From a Holiday Movie? Video 3:54 Giancarlo Esposito's Ultimate Villain Watchlist Video 4:49 The 'Hobbs & Shaw' Cast Reveals Its Watchlist Video 2:06 'Die Hard' Trailer Commentary With 'Happytime Murders' Private Detective Video 1:16 'Die Hard' Anniversary Mashup Video 2:26 Which Massive Stars Passed on 'Die Hard'? Video 1:25 What to Watch on 4/20 With the Cast of 'Super Troopers 2' Photos174 Top cast Edit Bruce Willis John McClaneas John McClane Alan Rickman Hans Gruberas Hans Gruber Bonnie Bedelia Holly Gennaro McClaneas Holly Gennaro McClane Reginald VelJohnson Sgt. Al Powellas Sgt. Al Powell Paul Gleason Dwayne T. Robinsonas Dwayne T. Robinson De'voreaux White Argyleas Argyle William Atherton Thornburgas Thornburg Hart Bochner Ellisas Ellis James Shigeta Takagias Takagi Alexander Godunov Karlas Karl Bruno Doyon Francoas Franco Andreas Wisniewski Tonyas Tony Clarence Gilyard Jr. Theoas Theo Joey Plewa Alexanderas Alexander Lorenzo Caccialanza Marcoas Marco Gérard Bonn Kristoffas Kristoff (as Gerard Bonn) Dennis Hayden Eddieas Eddie Al Leong Ulias Uli Director John McTiernan Writers Roderick Thorp(based on the novel by) Jeb Stuart(screenplay by) Steven E. de Souza(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 Die Hard 2 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 7.6 Die Hard: With a Vengeance 8.5 Terminator 2: Judgment Day 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.5 Back to the Future 8.1 The Sixth Sense 8.3 Aliens 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 8.4 Alien 8.3 Braveheart Storyline Edit NYPD cop John McClane goes on a Christmas vacation to visit his wife Holly in Los Angeles where she works for the Nakatomi Corporation. While they are at the Nakatomi headquarters for a Christmas party, a group of robbers led by Hans Gruber take control of the building and hold everyone hostage, with the exception of John, while they plan to perform a lucrative heist. Unable to escape and with no immediate police response, John is forced to take matters into his own hands. —Sam hostageone against manylos angeles californiachristmasheist467 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It will blow you through the back wall of the theater! Genres Action Thriller Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The fictional Nakatomi Plaza is the headquarters of 20th Century Fox. The company charged itself rent for the use of the then-unfinished building. Goofs There is no ambulance in the truck when the terrorists first arrive, but Theo drives an ambulance out of the truck near the end of the movie (error acknowledged by filmmakers). Quotes John McClane: [huddled in an air vent, recalls his wife's invitation] "Come out to the coast, we'll get together, have a few laughs..." Crazy credits In the widescreen version, the 20th Century Fox logo is stretched. Alternate versions The Ultimate edition DVD contains the following deleted/extended scenes: Extended power shutdown sequence. Extended opening flight scene. Brief dialogue in the first Hans/McClane confrontation. Extended scene where Robinson/Powell brief the FBI on the tower situation. Brief dialogue when Hans interrogates Takagi. Brief dialogue after Theo says "You didn't bring me along for my charming personality". Extended/alternate dialogue in McClane/Powell conversation after McClane uses the plastic explosives. Brief scene of FBI agents getting stuck in thorn bushes as they make their way towards the building. At the end, McClane says "You got a warranty for this (Holly's watch, a gift from Ellis)?" to which Holly laughs. Argyle's dialogue as Powell's police cruiser flies by in the background. Brief Ellis dialogue reacting to the terrorist intrusion. City engineer briefly coughs before pulling out the power cord. Brief dialogue in Hans/Karl argument about "neutralizing" McClane. Additional Holly dialogue after seeing Karl's reaction to McClane's escape. Connections Edited into Die Hard: With a Vengeance (1995) Soundtracks Singin' in the Rain Written by Arthur Freed and Nacio Herb Brown User reviews1K Review Top review 8/10 The ultimate action film. Die Hard tells the story of a New York City detective named John McClane who is separated from his wife. She invites him to a Christmas party at her office building in Los Angeles, and he decides to go to work things out. Once there, a group of German terrorists come in and take hostages with the intent of stealing millions of dollars in bonds. McClane manages to escape and begins to fight the terrorists one by one to save the people in the building. Die Hard is a classic film because it completely revolutionized action films. The 80s were a time of unrealistic action sequences, predictable characters, and rudimentary plots. Die Hard changed all that. Die Hard takes place in a real world setting, or at least about as real as you can get with an action movie, so the action sequences, while insane, are slightly believable. The plot of the movie is simple, yet it's so brilliant at the same time. And the characters in this movie are engaging and a lot of fun to watch. John McClane is a really likable everyman kind of guy, we can all relate to him. Hans Gruber is an awesome villain, both cold and ruthless, yet very human. The supporting characters on the outside of the building are all great as well. Another great thing about Die Hard is that even though it's a hardcore action movie, it manages to be extremely funny at some parts, almost to a point of being able to call it a comedy. This makes the movie really easy to watch over and over again. There's really nothing wrong with this movie whatsoever in any department. The acting is great. Bruce Willis is hilarious and hardcore as John McClane, and he portrays the adrenaline and the frustration of the situation very well. Alan Rickman is awesome in one of his earlier roles as the main villain Hans Gruber. Reginald VelJohnson is enjoyable as McClane's outside contact Officer Al Powell, and Paul Gleason is funny as a hardheaded and incompetent deputy chief of police. Overall, Die Hard is the ultimate action film because it's fast, funny, and hardcore. It also gave us one of the most famous action movie one liners of all time...You know the one. 8/10 helpful•16 3 theshadow908 Jun 28, 2007 FAQ23 What will it cost to repair all the damage to the building by the bad guys ? $600 million ? What exactly is the deal with Ellis? Why was he acting so strange? Why does McClane need to take a gun to L.A.? Details Edit Release date July 20, 1988 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English German Italian Japanese Also known as 虎胆龙威 Filming locations Fox Plaza - 2121 Avenue of the Stars, Century City, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Gordon Company Silver Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $28,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $83,844,093 Opening weekend US & Canada $601,851 Jul 17, 1988 Gross worldwide $141,603,197 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 12 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Ellen’: New Regency TV Thriller Adds Liz Caribel, Karan Gill, Craig Tate, Ty Olsson & Hart Bochner Nov 16Deadline Film + TV The 10 Best 1980s Movie Action Heroes Nov 14ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Die Hard (1988) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.