Disturbing Behavior (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0134619/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Disturbing Behavior (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Disturbing Behavior 19981998 RR 1h 24m IMDb RATING 5.6/10 22K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,118 1,617 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:17 1 Video 99+ Photos HorrorMysterySci-Fi The new kid in Cradle Bay, Washington stumbles across something sinister about the town's method of transforming its unruly teens into upstanding citizens.The new kid in Cradle Bay, Washington stumbles across something sinister about the town's method of transforming its unruly teens into upstanding citizens.The new kid in Cradle Bay, Washington stumbles across something sinister about the town's method of transforming its unruly teens into upstanding citizens. IMDb RATING 5.6/10 22K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,118 1,617 Director David Nutter Writer Scott Rosenberg Stars James Marsden Katie Holmes Nick Stahl Top credits Director David Nutter Writer Scott Rosenberg Stars James Marsden Katie Holmes Nick Stahl See production, box office & company info 247User reviews 112Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 2 nominations Videos1 Trailer 2:17 Disturbing Behavior Photos118 Top cast Edit James Marsden Steve Clarkas Steve Clark Katie Holmes Rachel Wagneras Rachel Wagner Nick Stahl Gavin Strickas Gavin Strick Tobias Mehler Andy Effkinas Andy Effkin Steve Railsback Officer Coxas Officer Cox Bruce Greenwood Dr. Edgar Caldicottas Dr. Edgar Caldicott Katharine Isabelle Lindsay Clarkas Lindsay Clark William Sadler Dorian Newberryas Dorian Newberry Ethan Embry Allen Clarkas Allen Clark Terry David Mulligan Nathan Clarkas Nathan Clark Susan Hogan Cynthia Clarkas Cynthia Clark A.J. Buckley Charles 'Chug' Romanas Charles 'Chug' Roman Robert Moloney Ferry Guyas Ferry Guy Derek Hamilton Trent Whalenas Trent Whalen Dan Zukovic Mr. Rooneyas Mr. Rooney Tygh Runyan Dickie Atkinsonas Dickie Atkinson P.J. Prinsloo Robby Stewartas Robby Stewart Michelle Skalnik Randi Sklaras Randi Sklar Director David Nutter Writer Scott Rosenberg All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.3 Teaching Mrs. Tingle 5.9 Gossip 6.5 The Faculty 6.2 Idle Hands 5.6 Urban Legend 5.2 Cherry Falls 5.2 The Stepford Children 6.5 Can't Hardly Wait 4.3 Urban Legends: Final Cut 5.7 I Know What You Did Last Summer 4.7 I Still Know What You Did Last Summer 7.2 Go Storyline Edit After the suicide of the teenager Allen Clark, his family decides to move from Chicago to the quiet Cradle Bay Island seeking a peaceful life for the siblings Steve and Lindsay Clark. When Steve joins the local high-school, the outcast Gavin Strick befriends Steve and introduces his also rejected friend Rachel Wagner to the newcomer. Gavin exposes to Steve in the refectory the punks, the nerds and the different tribes of the school and he defends the weird theory that a sinister force changes the behavior of the annoyingly perfect "Blue Ribbons", a group of good students that wear identical jackets and gather in the Yogurt Shoppe. Further he tells that he had witnessed the blue ribbon Andy Efkin killing their schoolmate Mary Jo that is missing and the local Officer Cox covering the murder. Steve does not believe in Gavin's words, but when his friend is submitted to the treatment of Dr. Edgar Caldicott and immediately changes his behavior, joining the Blue Ribbons, Steve and Rachel decides to investigate the mystery discovering the dark secret of the perfect behavior. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil high schoolstepford wives plotgrocery storefellatioteenage180 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Perfection is every teenage student's co-pilot. Genres Horror Mystery Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence, sexuality, language, and drug content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia There's an unreleased Director's Cut of the film before it was heavily edited for the theatrical release. Unfortunately, due to blockage from the studio Metro-Goldwyn Mayer, director David Nutter was unable to get it released. Nutter once showed the original unaltered cut to the horror film journalists at Fangoria Magazine, who praised it over the theatrical version. Goofs When Gavin leaves the building after seeing his parents want him go join the club. He is walking on a log and talking but his mouth does not move. Quotes [U.V. isn't sure if Steve Clark is now one of the Blue Ribbons] U.V.: Wait man, what's the capital of North Dakota? Steve Clark: How the fuck should I know? U.V.: All right. You're still okay. Crazy credits Voices at the end of the credits say Main Commands of Dr. Caldicott's Program: "Let the light get into you... yes, slowly". BETTY CALDICOTT: "Meet the musical little creatures that hide among the flowers". LORNA LONGLEY: "Treat yourself". Alternate versions DVD version features 11 deleted scenes, including an alternate ending where Gavin meets a different fate than the theatrical ending. Connections Edited into The Flys: Got You (Where I Want You) (1998) Soundtracks Got You (Where I Want You) Music by The Flys Lyrics by Adam Paskowitz Performed by The Flys Courtesy of Trauma Records User reviews247 Review Top review Very sadly underrated This is a very sadly underrated film. This is a film that I believe was intended to wake kids up. It's no artistic venture, I know. It's all laid out in a very simple fashion, and was made for the MTV kids to be able to understand it. Still, the point is a great one, and was carried out well. After reading someone's review of this, I have to say I was enraged. The good guys sometimes smoke pot in this. Would it be worse if they were on crack? Yes, it would. The good guys look a little freaky most of the time. Would it make them better people if they wore "nice clothes"? No, it wouldn't. They cuss a lot and talk their weird, poetic jive. Would they be more interesting if they didn't? No, they would be LESS interesting. The good guys like rock music. Does that make them bad, scary kids? Absolutely not, because you can't judge a person solely on their tastes. And as for the brainwashed psycho kids that even a lot of kids nowadays would root for, they break people's necks because they're ashamed to be sexually aroused. Is that less scary than a kid who just wants to get laid and can't because he's viewed as a monster by society? If your answer is "yes", you are obviously very disturbed yourself. This movie is about the underdogs, those people who are good people but have no choice other than to fight when so many would rather oppress them for being who they really are. This hardens and depresses them considerably, and why shouldn't it? The world is not a "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", and, though that is a nice fantasy, this movie, despite any fantastic contexts it might have, is full of harsh realities. If there's a world full of Blue Ribbons, things wouldn't be exciting to you unless you're totally brainwashed. If you're not, that makes it scary. That's why this movie sends chills up my spine, no matter how simple and MTV-styled it might be. This is one of the best horror films of the 1990s. At least it's not junk like "I Know What You Did Last Summer". This film has something to say, something only severely distorted people would see as completely negative and wrong. NOT FOR BLUE RIBBONS! helpful•5 1 one4now4 Oct 17, 2003 Details Edit Release date July 24, 1998 (Canada) Countries of origin Australia United States Canada Official sites MGM MGM Language English Also known as Inte som andra Filming locations Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada Production companies Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) Hoyts Distribution Beacon Communications See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $17,514,980 Opening weekend US & Canada $7,007,714 Jul 26, 1998 Gross worldwide $17,514,980 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 24 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby SR Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Disturbing Behavior (1998) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.