Doctor Strange (2016) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1211837/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_i_10
Doctor Strange (2016) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Doctor Strange 20162016 PG-13PG-13 1h 55m IMDb RATING 7.5/10 653K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 309 268 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:01 28 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy While on a journey of physical and spiritual healing, a brilliant neurosurgeon is drawn into the world of the mystic arts.While on a journey of physical and spiritual healing, a brilliant neurosurgeon is drawn into the world of the mystic arts.While on a journey of physical and spiritual healing, a brilliant neurosurgeon is drawn into the world of the mystic arts. IMDb RATING 7.5/10 653K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 309 268 Director Scott Derrickson Writers Jon Spaihts Scott Derrickson C. Robert Cargill Stars Benedict Cumberbatch Chiwetel Ejiofor Rachel McAdams Top credits Director Scott Derrickson Writers Jon Spaihts Scott Derrickson C. Robert Cargill Stars Benedict Cumberbatch Chiwetel Ejiofor Rachel McAdams See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 489Critic reviews 72Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 19 wins & 68 nominations total Videos28 Trailer 1:01 TV Spot Trailer 2:22 Trailer #2 - Comic-Con Trailer 1:57 World Premiere Trailer Clip 3:37 Everything We Know About 'Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness' Clip 4:07 'Endgame' Is Only the Beginning for 'Spider-Man' Clip 2:32 What MCU Character Should Hellboy Team Up With? Clip 2:41 'Avengers 4' Fan Theories: The Good, The Strange, and The Absolutely Insane Clip 3:16 IMDbrief: Remembering Stan Lee Clip 10:47 How Thanos Got Six Infinity Stones in 10 Minutes Featurette 1:08 Universes Within Featurette 2:25 Doctor Strange Featurette Interview 1:45 What Made the 'Doctor Strange' Experience Different? Photos343 Top cast Edit Benedict Cumberbatch Dr. Stephen Strangeas Dr. Stephen Strange Chiwetel Ejiofor Mordoas Mordo Rachel McAdams Dr. Christine Palmeras Dr. Christine Palmer Benedict Wong Wongas Wong Mads Mikkelsen Kaeciliusas Kaecilius Tilda Swinton The Ancient Oneas The Ancient One Michael Stuhlbarg Dr. Nicodemus Westas Dr. Nicodemus West Benjamin Bratt Jonathan Pangbornas Jonathan Pangborn Scott Adkins Lucianas Lucian… Zara Phythian Brunette Zealotas Brunette Zealot Alaa Safi Tall Zealotas Tall Zealot Katrina Durden Blonde Zealotas Blonde Zealot Topo Wresniwiro Hamiras Hamir Umit Ulgen Sol Ramaas Sol Rama Linda Louise Duan Tina Minoruas Tina Minoru (as Linda Duan) Mark Anthony Brighton Daniel Drummas Daniel Drumm Meera Syal Dr. Patelas Dr. Patel Amy Landecker Dr. Bruneras Dr. Bruner Director Scott Derrickson Writers Jon Spaihts Scott Derrickson C. Robert Cargill All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' See how Avengers: Infinity War's opening weekend stacks up at the box office against other movies in the MCU. Plus, check out how IMDb users have ranked the 19 MCU films to date.See the MCU box-office results More like this 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 7.9 Thor: Ragnarok 7.3 Black Panther 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.0 Ant-Man and the Wasp 8.0 The Avengers 7.3 Ant-Man 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.4 Spider-Man: Homecoming 7.9 Iron Man 8.0 Guardians of the Galaxy Storyline Edit Marvel's "Doctor Strange" follows the story of the talented neurosurgeon Doctor Stephen Strange who, after a tragic car accident, must put ego aside and learn the secrets of a hidden world of mysticism and alternate dimensions. Based in New York City's Greenwich Village, Doctor Strange must act as an intermediary between the real world and what lies beyond, utilising a vast array of metaphysical abilities and artifacts to protect the Marvel Cinematic Universe. —Marvel magicwizardtime loopneurosurgeondoctor346 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Open your mind. Change your reality. Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sci-fi violence and action throughout, and an intense crash sequence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Mads Mikkelsen admitted that with all the computer-generated imagery he got a bit lost on how to film his scenes, especially during the Mirror Dimension scenes. Goofs (at around 4 mins) After going through his clean up routine, Strange attaches his own mask, breaking aseptic protocols. In fact, a surgeon would put on his/her mask, then scrub, then have the OR team gown and glove him/her. Another error is that he inserted his hands all the way through his gown to don gloves. Hands must never leave the sleeves and gloves must be put on with the sleeves still covering. In addition, while he is removing the bullet from the patient's brain, he and Dr. Christine Palmer are shown intermittently with scrub masks and without. Quotes Kaecilius: How long have you been at Kamar-Taj, Mister... Dr. Stephen Strange: Doctor! Kaecilius: Mr. Doctor? Dr. Stephen Strange: It's Strange. Kaecilius: Maybe. Who am I to judge? Crazy credits There is a message at the end of the credits warning viewers to not be distracted when driving. This is a reference to Dr Strange's catastrophic car accident, but it is also a running gag in the film about essential warnings appearing after (not before) instructions. Connections Edited into Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Soundtracks Feels So Good Written by Chuck Mangione Performed by Chuck Mangione Courtesy of A&M Records under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews1K Review Top review 9/10 Trippy, Weird, Amazing and Jawdropping! I was lucky enough to be among the press-junket last Wednesday to witness this movie! I usually rate movies by different aspects, but i'll also answer some questions my friends had about this film which I also had myself! Acting (10/10): This cast is amazing! They embody their characters instead of trying to act like the character. Benedict as Dr. Strange was a portrayal right out of the comics! Tilda as the ancient one killed it! Action (10/10): Wow! I could argue the action in this movie being on par with the scenes in civil war. It was so incredible watching this scenes with million pieces moving yet focus sing on the main characters. Wide angles, long shots and great choreography. what else do you want? Story(8/10) : This movie had a solid story and you believed what, how and why things were going on! Villain was good and actually a memorable one for once(stab, you're welcome dc fans). It was not flawless though. The pace kind of slows down before the final act which was unnecessary! Cinematography/VFX 10/10: The images in this film blew my mind! There is a scene in the beginning where the ancient one shows Dr strange "the magic" and it is great! Some serious mind-bending stuff combined with great visuals to let it manifest itself to the audience. Most artistic movie yet of marvel. Overall, i'd give this movie an 8.5. Though this isn't THE best marvel movie, it is truly one of best out there. After the disappointing Jason borne, jack reach er etc. we finally have a movie that lives up to the hype! GO Watch this movie in Max 3d if possible, because it is worth it for once! Some questions that my friends asked: "Is this better than civil war?" - Well visual-wise on par, but story-wise civil war is better for many reasons including the fact that civil war had a lot of background information to work with. This was more of a standardized origin film. "Is there a post-credit scene?" - Ah yes sir! Apparently there are two, but we got to see only 1. "Is this the most mind-boggling thing you've ever seen on screen?" - Ehm yes and no. Yes, because the effects were amazing and things I've never seen before. No, nothing was so mind-blowing that it made me think different of the world or something. helpful•390 232 gangstah_vino Oct 21, 2016 FAQ1 in what order does this movie fit historically into the marvel universe? after which movie? before which movie? Details Edit Release date November 4, 2016 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Marvel (United States) Movie Website Language English Also known as Dr. Strange Filming locations Kathmandu, Nepal Production companies Marvel Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $165,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $232,641,920 Opening weekend US & Canada $85,058,311 Nov 6, 2016 Gross worldwide $677,796,076 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 55 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital Dolby Surround 7.1 IMAX 6-Track Related news Exciting Full Trailer for Multiverse Movie 'Spider-Man: No Way Home' Nov 17firstshowing.net ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ Trailer Reveals Villainous Multiverse as Tom Holland Teases ‘That Is the Tip of the Iceberg’ Nov 17Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.