Doom (2005) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0419706/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Doom (2005) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Doom 20052005 RR 1h 45m IMDb RATING 5.2/10 111K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,041 175 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:20 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionHorrorSci-Fi Space Marines are sent to investigate strange events at a research facility on Mars but find themselves at the mercy of genetically enhanced killing machines.Space Marines are sent to investigate strange events at a research facility on Mars but find themselves at the mercy of genetically enhanced killing machines.Space Marines are sent to investigate strange events at a research facility on Mars but find themselves at the mercy of genetically enhanced killing machines. IMDb RATING 5.2/10 111K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,041 175 Director Andrzej Bartkowiak Writers Dave Callaham(screenplay) Wesley Strick(screenplay) Stars Karl Urban Rosamund Pike Dwayne Johnson Top credits Director Andrzej Bartkowiak Writers Dave Callaham(screenplay) Wesley Strick(screenplay) Stars Karl Urban Rosamund Pike Dwayne Johnson See production, box office & company info 916User reviews 247Critic reviews 34Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:20 Official Trailer Video 2:54 What Roles Has The Rock Turned Down? Photos136 Top cast Edit Karl Urban John Grimmas John Grimm Rosamund Pike Samantha Grimmas Samantha Grimm Dwayne Johnson Sargeas Sarge Deobia Oparei Destroyeras Destroyer Ben Daniels Goatas Goat Razaaq Adoti Dukeas Duke (as Raz Adoti) Richard Brake Portmanas Portman Al Weaver The Kidas The Kid Dexter Fletcher Pinkyas Pinky Brian Steele Hell Knightas Hell Knight Yao Chin Macas Mac Robert Russell Dr. Carmackas Dr. Carmack Daniel York Lt. Huengsas Lt. Huengs Ian Hughes Sanford Crosbyas Sanford Crosby Sara Houghton Dr. Jenna Willitsas Dr. Jenna Willits Blanka Jarosova Dr. Hillary Tallmanas Dr. Hillary Tallman… Vladislav Dyntera Dr. Steve Willitsas Dr. Steve Willits Petr Hnetkovský Dr. Olsenas Dr. Olsen (as Petr Hnetkovsky) Director Andrzej Bartkowiak Writers Dave Callaham(screenplay) (story) Wesley Strick(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 3.7 Doom: Annihilation 5.7 Priest 5.3 Legion 6.3 Walking Tall 6.7 The Chronicles of Riddick 6.4 Riddick 7.1 Pitch Black 5.5 The Scorpion King 6.7 The Rundown 6.4 Predators 5.6 AVP: Alien vs. Predator 6.7 Resident Evil Storyline Edit Something has gone wrong at a remote scientific research station on Mars. All research has ceased. Communication has failed. And the messages that do get through are less than comforting. It's a level 5 quarantine and the only souls allowed in or out are the Rapid Response Tactical Squad - hardened Marines armed to the teeth with enough firepower to neutralize the enemy...or so they think. —El_Ucca@hotmail.com survivalbrother sister relationshipbased on video gamemonsterhell211 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines No one gets out alive. Genres Action Horror Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence/gore and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Dwayne Johnson was offered the lead role of John Grimm but chose the role of Sarge because he thought it was more interesting. Goofs When Sarge asks Reaper how much ammo he has left, Reaper replies that he has "half a clip." The correct term is magazine (usually abbreviated to "mag.") Any Marine would know the difference between a clip and magazine. Although this may be the case in reality, the Doom games refer to small quantities of bullets as clips; (e.g. 'picked up a clip') calling it a clip in the movie was probably intentional in order to be more consistent with the game. Quotes Sarge: Semper Fi, Motherfucker! Faithful to the corps John. Crazy credits In the opening Universal logo, the Earth is replaced with the planet Mars. Alternate versions The unrated version of Doom contains scenes not in the original film, including: Portland and The Kid finding Dr. Tallman in a locker room Sarge briefing the team on the helicopter Kid shooting steaming pipes What happens to Pinky's legs An extended version of the first-person shooter scene Sam and Duke in the Med Lab Portland reloading his gun in the restroom In addition, the unrated version also contains two extra bonus features: a look at how the first-person shooter scene was created and the scene itself some hints and tips for beginners on the Doom 3 game. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Worst Films of 2005 (2006) Soundtracks You Know What You Are? Written by Trent Reznor Performed by Nine Inch Nails Courtesy of Interscope Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises Additional Production by Clint Mansell User reviews916 Review Top review 7/10 Expected a lot worse! I must say I expected a lot worse, given all the very indecent films being made inspired by computer games, and especially this one, cause it is a game I played to death - pardon the pun - 10 years ago. I was entertained, and I didn't crumble my toes as much as I usually do. I usually dislike The Rock, cause I usually see him as a boneheaded wrestler with no acting potential what-so-ever, but in this film I must say he works out fantastically. Granted, it doesn't take a DeNiro to play the part, but he does it well and very convincingly. Cudos for that, I am even thinking about checking some of his new films out as well not. Of course, I have to find something that annoyed me, and it was called "Rosamund Pike"....my god, how can an actress this boring and express less ever get a part in a film? I grabbed myself several times wondering this question. He seriously stinks. But - to be honest, I think she was the only downer in this film. I didn't expect Oscar material and obviously that's not what I got either, but I got a lot of action and enjoyed all of it, especially the game-inspired shoot'em down/up scene, quite awesome carried out. Cudos to everything...apart from Rosamund Pike 7/10 helpful•105 77 filmfreak-5 Nov 12, 2005 FAQ2 What are the differences between the theatrical version and the unrated version? Details Edit Release date October 21, 2005 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom Czech Republic Germany United States Official site Universal (United States) Languages English Japanese Also known as Biệt Đội Tử Thần Filming locations Prague, Czech Republic Production companies John Wells Productions Di Bonaventura Pictures Doom Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $60,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $28,212,337 Opening weekend US & Canada $15,488,870 Oct 23, 2005 Gross worldwide $58,072,119 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Rosamund Pike Feels 'Partly To Blame' For The Failure Of The Doom Film Nov 17Slash Film 15 Hardest Xbox Games Nov 13Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Doom (2005)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.