Dr. Phibes Rises Again (1972) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068503/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Dr. Phibes Rises Again (1972) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dr. Phibes Rises Again 19721972 PGPG 1h 29m IMDb RATING 6.4/10 6K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:06 1 Video 85 Photos ComedyHorror The vengeful doctor rises again, seeking the Scrolls of Life in an attempt to resurrect his deceased wife.The vengeful doctor rises again, seeking the Scrolls of Life in an attempt to resurrect his deceased wife.The vengeful doctor rises again, seeking the Scrolls of Life in an attempt to resurrect his deceased wife. IMDb RATING 6.4/10 6K YOUR RATING Rate Director Robert Fuest Writers Robert Fuest Robert Blees James Whiton(based on characters created by) Stars Vincent Price Robert Quarry Valli Kemp Top credits Director Robert Fuest Writers Robert Fuest Robert Blees James Whiton(based on characters created by) Stars Vincent Price Robert Quarry Valli Kemp See production, box office & company info 59User reviews 63Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 2 nominations Videos1 Trailer 2:06 Dr. Phibes Rises Again Photos85 Top cast Edit Vincent Price Dr. Anton Phibesas Dr. Anton Phibes Robert Quarry Darrus Biederbeckas Darrus Biederbeck Valli Kemp Vulnaviaas Vulnavia Hugh Griffith Harry Ambroseas Harry Ambrose John Thaw Shaversas Shavers Keith Buckley Stewartas Stewart Lewis Fiander Bakeras Baker Gerald Sim Hackettas Hackett Milton Reid Manservant - Chengas Manservant - Cheng Peter Jeffrey Detective Inspecter Troutas Detective Inspecter Trout John Cater Superintendent Waverleyas Superintendent Waverley Peter Cushing Captainas Captain Beryl Reid Miss Ambroseas Miss Ambrose Terry-Thomas Lombardoas Lombardo Fiona Lewis Diana Trowbridgeas Diana Trowbridge John Comer Ship's Officeras Ship's Officer (uncredited) Caroline Munro Victoria Regina Phibesas Victoria Regina Phibes (uncredited) Gary Owens Narratoras Narrator (voice) (uncredited) Director Robert Fuest Writers Robert Fuest Robert Blees James Whiton(based on characters created by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 The Abominable Dr. Phibes 7.2 Theater of Blood 6.3 Madhouse 6.5 The Tomb of Ligeia 6.0 The Oblong Box 6.9 Tales of Terror 6.6 The Raven 5.6 Scream and Scream Again 6.7 The Comedy of Terrors 6.7 Twice-Told Tales 7.0 House of Usher 7.1 The Pit and the Pendulum Storyline Edit The moon rises at a predestined angle and awakens the sleeping Dr. Phibes three years later. To his dismay, he finds his house has been demolished and his papyrus scrolls stolen, the scrolls he needs to find the Pharoah's Tomb in Egypt, where the River of Life flows. After identifying the source of the papyrus theft, he packs and leaves for Egypt with his assistant Vulnavia, still intent upon awakening his dead wife Victoria. The parties responsible for the theft of Phibes' scrolls suffer an attrition problem as Inspector Trout chases him across the world. —Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> egypttombtelephone rigged to killmad scientistsarcophagus102 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Run! Hide! Scream! Genres Comedy Horror Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia There was a lot of hostility between Vincent Price and Robert Quarry, particularly when Price discovered that AIP was planning to replace him with Quarry as their major horror film star. At one point, when Price discovered Quarry singing opera, Quarry said; 'I'll bet you didn't know I could sing did you?', to which Price replied; 'well, I knew you weren't a f---ing actor'. Goofs At the end of the movie, set in 1928, Phibes sings 'Over The Rainbow', first recorded in 1938. Quotes Trout: I'm a bit apprehensive about finding the others, sir. Do you think you know where we are? Waverley: Trout, I don't think; I know. Trout: I don't think you know either, sir. Crazy credits This time, Phibes laughs just before the last chord of the music after the credits. Alternate versions In later prints and in the video version a scene featuring Vincent Price singing "Over the rainbow" is removed, supposedly for copyright reasons. The DVD release of 2001 restores the Vincent Price-sung "Over The Rainbow". Connections Edited from The Abominable Dr. Phibes (1971) Soundtracks Over the Rainbow (uncredited) Music by Harold Arlen Performed by Vincent Price (played over the end titles) User reviews59 Review Top review 7/10 Dr Phibes' return isn't quite as good as it was first time round Dr Phibes Rises Again is the sequel to the magnificent 'The Abominable Dr Phibes'. The original film achieved cult classic status through a magnificent performance from Vincent Price as the vengeful doctor of the title, and an over the top, absurd, camp styling that set it apart from most other films in it's field. Both of these ingredients are present for the sequel, but it doesn't succeed like the first one did because there's just something missing. The sequel sees Dr Phibes 'rise again' upon the moon aligning itself in a certain way (or something) and travelling to Egypt to find a river that will grant him and his neither living, nor completely dead beloved, immortality. However, things aren't so simple because the scrolls that lead the way to the river have been stolen and Phibes has a contender; someone that needs to find the river just as much as he does out there in Egypt with him. What's basically missing from this film is assurance. The first film obviously knew what it wanted to do and so was able to do it and not let anything get in the way; this one is very muddled, and it never completely gives the impression that it knows where it wants to go. Just like the first film, this one delivers some very imaginative and very grisly methods of dispatch for it's lesser characters. However, these death scenes almost appear superfluous to the plot, and appear to only be there to continue what the original started, as Phibes probably could have gotten where he wanted to go without thembut I'm not one to complain about a film that sees a man trapped in a giant gold scorpion while being eaten to death by live ones, and another man killed via a sharp spike shooting out of the telephone, so whether they're needed or not; they're nice. The film also features, like the original did, a lovely camp feeling; but it's never on the same level as it was in 'The Abominable'. Perhaps it's the move to Egypt and the low quality of the set's (as opposed to the grand and lavish ones of the original) what's done it. As mentioned, Vincent Price returns to take up one of the roles that have helped cement him in the minds of his fans - Dr Phibes himself. This role, frankly, was made for Vincent Price; and he excels at playing it. It can be said that he doesn't do quite as good a job here, but then again; he didn't have as much good stuff to work with. Also making an appearance is fellow horror legend - Peter Cushing. Cushing only actually appears for all of about two minutes, but it's nice to see him nonetheless. Robert Fuest returns to the director's chair, as you'd probably expect; but the most notable performance in the film (other than Price) comes from Peter Jeffrey, in the role of the inept Scotland Yard inspector - Inspector Trout. Jeffrey delivers his lines with impeccable comic timing and steals every scene he's in. I'd even go as far as to say that Jeffrey is just as important a part of these two movies as Vincent Price is. Overall, this film isn't nearly as good as 'The Abominable Dr Phibes', but fans of the original will find lots to like and despite the fact that it's a lesser film and has many flaws; I love this kind of stuff so it gets a big thumbs up from me. helpful•17 5 The_Void Dec 15, 2004 Details Edit Release date September 1972 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official site MGM Studios (United States) Language English Also known as Die Rückkehr des Dr. Phibes Filming locations Ibiza, Balearic Islands, Spain Production company Amicus Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 29 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Vincent Price: Classic Horror Movies and Must-Read Books You Should Own Oct 25Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Dr. Phibes Rises Again (1972) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.