Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057012/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_66
Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 19641964 PGPG 1h 35m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 470K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,252 312 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:25 31 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyWar An insane American general orders a bombing attack on the Soviet Union, triggering a path to nuclear holocaust that a war room full of politicians and generals frantically tries to stop.An insane American general orders a bombing attack on the Soviet Union, triggering a path to nuclear holocaust that a war room full of politicians and generals frantically tries to stop.An insane American general orders a bombing attack on the Soviet Union, triggering a path to nuclear holocaust that a war room full of politicians and generals frantically tries to stop. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 470K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,252 312 Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Terry Southern(screenplay) Peter George(screenplay) Stars Peter Sellers George C. Scott Sterling Hayden Top credits Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Terry Southern(screenplay) Peter George(screenplay) Stars Peter Sellers George C. Scott Sterling Hayden See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 236Critic reviews 97Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #66 Nominated for 4 Oscars 14 wins & 11 nominations total Videos31 Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:24 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Trailer 3:25 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Photos224 Top cast Edit Peter Sellers Group Capt. Lionel Mandrakeas Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake… George C. Scott Gen. 'Buck' Turgidsonas Gen. 'Buck' Turgidson Sterling Hayden Brig. Gen. Jack D. Ripperas Brig. Gen. Jack D. Ripper Keenan Wynn Col. 'Bat' Guanoas Col. 'Bat' Guano Slim Pickens Maj. 'King' Kongas Maj. 'King' Kong Peter Bull Russian Ambassador Alexi de Sadeskyas Russian Ambassador Alexi de Sadesky James Earl Jones Lt. Lothar Zoggas Lt. Lothar Zogg Tracy Reed Miss Scottas Miss Scott Jack Creley Mr. Stainesas Mr. Staines Frank Berry Lt. H.R. Dietrichas Lt. H.R. Dietrich Robert O'Neil Adm. Randolphas Adm. Randolph Glenn Beck Lt. Kivelas Lt. Kivel (as Glen Beck) Roy Stephens Frankas Frank Shane Rimmer Capt. 'Ace' Owensas Capt. 'Ace' Owens Hal Galili Burpelson AFB Defense Team Memberas Burpelson AFB Defense Team Member Paul Tamarin Lt. Goldbergas Lt. Goldberg Laurence Herder Burpelson AFB Defense Team Memberas Burpelson AFB Defense Team Member Gordon Tanner Gen. Facemanas Gen. Faceman Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Terry Southern(screenplay) Peter George(screenplay) (based on the book: "Red Alert" by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films 2001: A Space Odyssey and Eyes Wide Shut are just the beginning of Stanley Kubrick's legacy. Are you up to speed on the film icon's style?Watch the video 1:38 More like this 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.4 Paths of Glory 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 Barry Lyndon 8.4 The Shining 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.3 Vertigo 8.5 Psycho 8.5 Casablanca Storyline Edit Paranoid Brigadier General Jack D. Ripper of Burpelson Air Force Base, believing that fluoridation of the American water supply is a Soviet plot to poison the U.S. populace, is able to deploy through a back door mechanism a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union without the knowledge of his superiors, including the Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Buck Turgidson, and President Merkin Muffley. Only Ripper knows the code to recall the B-52 bombers and he has shut down communication in and out of Burpelson as a measure to protect this attack. Ripper's executive officer, RAF Group Captain Lionel Mandrake (on exchange from Britain), who is being held at Burpelson by Ripper, believes he knows the recall codes if he can only get a message to the outside world. Meanwhile at the Pentagon War Room, key persons including Muffley, Turgidson and nuclear scientist and adviser, a former Nazi named Dr. Strangelove, are discussing measures to stop the attack or mitigate its blow-up into an all out nuclear war with the Soviets. Against Turgidson's wishes, Muffley brings Soviet Ambassador Alexi de Sadesky into the War Room, and get his boss, Soviet Premier Dimitri Kisov, on the hot line to inform him of what's going on. The Americans in the War Room are dismayed to learn that the Soviets have an as yet unannounced Doomsday Device to detonate if any of their key targets are hit. As Ripper, Mandrake and those in the War Room try and work the situation to their end goal, Major T.J. "King" Kong, one of the B-52 bomber pilots, is working on his own agenda of deploying his bomb where ever he can on enemy soil if he can't make it to his intended target. —Huggo war roombodily fluidsblack comedysatireu.s. president182 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The comedy classic from celebrated director STANLEY KUBRICK Genres Comedy War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic elements, some violent content, sexual humor and mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Peter Sellers was paid $1 million, 55% of the film's budget. Stanley Kubrick famously quipped "I got three for the price of six". Goofs Towards the end of the film, when Strangelove is fighting with his renegade right hand over control of his wheelchair and punches it several times out of frustration, the Russian Ambassador (Peter Bull) clearly corpses (laughs) at Peter Sellers' performance and then quickly regains his composure. Quotes President Merkin Muffley: Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room. Crazy credits The screenplay title is incorrectly spelled. It reads: 'Base' on the book "Red Alert" by Peter George. This is pointed out on the DVD supplement about the making of the film. Alternate versions The US version opens with the following text being displayed before the Columbia lady appears: "It is the stated position of the U.S. Air Force that their safeguards would prevent the occurence of such events as are depicted in this film. Furthermore, it should be noted that none of the characters portrayed in this film are meant to represent any real persons living or dead." Connections Edited into Hai-Kubrick (1999) Soundtracks Try a Little Tenderness (1932) (uncredited) Music by Harry M. Woods, Reginald Connelly, and Jimmy Campbell Arranged by Laurie Johnson Performed by Studio Orchestra during the opening credits User reviews1K Review Top review 10/10 Subtle and Symbolic Entertainment Weekly called this one of the funniest 100 movies ever made. It also happens to be one of the most disturbing movies made. The humor is right there in your face, however, there is always an underlining political critique under every character, every line, and every government representation. Slim Pickins is the never quit Airman. He is a representative of our entire military system of the time. The president, played beautifully by Peter Sellers, is a demure, calm presence trying to deal with the Russian premiere. His perfect counterpart is a war hungry General, ready to accuse the Russians of any small infraction. This leads to one of the funniest lines in the whole movie. Sellers also plays a British airman who has to deal with the crazed general in the usual polite British manner. Seller's third role is that of the title character, Dr. Strangelove, a former nazi and weapons designer for the Americans. He represents the scientific community of that time period; those who worked tirelessly to build a better bomb. These characters, all of them strongly parodying a cross section of society make for an odd story. The final scene, while played for laughs, is actually a frightening image of a communist future. The final moments are frightening in their truth leading one to put themselves in a position of the characters. Dr. Strangelove is the funniest disturbing film I've ever seen. helpful•121 91 reaper1800 Feb 11, 2003 FAQ9 "Dr. Strangelove" was an Americanized version of the doctor's German name. What was the German name? What was the doomsday device? How was the doomsday device triggered? Details Edit Release date January 29, 1964 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official site Official site Languages English Russian Also known as 奇爱博士 Filming locations Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada Production companies Columbia Pictures Hawk Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,800,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $9,440,272 Opening weekend US & Canada $11,751 Jul 17, 1994 Gross worldwide $9,523,464 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 35 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby Digital Related news How ‘Don’t Look Up’s Adam McKay Got Leo, JLaw, Streep, Chalamet, Rylance To Sound Climate Change Alarm With Comedy On Comet Hurtling To Earth Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Pablo Larraín Nov 2Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.