Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964) - George C. Scott as Gen. 'Buck' Turgidson - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057012/characters/nm0001715?ref_=tt_cl_c_2
Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964) - George C. Scott as Gen. 'Buck' Turgidson - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964) George C. Scott: Gen. 'Buck' Turgidson Showing all 59 items Jump to: Photos (39) Quotes (20) Photos 16 more photos Quotes President Merkin Muffley : I will not go down in history as the greatest mass-murderer since Adolf Hitler. General "Buck" Turgidson : Perhaps it might be better, Mr. President, if you were more concerned with the American People than with your image in the history books. General "Buck" Turgidson : Sir, you can't let him in here. He'll see everything. He'll see the big board! General "Buck" Turgidson : It'd be naive of us, Mr. President, to imagine that these new developments would cause a change in Soviet expansionist policy. I mean, we must be increasingly on the alert to prevent them taking over other mine shafts space, in order to breed more prodigiously than we do. Thus, knocking us out of these superior numbers when we emerge! Mr. President, we must not allow a mine-shaft gap! [Strangelove's plan for post-nuclear war survival involves living underground with a 10:1 female-to-male ratio] General "Buck" Turgidson : Doctor, you mentioned the ratio of ten women to each man. Now, wouldn't that necessitate the abandonment of the so-called monogamous sexual relationship, I mean, as far as men were concerned? Dr. Strangelove : Regrettably, yes. But it is, you know, a sacrifice required for the future of the human race. I hasten to add that since each man will be required to do prodigious... service along these lines, the women will have to be selected for their sexual characteristics which will have to be of a highly stimulating nature. Ambassador de Sadesky : I must confess, you have an astonishingly good idea there, Doctor. General "Buck" Turgidson : Gee, I wish we had one of them doomsday machines. General "Buck" Turgidson : General Ripper called Strategic Air Command headquarters shortly after he issued the go code. I have a portion of the transcript of that conversation if you'd like me to to read it. President Merkin Muffley : Read it! General "Buck" Turgidson : Ahem... The Duty Officer asked General Ripper to confirm the fact that he *had* issued the go code, and he said, uh, "Yes gentlemen, they are on their way in, and no one can bring them back. For the sake of our country, and our way of life, I suggest you get the rest of SAC in after them. Otherwise, we will be totally destroyed by Red retaliation. Uh, my boys will give you the best kind of start, 1400 megatons worth, and you sure as hell won't stop them now, uhuh. Uh, so let's get going, there's no other choice. God willing, we will prevail, in peace and freedom from fear, and in true health, through the purity and essence of our natural... fluids. God bless you all" and he hung up. [beat] General "Buck" Turgidson : Uh, we're, still trying to figure out the meaning of that last phrase, sir. President Merkin Muffley : There's nothing to figure out, General Turgidson. This man is obviously a psychotic. General "Buck" Turgidson : We-he-ell, uh, I'd like to hold off judgement on a thing like that, sir, until all the facts are in. President Merkin Muffley : General Turgidson! When you instituted the human reliability tests, you *assured* me there was *no* possibility of such a thing *ever* occurring! General "Buck" Turgidson : Well, I, uh, don't think it's quite fair to condemn a whole program because of a single slip-up, sir. [Turgidson advocates a further nuclear attack to prevent a Soviet response to Ripper's attack] General "Buck" Turgidson : Mr. President, we are rapidly approaching a moment of truth both for ourselves as human beings and for the life of our nation. Now, truth is not always a pleasant thing. But it is necessary now to make a choice, to choose between two admittedly regrettable, but nevertheless *distinguishable*, postwar environments: one where you got twenty million people killed, and the other where you got a hundred and fifty million people killed. President Merkin Muffley : You're talking about mass murder, General, not war! General "Buck" Turgidson : Mr. President, I'm not saying we wouldn't get our hair mussed. But I do say no more than ten to twenty million killed, tops. Uh, depending on the breaks. General "Buck" Turgidson : If the pilot's good, see, I mean if he's reeeally sharp, he can barrel that baby in so low... oh you oughta see it sometime. It's a sight. A big plane like a '52... varrrooom! Its jet exhaust... frying chickens in the barnyard! [General Turgenson's phone rings in the war room] General "Buck" Turgidson : Hello... [whispering] General "Buck" Turgidson : I told you never to call me here, don't you know where I am?... Well look, baby, I c-, I *can't* talk to you now... my president needs me!... Of *course* Bucky'd rather be there with you!... Of *course* it isn't only physical!... I deeply respect you as a human being... Some day I'm gonna make you *Mrs* Buck Turgidson!... Oh, listen uh, you go back to sleep hon, and Bucky'll be back there just as soon as he can... All right... listen, sug, don't forget to say your prayers! General "Buck" Turgidson : Mr. President, if I may speak freely, the Russkie talks big, but frankly, we think he's short of know how. I mean, you just can't expect a bunch of ignorant peons to understand a machine like some of our boys. And that's not meant as an insult, Mr. Ambassador, I mean, you take your average Russkie, we all know how much guts he's got. Hell, lookit all them Nazis killed off and they still wouldn't quit. General "Buck" Turgidson : Hmm... Strangelove? What kind of a name is that? That ain't no Kraut name is it, Stainesey? Mr. Staines : He changed it when he became a citizen. Used to be Merkwürdigliebe. [the German word for "Strangelove"] General "Buck" Turgidson : Well, a Kraut by any other name, uh Stainesey? General "Buck" Turgidson : Mr. President, about, uh, 35 minutes ago, General Jack Ripper, the commanding general of, uh, Burpelson Air Force Base, issued an order to the 34 B-52's of his Wing, which were airborne at the time as part of a special exercise we were holding called Operation Drop-Kick. Now, it appears that the order called for the planes to, uh, attack their targets inside Russia. The, uh, planes are fully armed with nuclear weapons with an average load of, um, 40 megatons each. Now, the central display of Russia will indicate the position of the planes. The triangles are their primary targets; the squares are their secondary targets. The aircraft will begin penetrating Russian radar cover within, uh, 25 minutes. President Merkin Muffley : General Turgidson, I find this very difficult to understand. I was under the impression that I was the only one in authority to order the use of nuclear weapons. General "Buck" Turgidson : That's right, sir, you are the only person authorized to do so. And although I, uh, hate to judge before all the facts are in, it's beginning to look like, uh, General Ripper exceeded his authority. Miss Scott : It's 3 o'clock in the morning! General "Buck" Turgidson : Weh-heh-heh-ll, the Air Force never sleeps. Miss Scott : Buck, honey, I'm not sleepy either... General "Buck" Turgidson : I know how it is, baby. Tell you what you do: you just start your countdown, and old Bucky'll be back here before you can say "Blast off!" General "Buck" Turgidson : Is that the Russian ambassador you're talking about? President Merkin Muffley : Yes it is, General. General "Buck" Turgidson : A-A-Am I to understand the *Russian* ambassador is to be admitted entrance to th-the War Room? President Merkin Muffley : That is correct, he is here on my orders. General "Buck" Turgidson : I... I don't know exactly how to put this, sir, but are you aware of what a serious breach of security that would be? I mean, he'll see everything, he'll... he'll see the Big Board! President Merkin Muffley : And why haven't you radioed the planes countermanding the go-code? General "Buck" Turgidson : Well, I'm afraid we're unable to communicate with any of the aircraft. President Merkin Muffley : Why? General "Buck" Turgidson : As you may recall, sir, one of the provisions of Plan 'R' provides that once the go-code is received, the normal SSB Radios in the aircraft are switched into a special coded device which I believe is designated as CRM-114. Now, in order to prevent the enemy from issuing fake or confusing orders, CRM-114 is designed not to receive at all - unless the message is preceded by the correct three-letter recall code group prefix. President Merkin Muffley : Then do you mean to tell me, General Turgidson, that you will be unable to recall the aircraft? General "Buck" Turgidson : That's about the size of it. However, we are plowing through every possible three-letter combination of the code. But since there are 17,000 permutations... it's going to take us about two-and-a-half days to transmit them all. President Merkin Muffley : How soon did you say our planes will be entering Russian radar cover? General "Buck" Turgidson : About 18 minutes from now, sir. President Merkin Muffley : I'm afraid I don't understand something, Alexi. Is your premier threatening to explode this if our planes succeed in carrying out their attack? Ambassador de Sadesky : No, sir! It is not a thing a sane man would do. The doomsday machine is designed to to trigger itself automatically. President Merkin Muffley : But surely you can disarm it somehow. Ambassador de Sadesky : No! It is designed to explode if any attempt is ever made to untrigger it! President Merkin Muffley : Automatically? General "Buck" Turgidson : It's an obvious Commie trick, Mr. President. We are wasting valuable time! Look at the big board, they're getting ready to clobber us! General "Buck" Turgidson : [Gesturing to the Big Board] When the Russians see that on their radar, they are going to go absolutely ***APE***. General "Buck" Turgidson : Our studies show that even the worst fallout is down to a safe level after two weeks! Ambassador de Sadesky : You've obviously never heard of cobalt chlorium G. General "Buck" Turgidson : Well, what about it? Ambassador de Sadesky : Cobalt chlorine G has a radioactive half-life of 93 years. If you take, say, 50 H-bombs in 100 megaton range and jacket them with cobalt chlorium G - when they are exploded, they will produce a doomsday shroud. An evil cloud of radioactivity which will encircle the earth for 93 years! General "Buck" Turgidson : What a load of Commie bull. President Merkin Muffley : [on phone with Dmitri] No. No, Dimitri, there must be some mistake. No, I'm certain of that. I'm perfectly certain of that, Dimitri. Just a second. [puts down phone] President Merkin Muffley : You know what he says? He says that one of the planes hasn't turned back. He says according to information forwarded by our air staff, it's headed for the missile complex at Lapuda. General "Buck" Turgidson : Why... [laughs incredulously] General "Buck" Turgidson : That's impossible, Mr. President. I mean, look at the big board! Thirty-four planes, thirty recalls acknowledged, and four splashes, and one of them was targeted for Lapuda! President Merkin Muffley : Dimitri? Look, we've got an acknowledgement from every plane except the four you've shot down. [beat] President Merkin Muffley : Oh. Oh. [puts down the phone] President Merkin Muffley : He says... [realizes Dimitri's still on the line, brings it back up] President Merkin Muffley : Hang on a second, Dimitri. [covers phone] President Merkin Muffley : He says their air staff now only claims three aircraft confirmed. The fourth may only be damaged. General "Buck" Turgidson : [narrows eyes, looks suspicious] Mr. President, I'm beginning to smell a big, fat Commie rat! I mean, supposin' Kissov is lying about that fourth plane, just lookin' for an excuse to clobber us. I mean, if the spaghetti hits the fan, now, we're in trouble. [the men inside the War Room cheer as the big board shows the OPE code being recalled from the bombers] General Buck Turgidson : [Whistling loudly] Gentlemen, gentlemen! [Everyone falls silent] General Buck Turgidson : Ah, gentlemen, Mr. President, I'm not a sentimentalist at all, by nature, but I think I know what's in every heart in this room. I think we ought to all just bow our heads and give a short prayer of thanks for our deliverance. Uh, Lord, we have heard the wings of the angel of death fluttering over our heads from the valley of fear. You have seen fit to deliver us from the forces of evil... Mr. Staines : Excuse me sir, Premier Kissov's calling again and he's hopping mad! See also Release Dates | Official Sites | Company Credits | Filming & Production | Technical Specs Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Favorite Films I've Watched a list of 47 titles created 2 months ago Visti a list of 33 titles created 5 months ago CH Film Club Movies a list of 44 titles created 7 months ago Favorite Movies of the 1960s a list of 38 titles created 2 months ago Old movies a list of 41 titles created 10 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.