Dracula (1992) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103874/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Dracula (1992) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dracula 19921992 RR 2h 8m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 206K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 192 75 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:37 3 Videos 99+ Photos FantasyHorrorRomance The centuries old vampire Count Dracula comes to England to seduce his barrister Jonathan Harker's fiancée Mina Murray and inflict havoc in the foreign land.The centuries old vampire Count Dracula comes to England to seduce his barrister Jonathan Harker's fiancée Mina Murray and inflict havoc in the foreign land.The centuries old vampire Count Dracula comes to England to seduce his barrister Jonathan Harker's fiancée Mina Murray and inflict havoc in the foreign land. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 206K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 192 75 Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Bram Stoker(novel "Dracula") James V. Hart(screenplay) Stars Gary Oldman Winona Ryder Anthony Hopkins Top credits Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Bram Stoker(novel "Dracula") James V. Hart(screenplay) Stars Gary Oldman Winona Ryder Anthony Hopkins See production, box office & company info 812User reviews 202Critic reviews 57Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 3 Oscars 24 wins & 25 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 2:37 Bram Stoker's Dracula Trailer 0:28 Bram Stoker's Dracula Clip 3:13 What Roles Has Winona Ryder Turned Down? Photos247 Top cast Edit Gary Oldman Draculaas Dracula Winona Ryder Mina Murrayas Mina Murray… Anthony Hopkins Professor Abraham Van Helsingas Professor Abraham Van Helsing Keanu Reeves Jonathan Harkeras Jonathan Harker Richard E. Grant Dr. Jack Sewardas Dr. Jack Seward Cary Elwes Lord Arthur Holmwoodas Lord Arthur Holmwood Billy Campbell Quincey P. Morrisas Quincey P. Morris (as Bill Campbell) Sadie Frost Lucy Westenraas Lucy Westenra Tom Waits R.M. Renfieldas R.M. Renfield Monica Bellucci Dracula's Brideas Dracula's Bride Michaela Bercu Dracula's Brideas Dracula's Bride Florina Kendrick Dracula's Brideas Dracula's Bride Jay Robinson Mr. Hawkinsas Mr. Hawkins I.M. Hobson Hobbsas Hobbs Laurie Franks Lucy's Maidas Lucy's Maid Maud Winchester Downstairs Maidas Downstairs Maid Octavian Cadia Deaconas Deacon Robert Getz Priestas Priest Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Bram Stoker(novel "Dracula") James V. Hart(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Gary Oldman Through the Years Gary Oldman Through the Years Take a look back at Gary Oldman's movie career in photos.See more Gary More like this 7.5 Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles 7.3 Sleepy Hollow 3.5 Bram Stoker's Van Helsing 7.6 The Crow 7.3 The Lost Boys 6.8 Dracula 7.6 The Fly 8.0 The Exorcist 7.2 From Dusk Till Dawn 7.2 Making 'Bram Stoker's Dracula' 7.5 Dracula 7.3 Gremlins Storyline Edit This version of Dracula is closely based on Bram Stoker's classic novel. Young barrister Jonathan Harker is assigned to a gloomy village in the mists of eastern Europe. He is captured and imprisoned by the undead vampire Dracula, who travels to London, inspired by a photograph of Harker's betrothed, Mina Murray. In Britain, Dracula begins a reign of seduction and terror, draining the life from Mina's closest friend, Lucy Westenra. Lucy's friends gather together to try to drive Dracula away. —Goth <brooks@odie.ee.wits.ac.za> draculavampirehorror movie remakemonster sexfemale vampire334 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Beware Genres Fantasy Horror Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for sexuality and horror violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Producer and director Francis Ford Coppola explains on the DVD commentary that Mina and Harker's wedding was a re-shoot done at a Los Angeles Greek Orthodox church. They filmed the entire ceremony with a genuine Romanian Orthodox minister, and realized afterwards that Winona Ryder and Keanu Reeves may have really been married to each other. Reeves has since confessed that he often gets text messages from Ryder that read "Hello, husband", and that they are both completely fine with it. Goofs The language spoken in the beginning is not medieval Romanian - it is modern Romanian imitating medieval English syntax. Quotes Dracula: I have crossed oceans of time to find you. Alternate versions British video version contains a scene where Jonathan Harker's nipple is licked by one of the female vampires, who then bites it and causes it to bleed. When the film premiered in America this scene was still included. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Malcolm X/Bram Stoker's Dracula/Traces of Red/Love Potion #9 (1992) Soundtracks Love Song for a Vampire (from 'Bram Stoker's Dracula') Produced by Stephen Lipson Written and Performed by Annie Lennox Courtesy of BMG Ariola Muenchen GmbH User reviews812 Review Top review 7/10 Spectacular and lavish version with splendid actors , lush photography , breathtaking set design and brilliant costumes A young lawyer named Jonathan Harker (Keanu Reeves, though Coppola has openly criticized his own reasoning for casting Keanu Reeves as Jonathan Harker ; according to him, he needed a young, hot star that would connect with the girls) is assigned to a gloomy village in the mists of eastern Europe . He is captured and imprisoned by a strange vampire and his bloodsucker girlfriends . He really is a 15th-century Romanian warrior who lives on through the ages and gone back life . Avenging the death of his beloved wife ; the undead vampire named Dracula (Gary Oldman , among those who auditioned for the part were Andy Garcia , Gabriel Byrne, Armand Assante, Antonio Banderas and Viggo Mortensen) comes to England to seduce a visitor's fiancée (Winona Rider) and inflict havoc in the foreign land . As it is said that Dracula has extraordinary powers , but these supernatural powers have sinister origins . Dracula starts a reign of seduction and horror, draining the life from Mina's closest friend, Lucy (Sadie Frost) . But Dracula has not counted on young Lords (Gary Elwes , Bill Campbell , Keanu Reeves) acquiring the assistance of the Vampire expert Prof. Abraham Van Helsing 8anthony Hopkins) . Colorful version about the famous personage with an all-star cast , brilliant cinematography by Michael Balhaus , glamorous gowns and spectacular production design by Thomas Sanders , including evocative sights on Victorian London . And special mention to rousing and powerful musical score composed and conducted by Wojciech Kilar . This thrilling as well as sumptuous film contains horrifying scenes , chills , lots of gore and red jelly was used for the blood . Interesting script by writer James V. Hart , he started writing the screenplay in 1977 ; according to him, David Lean was the first choice to direct the movie, but was unavailable as he was working on Nostromo, which was eventually shelved after his death . Gary Oldman brings something unique to the vampire role, somewhere between Max Schreck's hideous Count Orlok , the debonair Lugosi/Lee/Langela Dracula and a wolfman makeup lookalike , Oldman may well exude some sort of animal magnetism to women, but is still a hideous fanged beast on the prowl . High-budgeted film , though to keep the budget manageable, Columbia insisted that the film be shot in Los Angeles and not on location. Costume designer Eiko Ishioka -who won an Oscar for the movie and previously had dressed in ¨Mishima¨ produced by Coppola- had never seen a Dracula movie prior to being hired for this film ; she was initially hired as the art director, but when Francis Ford Coppola saw some of her costume sketches, he immediately asked her to work as the costume designer. The motion picture was exquisitely realized by the genius Ford Coppola . The picture achieved success at box office , as earnings from the film was enough to save Zoetrope (Francis Ford Coppola's studio) from bankruptcy after suffering from financial difficulties and liabilities of $27 million over the past 3 years. Dracula deservedly won Academy Awards for editing , sound effects , costume design and makeup. This version of Dracula is closely based on Bram Stoker's 1897 classic novel of the same name ; other films retelling the known legend based as originally conceived on this novel are the following : "Bram Stoker's Count Dracula" (1970) by Jesus Franco with Christopher Lee , Hebert Lom , Maria Rohm , Klaus Kinski ; ¨ Dracula¨ (1974) by Dan Curtis with Jack Palance , Simon Ward ,Nigel Davenport , ¨Bram's Stoker Dracula'with David Suchet as Abraham Van Helsing , Marc Warren as Count Dracula and Sophia Myles as Lucy ; and last version ¨Dracula¨2012 by Dario Argento with Rutger Hauer as Abraham Van Helsing , Asia Argento as Lucy , Unax Ugalde as Johnathan Harker and Thomas Kretschmann as Dracula . helpful•13 7 ma-cortes Mar 10, 2013 FAQ10 Why did Lucy and Mina kiss each other romantically in the maze? What was the name of the White Wolf that escaped from the London Zoo, and was he friendly? What is 'Dracula' about? Details Edit Release date November 13, 1992 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Languages English Romanian Greek Bulgarian Latin Also known as Bram Stoker's Dracula Filming locations Universal Studios - 100 Universal City Plaza, Universal City, California, USA Production companies American Zoetrope Columbia Pictures Osiris Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $82,522,790 Opening weekend US & Canada $30,521,679 Nov 15, 1992 Gross worldwide $215,862,692 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 8 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Vampirella/Dracula trailer teases an Unholy! honeymoon Nov 13Flickeringmyth Bram Stoker’s Dracula: Overblown, Excessive and Indulgent But Brilliant Nov 13Flickeringmyth Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Dracula (1992) in Mexico?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.