Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1674785/?ref_=nm_flmg_arf_35
Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon 20152015 Not RatedNot Rated 1h 38m IMDb RATING 7.2/10 2.3K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:23 2 Videos 94 Photos DocumentaryHistory A look at the history of the American comedy publication and production company, National Lampoon, from its beginning in the 1970s to 2010, featuring rare and never-before-seen footage.A look at the history of the American comedy publication and production company, National Lampoon, from its beginning in the 1970s to 2010, featuring rare and never-before-seen footage.A look at the history of the American comedy publication and production company, National Lampoon, from its beginning in the 1970s to 2010, featuring rare and never-before-seen footage. IMDb RATING 7.2/10 2.3K YOUR RATING Rate Director Douglas Tirola Writers Mark Monroe Douglas Tirola Stars Danny Abelson Judd Apatow Kevin Bacon Top credits Director Douglas Tirola Writers Mark Monroe Douglas Tirola Stars Danny Abelson Judd Apatow Kevin Bacon See production, box office & company info 15User reviews 59Critic reviews 74Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 5 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:23 Drunk, Stoned, Brilliant, Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon Clip 2:19 Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon Trailer Photos94 Top cast Edit Danny Abelson Self - Lampoon Contributoras Self - Lampoon Contributor Judd Apatow Self - Film Directoras Self - Film Director Kevin Bacon Self - Actoras Self - Actor Henry Beard Self - Lampoon Founderas Self - Lampoon Founder Anne Beatts Self - Lampoon Contributoras Self - Lampoon Contributor John Belushi Selfas Self (archive footage) … Judith Belushi-Pisano Self - Lampoon Staffas Self - Lampoon Staff (as Judith Jacklin Belushi) Richard Belzer Selfas Self… Ed Bluestone Self - Lampoon Contributoras Self - Lampoon Contributor Christopher Buckley Self - Author, Thank You for Smokingas Self - Author, Thank You for Smoking John Candy Selfas Self (archive footage) … Christopher Cerf Self - Lampoon Contributoras Self - Lampoon Contributor (as Chris Cerf) Chevy Chase Self - Actoras Self - Actor Michel Choquette Selfas Self (archive footage) … George Coe Selfas Self… Beverly D'Angelo Self - Actoras Self - Actor Sean Daniel Self - Universal Picturesas Self - Universal Pictures Shary Flenniken Self - Lampoon Artistas Self - Lampoon Artist Director Douglas Tirola Writers Mark Monroe Douglas Tirola All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 A Futile and Stupid Gesture 7.2 Belushi 6.8 Magic Trip: Ken Kesey's Search for a Kool Place 7.5 Corman's World: Exploits of a Hollywood Rebel 7.4 W/ Bob and David 7.2 The Decline of Western Civilization Part III 6.9 Kid 90 7.5 National Lampoon's Animal House 7.6 Never Surrender: A Galaxy Quest Documentary 7.7 Too Funny to Fail: The Life & Death of The Dana Carvey Show 6.7 Skin: A History of Nudity in the Movies 6.5 National Lampoon Television Show: Lemmings Dead in Concert Storyline Edit Featuring rare and never before seen footage, this is the mind boggling story of The National Lampoon from its subversive and electrifying beginnings, to rebirth as an unlikely Hollywood heavyweight, and beyond. A humour empire like no other, the impact of the magazines irreverent, often shocking, sensibility was nothing short of seismic: this is an institution whose (drunk stoned brilliant) alumni left their fingerprints all over popular culture. Both insanely great and breathtakingly innovative, The National Lampoon created the foundation of modern comic sensibility by setting the bar in comedy impossibly high. hare krishnamagazinehumor magazine1970smedia franchise1 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines If You Don't See This Documentary, We'll Shoot This Dog Genres Documentary History Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Comedians John Belushi, Chevy Chase, Gilda Radner, Bill Murray, Brian Doyle-Murray first gained attention as part of National Lampoon's stage and radio shows before gaining fame on Saturday Night Live. Michael O'Donoghue was a founder, writer, and editor for the National Lampoon magazine before becoming the first head writer of Saturday Night Live. Quotes John Landis, Himself: There's a time in everyone's life, and its really between 17 and 22, when you talk to people in their middle age, they always talk about their high school or their college experience as the quote unquote best years of their lives. And I'm thinkin' why? And *ultimately* its because when you're 17-18, you were expected to function as an adult , but you're a baby. Have you ever gone to a college campus? Those kids are babies; but, they're adults. So, there's this wonderful freedom, sense of adventure. We can do anything we want! We're college students! And that's really how the whole thing started. Connections Features National Lampoon Television Show: Lemmings Dead in Concert (1973) Soundtracks The Jean Genie Written by David Bowie Performed by David Bowie Published by Tintoretto Music (BMI) administered by RZO Music, Inc., EMI Blackwood Music Inc. o/b/o EMI Music Publishing Ltd. (administered by Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC.) and BMG Blue on behalf of Chrysalis Music Ltd. Courtesy of RZO Music User reviews15 Review Top review 9/10 The Rise and Fall of the National Lampoon If you were living in your late teens and early 20's during the 70's, male (in most cases) there is a good chance you may have been a regular or semi-regular reader of the "National Lampoon" an outrageously funny monthly periodical of the time. A good description is that the NL was a natural progression for teenage boys when they were outgrowing "Mad" and developing some intellectual chops. The NL was screamingly funny, absolutely hilarious satire. I'll admit that when I first started reading in high school some of the stuff went over my head but one thing about the 'Poon compared to the lightweight so-called satirists of today, the overwhelming majority of whom are promoting a far left agenda - the NL was truly an equal opportunity satirist. I'm sure that most of the writers, being in their 20's and most with an Ivy League background were politically left but the 'Poon went after politicians and causes of conservatives and liberals with an equal vengeance, with Nixon and Ted Kennedy being 2 prime examples. While the NL made great sport of right wing iconic institutions like the military, big business, police, Christianity, the NRA and right to life, they also satirized virtually every ethnic group, liberal elites, homosexuals, the entire counter-culture movement, and women (plenty of tits!) Indeed, if someone would try to revive the NL in the spirit of the 70's I'd think the PC police would immediately begin to try to abolish its existence for being racist, sexist and homophobic. For those under about age 50 the National Lampoon is remembered for the movies that began in 1978 with the classic "Animal House" and then the series of "Vacation" movies, plus some others over the years not worth mentioning. The success of AH would continue the siphoning of the NL's most talented writers and performers (the NL Radio Show, which ran on Saturday evenings on a syndicated network, mostly AOR stations. Included Belushi, C Chase, Radner, Ramis and the Murray Bros.) which had begun with NBC's SNL. The NL couldn't compete with the money, fame and women that movies and TV offered their creative talent and the magazine died a slow death in the 80's. "DSBD" is a great look at this quick rise and fall of a comedy empire. helpful•9 1 BoomerDT Jul 20, 2016 Details Edit Release date September 25, 2015 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead Production companies 4th Row Films Diamond Docs History Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $62,660 Opening weekend US & Canada $5,254 Sep 27, 2015 Gross worldwide $62,660 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Color Related news Podtalk: Director Douglas Tirola Climbs ‘Bernstein’s Wall’ Nov 13HollywoodChicago.com ‘Bernstein’s Wall’ Film Review: Leonard Bernstein Doc Manages to Be Both Revelatory and Enigmatic Sep 2The Wrap Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon (2015) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.