Dude, Where's My Car? (2000) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0242423/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Dude, Where's My Car? (2000) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dude, Where's My Car? 20002000 PG-13PG-13 1h 23m IMDb RATING 5.5/10 138K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,408 163 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics ComedyMysterySci-Fi Two potheads wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car.Two potheads wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car.Two potheads wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car. IMDb RATING 5.5/10 138K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,408 163 Director Danny Leiner Writer Philip Stark Stars Ashton Kutcher Seann William Scott Jennifer Garner Top credits Director Danny Leiner Writer Philip Stark Stars Ashton Kutcher Seann William Scott Jennifer Garner See production, box office & company info 493User reviews 67Critic reviews 30Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Awards 6 nominations Photos135 Top cast Edit Ashton Kutcher Jesseas Jesse Seann William Scott Chesteras Chester Jennifer Garner Wandaas Wanda Marla Sokoloff Wilmaas Wilma Kristy Swanson Christie Boneras Christie Boner David Herman Nelsonas Nelson Hal Sparks Zoltanas Zoltan Charlie O'Connell Tommyas Tommy John Toles-Bey Mr. Pizzacolias Mr. Pizzacoli Christian Middelthon Nordic Dude #1as Nordic Dude #1 Dave Bannick Nordic Dude #2as Nordic Dude #2 (as David W. Bannick) James Vincent Jeffas Jeff (as Turtle) Bob Clendenin Zarnoffas Zarnoff (as Robert Clendenin) Mary Lynn Rajskub Zelminaas Zelmina Kevin Christy Zellneras Zellner Kristoffer Ryan Winters Zilboras Zilbor (as Kristoffer Winters) Bill Chott Big Cult Guard #1as Big Cult Guard #1 Michael Bower Big Cult Guard #2as Big Cult Guard #2 (as Michael Ray Bower) Director Danny Leiner Writer Philip Stark All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.0 Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle 6.4 Road Trip 6.6 Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay 6.4 American Pie 2 6.3 American Wedding 5.1 The Dukes of Hazzard Dude, Where's My TV? presents Ben v. Bell 5.5 Just Married 7.0 American Pie 5.3 Scary Movie 2 6.2 Scary Movie 6.6 EuroTrip Storyline Edit Roommates Jesse and Chester, both who have more than just a few cards short of a full deck, are stoner dudes who don't even do their jobs as pizza delivery guys well. They awaken one morning having little recollection of what they did the previous night, due to being wasted. They discover that their kitchen is full of prepackaged pudding, how they got all the pudding they are unaware. From a telephone message they receive, they come to the realization that at some point during the previous night they were at a party at the house of their girlfriends, twins Wanda and Wilma, and that today is their one year anniversary, which they did remember as they already bought the twins gifts. But the worst thing in not remembering what happened last night is that Jesse's car is missing. In trying to find out what happened to the car, they believe they have to recreate the feeling and mindset of last night, meaning getting wasted all over again. In trying to find the car, they, being the types that area easily distracted, get sidetracked by one item after another, most specifically the potential of having sex with hot babes (sex with which Wanda and Wilma have not yet provided them), and learning that they apparently had a suitcase filled with $200,000 last night, the suitcase and therefore the money to which they don't know what happened. During their day of discovery, they also end up encountering one group of alien wannabes, and two groups of actual aliens, all three groups who are after the continuum transfunctioner which they believe Jesse and Chester have. Jesse and Chester don't know where it is let alone what it is, but these three groups seem to be willing to do whatever necessary to get it from Jesse and Chester. In the process, Jesse and Chester may have to make decisions which may not only save their lives and those of Wanda, Wilma and their best friend Nelson, a zen-master, but that of the entire universe. But most importantly, they may actually find Jesse's car after all is said and done. —Huggo homoeroticismgiant womanbreasts growinggay kissglowing eyes411 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines After a night they can't remember, comes a day they'll never forget. Genres Comedy Mystery Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for language and some sex and drug-related humor Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Ashton Kutcher first read the script for the film, he almost turned down the role of Jesse because he found it to be "very stupid." However, when he read the "you got a tattoo" scene, he could not stop laughing and agreed to take on the part. Goofs (at around 23 mins) When Jesse and Chester are taking out the trash in their girlfriends home, Chester takes off his left shoe and sock but then picks up the bottle top with his bare right foot. Quotes [Jesse and Chester have tattoos on their backs that say "dude" and "sweet."] Jesse: Dude! You got a tattoo! Chester: So do you, dude! Dude, what does my tattoo say? Jesse: "Sweet!" What about mine? Chester: "Dude!" What does mine say? Jesse: "Sweet!" What about mine? Chester: "Dude!" What does mine say? Jesse: "Sweet!" What about mine? Chester: "Dude!" What does mine say? Jesse: "Sweet!" What about mine? Chester: "Dude!" But what does mine say? Jesse: "Sweet!" What about mine? Chester: "Dude!" What does mine say? Jesse: "S - wee - t!" What about mine? [later] Chester: [angry] "Dude!" What does mine say? Jesse: [screaming] "Sweet!" Crazy credits At the end of the credits we hear, "And then?" Alternate versions In certain Muslim countries, the homosexual kiss was cut out entirely. Connections Featured in Dude Cam (2000) Soundtracks Listen To The Music Written by David Borla and Chris Scianni Performed by Dangerman Courtesy of Dangerman User reviews493 Review Top review Totally Brainless Fun! This cheerfully brainless teen comedy is predictably crude and slapdash but also unpredictably funny. Ashton Kutcher ("That 70s Show") and Seann William Scott (Stifler in "American Pie") make an engaging pair of blissfully stoned-out, clueless slackers on a quest to find their missing car and make up with their girlfriends after waking up from a night of wild partying, of which they can't remember even ONE detail. The day takes them on a series of misadventures as they try to retrace their steps the night before and meet with a bunch of bullies, babes, sci-fi cult members and other colorful characters. Critics are sure to hate this one, but for its target audience and those who can appreciate the occasional mindless comedy that doesn't aim to do anything but make us laugh (I can and I'm nearly 40!), "Dude, Where's My Car?" delivers the goods. Fans of the classic "Bill & Ted" films should especially enjoy it. helpful•4 0 G-Man-25 Dec 15, 2000 Details Edit Release date December 15, 2000 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English Japanese French Also known as Де моя тачка, чувак? Filming locations Monrovia, California, USA Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Alcon Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $13,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $46,729,800 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,845,914 Dec 17, 2000 Gross worldwide $73,180,723 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 23 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Related news Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New On Amazon Prime Video For November 2021: Daily Listings For Streaming TV, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the French language plot outline for Dude, Where's My Car? (2000)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.