Dune: Part One (2021) - Frequently Asked Questions - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1160419/faq?ref_=tt_faq_sm
Dune: Part One (2021) - Frequently Asked Questions - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dune: Part One (2021) FAQ Add to FAQ Showing all 38 items Jump to: FAQs (18) Spoilers (20) FAQs Edit Is this a remake of David Lynch's Dune from 1984? No. Each film is an adaptation of the novel by Frank Herbert. Edit Who is playing Feyd? He's not in this movie. Since this film only covers the 1st half of the novel, it's possible that the character won't make an appearance until Part 2. Edit Who is Sharon Duncan-Brewster playing? Liet Kynes, an imperial ecologist. The role was played by Max von Sydow in the 1984 film. Edit Who is playing the Emperor? Whilst the emperor is indeed referenced, chances are he won't appear on screen until the second movie. Edit What will be the age-rating? Dune has been rated PG-13 for sequences of strong violence, some disturbing images and suggestive material, even though the script did have some R-rated sequences. Edit Is this based on a novel? Yes. This is based on the 1965 book "Dune" by Frank Herbert, which has been regarded as a source of inspiration for many other materials after it. Edit Will there be any reference to Omnius and Erasmus? Erasmus was a psychotic robot during the Butlerian Jihad. Omnius was an omniscent computer that was brought low before Paul Atreides was even born. Both those mechanical beings existed well before we had the CHOAM, the Guild, or even the organization of Houses both low and high. It's nice to reach back to the origins, but Dune the novel is a revelation of organized power, as the Atreides House takes the entire universe under control. UPDATE: Both Erasmus and Omnius are still technically around during the events of Dune as Omnius was able to escape at the Battle of Corrin. Also, since he is the primary villain of the entire Expanded Dune Universe, he should be mentioned at least. Edit Will the rock/fusion band Toto be asked to reprise their excellent soundtrack of the new Dune? I suspect that David Paich, Steve Porcaro, Steve Lukather, and Joseph Williams would love to do it. No. Hans Zimmer is composing an orchestral soundtrack, allegedly using a slew of Arabian instruments to capture the feel of the source material. Edit It's been said that Villeneuve largely relied on practical sets and real locations for his Dune adaptation, but how much practical model and miniature work went into the SFX/VFX? Answer Does Benjamin Clementine have a role in the movie? Yes, he plays the Herald Of The Change. Edit Is this based on a true story? No, it is a fictional universe set some 12000 years into the future. The events in the book/movie occur 10,000 years After Guild (AG), and they left Earth more than 2,000 years prior to that (~2200 BG). Edit This movie doesn't look like it is on track to make a profit, will a sequel still be made? Reports states that the combine cost of production and marketing is over 300 million, with a break-even even higher than that. It has made 220 million so far with a 165-million budget (not including marketing and break-even point). This also doesn't factor in HBO Max, so I would think it's doing fine for the sequel. Also worth considering is that merchandising opportunities, such as action figures based on characters, exist for the property. As Mel Brooks once said so brilliantly, merchandising! Merchandising! Merchandising! Where the *real* money from the movie is made! Look for seven-inch figures of Paul Atreides at a store near you. Edit What is "the Voice" and how does it work? Who has the power of "the Voice?" "The Voice" is an audio-neuro control mechanism that enables the manipulation of speech to achieve complete control over a receiver. It is important to note that the Voice is not telepathy, but a method that utilizes sound. It is perfected by the Bene Gesserit through the combined training of several advanced techniques. It can be learned with the right training, so that effectively means other than Paul, who was trained by his mother, that only Bene Gesserit have the power, training only members of their organization. Edit Where did Jason Momoa's character go do when he was debriefing Leto? Answer When will Part 2 release? The sequel is currently planned to be released in late 2023. Edit Who was considered for the part of the Duke Leto Atrides besides Mr. Isaac? Answer is king lion based on dune because i see a lot of similarities Most science fiction, fantasy, and futurist stories that came after the 1965 release of the book, Dune, derive from Dune in some way. Think of "The One" in the Matrix, a society that has been taken over by an artificial intelligence (AI). In Dune, if you read the books, Paul is "the One" in a society that has outlawed AI after barely winning a war against thinking machines. That's just one example. There are many. Edit Who voices the recordings that Paul listens to to learn about Arrakis? Answer Spoilers Edit The FAQ items below may give away important plot points. Will there be sequels? Dune is currently planned as a two-part series. The first movie ends shortly after Paul and Jessica escape the attack on House Atreides. The second film will tell the rest of the story. Edit How much of the first book's storyline is covered in this film? This movie is the first half of the adaptation. It will cover 2/3rd of the book. Edit Will this Dune adaptation be based solely on Frank Herbert's original novels, or will the expanded universe novels by Kevin J. Anderson and Brian Herbert be used as well? As Denis Villeneuve is being quite secretive about this massive and ambitious cinematic undertaking, who can tell? However, reportedly I heard back when the movie was announced that Villeneuve wants to adapt more than just the original novel, but the sequels as well. Given that there is a spin-off television/streaming series in production called 'Dune: The Sisterhood', it will probably feature material that isn't in the original novel but in Frank Herbert's sequels as well as the expanded universe novels by Kevin J. Anderson and Brian Herbert. Edit Will Paul's older and younger brothers be, at least, referenced? Paul had a younger sister, Saint Alia Atreides of the knife. She is born in the middle of the book, so it's highly unlikely she would appear in this first instalment. Brothers, he had not. UPDATE: According to the Dune Fandom Wiki, Duke Leto Atreides WAS married to another woman before he met Jessica, and with that woman he had a son named Victor Atreides who died when he was six years old. So, Paul did have a half-brother who preceded him. Edit Will the Subplot from John Harrison's mini-series revolving around Princess Irulan be a part of this story? No. She is not present in the first movie and though she is referenced in the movie, she does not have any involvement in the plot and her narrative has been in many ways taken over bythe character Chani. There is no hint to her involvement in the second movie. So her role is unknown at this point. Edit How many people have tried to adapt Dune? At least seven attempts have been made since Frank Herbert published it. The original attempt was by Arthur P. Jacobs who wanted renowned director David Lean to direct. The most famous -- and second -- unsuccessful attempt to make Dune was by Alejandro Jodorowsky, an arthouse-surrealist-filmmaker from Chile who essentially launched the Midnight Movie movement with midnight showings of his strange western known as El Topo. The extremely ambitious process of how he tried to adapt Dune is documented in Frank Pavitch's 2013 documentary 'Jodorowsky's Dune'. However, Jodorowsky's ambitious screenplay would have resulted in a single film almost fifteen hours long with an unusual and star-studded cast and extensive special effects, which easily would have caused the budget of the film to skyrocket. After Jodorowsky, the rights were bought by the De Laurentiis company, who originally wanted Ridley Scott to direct. Ridley was all set to direct, but he left after a family tragedy involving one of his brothers. There has also been a long-standing rumor that the screenplay that Ridley Scott had approved had a willing incestual relationship between Paul Atreides and his mother, Jessica, but Scott has stated that there is no truth to that rumor. The first official adaptation of Dune was directed by David Lynch, produced by the De Laurentiis Company and released in 1984. It was seen as a success for some and an absolute disaster by others, most notably Lynch himself (who considered it his first true failure of his career) and Jodorowsky as well (who, in an interview in the Pavitch Documentary, was happy when Lynch's Dune failed). Reportedly, Lynch had written several drafts for the film, and much like Villeneuve, was interested in shooting only the first part of the book, covering only the Fall of House Atreides on Arrakis. The most recent adaptation of Dune was a mini-series adaptation for the SyFy channel by a television director named John Harrison. While it was incredibly low-budget in terms of special effects, the Harrison mini-series was quite close to the original text by Frank Herbert (though it did completely eliminate the subplot with Thufir Hawat being forced to work for the Harkonnens following the fall of House Atreides.) and was one of SyFy's most successful franchises, resulting in a sequel mini-series that adapted Dune Messiah and Children of Dune and was titled after the latter of those two books in the series. Also, Pierre Morel and Peter Berg were recently attached to direct an adaptation of Dune before production began on Villeneuve's version. Edit Will the twist about the Lady Jessica being the Baron's daughter be featured in this movie? Hopefully, yes, since Jessica is revealed at the end of the first part of the novel that she is the daughter of Baron Vladimir Harkonnen as a result of a spice-trance-vision that Paul goes into, not near the climax of the story like John Harrison's mini-series did or not even mentioned at all like in David Lynch's movie adaptation of Dune. Edit Will the Baron bring in Feyd and Rabban? The Baron's other nephew Feyd is not present in this adaptation and it centers around his brother Rabban. Sadly the iconic "Bring in Feyd and Rabban" is not uttered in this movie. The (possible) sequel to this movie will cover the second part of the Dune novel, and will most likely introduce Feyd, Rabban, and more of the Baron's scheming with the Emperor. Edit Why do they wear the shields if they can still die from being hit by a poison dart like Leto? The shield protects against fast moving objects, bullets for example. Shields also slow down slower penetrating weapons like blades and darts, allowing the user some time to deal with them. Unfortunately for Leto, he is hit from behind with a dart that slowly forces its way into his body. Because he was hit in his back, he is unable to reach the dart to stop it. The dart might also be a modified weapon making it more powerful in velocity. During one of his hand-to-hand fights, Duncan is hit with a dart while wearing his shield but it hits him in front and he's able -- due to his training and its position -- to slash it away with one of his blades. In the 1984 film, Duncan is killed during the Harkonnen invasion while wearing his shield. He is shot with what looks like a large screw that's powerful enough to bore its way through his shield and into his skull. In the same film, Leto is tending to Mapes when he's hit by a dart shot by Doctor Yueh, but it happens before he can activate his shield. The same scene plays almost identically in the original novel. The scene was probably changed for the 2021 film to be more dramatic. Edit Why are they fighting over the spice? What does it do? It expands the mind (intelligence) and also the body (longevity). As it is essential for the training of Guild navigators, the only beings able to perform the calculations for space travel, it is the most valuable resource in the known galaxy. Without the navigators and their power to "fold space" the far-flung planets of the known universe would be unreachable. Edit Who is the lady the Paul keeps seeing in his dreams? Chani, a young Fremen woman. Edit How much of the book does this movie actually cover? Is it at least 50%? Barely over a third of the novel, and much of the story is left out. The movie ends after Paul kills Jamis in a knife fight. Edit Explain the "hand in the box" scene and what it means. All women who enter the Bene Gesserit order must take the Gom Jabbar test. The goal of the test is to see if a person's awareness is stronger than their instincts. If they are aware, as a result of their training, they can control the impulse and instinct to jerk their hand out of the box and avoid the pain. If they do not, they are killed by the poison in the tip of the Gom Jabbar needle held to their neck. Edit How did the House of Harkonnen lose control of the planet Arrakis in the first place? Glossu Rabban (Dave Bautista) is a brutal ruler who is also a bit of an idiot and is unable to grasp the full extent of his uncle's plans to take control of the Imperium. He misinterpreted his uncle's orders to control the population and was utterly savage to them as well as hunting the Fremen for sport. These actions alone were enough to get the Fremen to start rebelling against the Harkonnens. Also, the Harkonnens and the Atreides have long been at each other's throats since the days of the Butlerian Jihad. The Harkonnens, once one of the proudest warrior houses of the League of Nobles, were eventually humiliated by House Atreides, who were originally workers for the Synchronized Worlds under Omnius. The Emperor used their feud as a cover to make it look like the Harkonnens had taken back Arrakis from the Atreides and he was not involved. In the book and other productions, also, the Sardaukar terror-troopers were disguised as Harkonnen soldiers when House Atreides falls. Edit Why did Leto risk taking his son to the planet Arrakis if he knew the deal was a fake and knew they would be betrayed? The Emperor ordered Duke Leto to take control of Arrakis as his fief, so he had no choice to obey as he clearly states - when he's read the Emperor's orders by the Herald of the Change - "We are House Atreides, there is no call we do not answer, there is no faith that we betray, the Emperor asks us to bring peace to Arrakis, House Atreides accepts." Duke Leto was not aware it was a trap. However, even though they prepared their security measures -- which are formidable -- for any contingency, they didn't count on betrayal by someone in their inner circle -- Doctor Yueh, one of their most trusted members -- and so were wiped out except for Paul, Lady Jessica, Duncan Idaho - who sacrifices himself to give Paul and Lady Jessica a chance to escape - and Gurney Halleck who is rumored to have also survived and later joins Paul and Lady Jessica with the Fremen. Edit Why does Paul not inform his father of a possible attack when he has premonitions of a giant battle on Arrakis? Shouldn't he be suspicious? Paul's visions are far from perfectly accurate and early on in the book and the movie he struggles to understand them. Also, both in books and movies he often sees multiple futures and he has to carefully navigate the flows of time to avoid those things he sees as disasters. While not explicitly mentioned it is possible that he believed that warning his father may result in an even worse outcome. Also, in the books he does try to warn his father, in a way, but is unable to explain how he knows this and where the danger will come from. Edit If the Giant Sandworms are attracted to loud noise and rumble, why didn't they show up during the sneak attack? The city is behind the Shield Wall which they can't penetrate. It is a natural ridge of rock thousands of miles long and hundreds of feet high sitting on a deep base. Furthermore, the sandworms aren't attracted to "loud noise and rumble" but rather rhythmic patterns of sound. In the novel and the 1984 film, the wall is breached when Paul attacks Arakeen. They use "atomics" to blast a large gap in the shield wall near Arakeen to allow his Fremen army and the sandworms they commandeer into the capitol. Edit What happened to Josh Brolin's character? His character, Gurney Halleck, who is House Atreides "Warmaster", is rumored to have survived the attack and later joins Paul and Lady Jessica and fights against the forces of House Harkonnen with the help of the Fremen in Arrakis. In the books he joins a band of spice smugglers and works with them until he chances upon Paul and reunites with him. He then joins Paul's and the Fremen's crusade to take Arrakis back from the Harkonnens. Edit How is the process of folding space represented? First, the concept of folding space or "foldspace" as it's officially known, is to travel through space by creating something of a wormhole in the fabric of space time -- traveling at speeds that are almost incomprehensible in our time. It involves bringing worlds or stars closer together by "folding" the space between them. The spice itself is what gives Guild Navigators the ability to calculate where to send a ship into space so it reaches its destination safely. If they didn't have this prescient power, ships could be lost in the far reaches of space or it would take thousands of years, even if the ship could travel at the speed of light. By the time the story begins in 10,191, space exploration had long since developed and evolved to accomplish this type of travel, especially when the spice was discovered on Arrakis. In the 1984 film and the 2000 Syfy miniseries, large, cylindrical ships called Guild Heighliners would allow for smaller ships to dock in them and a navigator aboard the giant vessel would use their power to fold space between planets, allowing the Heighliner to travel instantly from one planet to the destination planet. One explanation that's quickly gained notice with fans is that the large cylinder that that Reverend Mother Mohiam's little craft emerges from at Caladan is a foldspace tunnel that acts as a portal from her homeworld, Wallach IX, the blue planet her ship departs. If you look carefully inside the tunnel when she arrives, you can still see a portion of Wallach IX. Other cylinders like that one are visible when the Atreides fleet arrives on Arrakis and when the Harkonnens attack. Edit whats the name of the power that isaacs uses to kill the guards Answer See also Awards | User Reviews | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews Dune: Part One Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Done a list of 23 titles created 2 weeks ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago VUS a list of 28 titles created 1 month ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.