Dune: Part One (2021) - Plot keywords - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1160419/keywords?ref_=tt_stry_kw
Dune: Part One (2021) - Plot keywords - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Dune: Part One (2021) Plot Keywords Sort By: Relevance Alphabetical Showing all 380 plot keywords desert 5 of 5 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No sand 4 of 4 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No chosen one 4 of 4 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No based on novel 4 of 4 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No dune 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No feudalism 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No heir 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No messiah 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No year 10191 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No prophetic dream 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No prophecy 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No begins with voice over narration 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No interstellar travel 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No nootropic drug 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No prescience 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No future 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No empire 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No sandworm 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hallucinogenic drug 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No doctor 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No mother son relationship 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spy 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No premonition 3 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No adaptation 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No duke 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No nobility</a> 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No desert planet 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No science fantasy 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No destiny 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No giant creature 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No giant worm 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No title same as book 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No mind control 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No set up for a sequel 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No father son relationship 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No distant future 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No psychedelic drug 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No emperor 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No politics 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fictional drug 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No dream 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No training 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No bare chested male 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No male nudity 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No laser cutter 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No garden 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No tent 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No leadership 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No twin moon 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No binoculars 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No beach 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No scroll 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No priestess 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No subtitled scene 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No bilingualism 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No sign language 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No stabbed in the chest 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No stabbed in the shoulder 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No epic battle 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No compass 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No gadget 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No traitor 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No coming of age 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No dagger 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No disarming someone 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No conspiracy 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No body armor 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No loss of father 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No heavy rain 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No battle 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No battlefield 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No combat 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No corpse 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No dead body 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No ensemble cast 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No test 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No teenage boy 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No gas mask 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No bound and gagged 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No blue eyes 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No massacre 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No bagpipes 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No palm tree 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fire 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No gardener 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No aerial camera shot 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No exploration 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No alien 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No pregnancy 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No muscleman 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No voice over narration 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No color blind casting 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No interracial couple 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No high tech suit 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fictional language 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No refinery 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No walled city 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No reverend mother 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No poison gas 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No coup d'etat 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No child prodigy 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No tunnel 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No space pod 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No faith 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No temple 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No blood on shirt 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No culture clash 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No projector 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No glow stick 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No death of father 2 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No space opera 3 of 4 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No remake 2 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No mining 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No concubine 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No betrayal 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No alien planet 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fictional war 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No mineral 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No creature 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No army 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No laser gun 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No laser 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No galaxy 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No first part 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No recurring dream 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No treason 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hallucinogen 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No gag 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No part one 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No cliffhanger 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No muscle 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No muscular man 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No space adventure 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No epic film 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No heroic adventure 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No disrupted by covid 19 pandemic 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No invented language 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spice trade 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spice harvester 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spice production 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spice harvesting 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spice refinery 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No psychoactive chemical 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No heat 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No outsider 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spaceship explosion 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No oppressor 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fighting skills 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No extreme temperature 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hostile life outside the city 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No native tribe 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No adapt to survive 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No giant sandworm 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No clamoring masses 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No bullfighting 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No mining spice 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spaceship pilot 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No weapons master 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No invented sign language 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No chanting crowd 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No poison needle 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No impulse control 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No powerful mind 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No shield wall 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No ancient tongue 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No witch 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No sacred knife 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No magnetic field 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No pregnant woman 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No death by poisoning 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No holy war 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fanatical 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No avant garde 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No suspense 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No far future 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No power struggle 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No warrior race 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No violence 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No kidnapping 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hostage 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No escape 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No mouse 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No double cross 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No blood 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No ambush 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No near death experience 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No race against time 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No survival 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No surrealism 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No slow motion scene 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No self sacrifice 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No giant monster 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No monster 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No alien monster 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No alien creature 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No baron 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No evil baron 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No obese man 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No albino 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No bald man 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No assassin 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No assassination attempt 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No soldier 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No ecologist 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No body suit 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No suit of armor 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No forcefield 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hologram 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No drone 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No telepathy 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No supernatural power 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No levitation 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spacecraft 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spaceship 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spaceport 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No space battle 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No space war 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No outer space 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No space travel 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hearing voices 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No ornithopter 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No chase 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No crash landing 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No sandstorm 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No duststorm 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No spice 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No drug 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hallucination 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No vision 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No glowing eyes 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No beard 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No poison 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No poison dart 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No self mutilation 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No pilot 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No missile launcher 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No library 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No on the run 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No explosion 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No exploding ship 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No exploding building 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No tribe 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No leader 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No moon 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No knife throwing 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No knife fight 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No epic 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No brawl 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No hand to hand combat 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No stabbed in the back 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No stabbed to death 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fight to the death 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No fighting 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No dual wield 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No general 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No warrior 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No wealth 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No arrakis 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No manipulation 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No ring 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No priest 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No title spoken by character 1 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No planetary romance 1 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No mind reading 1 of 2 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No trap Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No one word title Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No planet Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No survive Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No enemy Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No weapon Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No knife Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No fight Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No kaiju Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No no opening credits Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No cruelty Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No rich Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No gunshot Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No advance team Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No alliance Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No jealous man Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No patriotic music Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No revelation Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No meditation music Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No honor Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No strategy meeting Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No responsibility Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No missile attack Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No death by knife Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No superstition Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No challenge Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No open ended Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No visceral Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No title at the end Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No electronic music score Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No beetle Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No power Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No murder Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No death Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No brutality Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No mercilessness Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No held at gunpoint Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No rescue Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No deception Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No blood splatter Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No fear Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No danger Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No attempted murder Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No good versus evil Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No opening action scene Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No one against many Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No eaten alive Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No evil man Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No obesity Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No mercenary Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No secret society Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No ocean planet Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No water Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No destruction Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No bombardment Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No healing Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No missile Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No exploding body Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No female doctor Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No tribal leader Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No sword fight Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No threatened with a knife Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No fistfight Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No martial arts Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No mixed martial arts Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No throat slitting Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No stabbed in the arm Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No sword Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No dreadlocks Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No graveyard Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No cemetery Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No bravery Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No courage Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No sniper Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No pistol Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No gun Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No sabotage Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No darkness Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No chaos Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No flashback Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No montage Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No reverse footage Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No repeated line Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No teenager Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No woman fights a man Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No prologue Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No revenge Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No character repeats someone else's dialogue Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No jealousy Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No nontraditional casting Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No psychedelic Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No council Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No super soldier Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No kiss Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No stabbed in the side Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No stylized violence Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No bomb Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No suspicion Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No redemption Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No anger Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No painting Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No rope Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No laboratory Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No secret laboratory Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No space western Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No punched in the face Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No punched in the chest Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No kicked in the stomach Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No parachute Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No umbrella Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No knocked unconscious Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No based on book Is this relevant? Relevant? Yes No psychotronic film 0 of 3 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No 102nd century 0 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No quicksand 0 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No surprise ending 0 of 1 found this relevant Relevant? Yes No See also Taglines | Plot Summary | Synopsis | Parents Guide Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Dune: Part One Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Done a list of 23 titles created 2 weeks ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago VUS a list of 28 titles created 1 month ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.