Dune: Part One (2021) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1160419/trivia/?ref_=tt_trv_trv
Dune: Part One (2021) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Dune: Part One (2021) Trivia Showing all 56 items Jump to: Spoilers (4) Composer Hans Zimmer is a big fan of the novel Dune, and turned down working with frequent collaborator Christopher Nolan on Tenet (2020) to score this film. For the same reason, Denis Villeneuve was the top choice but turned down the offer to direct the Bond film No Time to Die (2021). 2,344 of 2,366 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options David Lynch, director of the previous Dune (1984), stated that he has "zero interest in Dune (2021)". He cited that his issues with the new movie have nothing to do with director Denis Villeneuve but with his own painful memories of making the 1984 version: "Because it was a heartache for me. It was a failure and I didn't have final cut. I've told this story a billion times. It's not the film I wanted to make. I like certain parts of it very much - but it was a total failure for me." 951 of 960 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve confirmed in a Vanity Fair article that his adaptation of Dune will be split into two films in order to ensure that the original story would be "preserved and not cut into a million pieces." However, contrary to the common practice of filming several installments back to back, only the first movie (which roughly covers the first half of the source novel) was greenlit and produced, with an optional sequel depending on how well the first film performed. A sequel was green lit on the Tuesday after the filmed opened. 2,212 of 2,240 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Adapting Dune for the big screen has been a lifelong dream of Denis Villeneuve, ever since he learned about David Lynch's cult classic Dune (1984) from the magazines Fantastic Films and Starlog, and read Frank Herbert's novel when he was around twelve years old. He wanted to make a faithful adaptation, so he waited until he'd done sci-fi films Arrival (2016) and Blade Runner 2049 (2017) first so that he would have sufficient experience in the genre before starting work on Dune (2021). In fact, scenes from his prior films are strongly influenced by his interpretations of scenes from the novel. 1,358 of 1,377 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In an interview with Empire Magazine, director Denis Villeneuve described the year-long process that went into designing the massive sandworms, the most iconic creatures of the Dune saga: "We talked about every little detail that would make such a beast possible, from the texture of the skin, to the way the mouth opens, to the system to eat its food in the sand. It was a year of work to design and to find the perfect shape that looked prehistoric enough." 791 of 805 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve saw Baron Vladimir Harkonnen (Stellan Skarsgård) as a "rhino in human form," and so Skarsgård had to spend seven hours a day applying makeup for his role as the Baron. 724 of 738 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The scenes on the ocean world of Caladan were shot in Stadlandet, Norway. Much of the desert scenes on the desert world of Arrakis were shot in Jordan and Abu Dhabi, in the Middle East. 681 of 695 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This film sports a distinctly Arabic theme, in keeping with author Frank Herbert having used Islamic culture as an influence for his story. 727 of 746 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options A spin-off prequel series titled Dune: The Sisterhood was announced for HBO Max while the film was being promoted. Originally, Dune writer Jon Spaihts was announced as showrunner, but he stepped down to focus on writing Dune: Part Two (2023) instead. 353 of 360 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first full trailer for the film features a version of Pink Floyd's "Eclipse" by composer Hans Zimmer. This is a nod to director Alejandro Jodorowsky's proposed adaptation of Dune in the 1970s, for which he wanted the band to write the score. 641 of 658 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Warners Bros. announced that the movie will be streamed on HBO Max just as it hits the theaters. Director Denis Villeneuve has voiced his displeasure, claiming that the studio "might have just killed the film" and that "streaming can produce great content, but not movies of Dune's scope and scale. Warner Bros.' decision means Dune won't have the chance to perform financially in order to be viable and piracy will ultimately triumph. [...] My team and I devoted more than three years of our lives to make it a unique big screen experience. Our movie's image and sound were meticulously designed to be seen in theaters." Although Villeneuve also expressed concerns that releasing the film on streaming would kill its box office potential, and thereby the viability of the proposed sequel Dune: Part Two (2023), Warner Bros has given assurances that the sequel will be greenlit as long as the movie performs well on HBO Max. 889 of 917 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Although not mentioned in the movie, the Great Houses originally come from Earth, explaining the use of Latin terms (such as 'Bene Gesserit', meaning 'well done', and the name Gaius), the Scandinavian word 'Landsraad', and the Dutch name 'De Vries'. Although they live on planet Caladan, the Atreides family has their roots in Earth's Greece, where the Minoan civilization was strongly associated with the bull-creature Minotaurus. This may explain the Atreides' use of bull imagery and the implication that Paul's grandfather died in a bullfight. In the extended universe, an ancient Atreides ancestor had traced his lineage back to the Greek King Atreus, a character mentioned in the Greek Iliad. He adopted the surname 'Atreides', which literally means 'son of Atreus'. 494 of 510 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Sting was considered for a cameo/small role in this film after he starred as Feyd-Rautha in David Lynch's Dune (1984). The character ended up omitted from the 2021 adaptation. 500 of 519 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In Dune (1984), all the Harkonnen were depicted as red-haired. In this movie they are all depicted as bald. 357 of 373 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fight coordinator Roger Yuan based the fighting style of House Atreides on Filipino martial arts. To make House Harkonnen seem barbaric he based their fighting style on ancient Mongolian fighting styles. According to Yuan the Sardaukar in this adaptation are inspired by two different warrior cultures: the samurai of feudal Japan and the úlfhéðnar guard of the Norwegian king Harald Fairhair. The samurai-influence being the Sardaukar's fighting style and that they are also an elite military caste, while the úlfhéðnar-influence is the Sardaukar as a fanatical warrior cult practicing blood sacrifice and blood anointment before battle. 267 of 278 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve's plans for Dune: Part One (2021) are quite ambitious, as he hopes to make it the Star Wars he never saw. In an interview, he explained that most of the main ideas of Star Wars (1977) came from Dune, so it will be a challenge to tackle this project. Villeneuve even said, "In a way, it's Star Wars for adults." Oscar Isaac, who plays Duke Leto Atreides in the film, played Poe Dameron in Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens (2015), Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi (2017), and Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019), and voiced Poe in Star Wars: Resistance (2018). 1,379 of 1,465 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This film takes a number of liberties with costuming. The stillsuits of the Fremen were designed to capture all moisture and included a mask that covered the mouth. This would have been difficult on film, as one could not see the mouths of characters when speaking. Another liberty is in the stillsuits being of a dark color. This makes the actors much more visible to the camera, whereas the suits in the book were of a color that made it easier to hide. 243 of 254 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The helmets of the Harkonnen soldiers were based on the heads of insects. 66 of 67 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve previously directed Blade Runner 2049 (2017) for producer Ridley Scott. Scott was at one point planning to direct an adaptation of Dune. His own film Alien (1979) was written by Dan O'Bannon and designed by H.R. Giger, Chris Foss, Jean 'Moebius' Giraud, and Ron Cobb - all of whom had met each other while working on Alejandro Jodorowsky's failed Dune adaptation, and brought much of their design works from that project to Alien. 479 of 512 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve's first time producing one of his films. 550 of 590 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The story takes place in the year 10,191 After Guild (AG) of the Universal Standard Calendar (USC). In the books, the USC starts from the moment where the Spacing Guild enabled interstellar travel, and from several clues in the first book's appendices, this occurred somewhere in the 14th millennium (some estimates say around 13,161 AD). This would mean that the movie takes place somewhere around 23,352 AD. However, apart from such assumptions, the books also mention that a standard year in the USC is 20 hours shorter than an Earth year, and no mention is made of leap years, so it remains a rough estimate. 271 of 288 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Rebecca Ferguson plays the mother of Timothée Chalamet despite being only 12 years older than him. 330 of 355 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cinematographer Greig Fraser revealed that though the film was originally shot digitally on the ARRI Alexa LF, director Denis Villeneuve transferred the picture onto 35mm film and then scanned the film back to digital. 265 of 285 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's clothing is based on Dune (1984): the Harkonnen soldiers wear bulky green armor, the Atreides workers wear black uniforms with high collars and kepi caps, and the Sardaukar wear full pressure suits (while in the book they wore regular military uniforms and helmets). 216 of 233 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Sardaukar army's chants feature a peculiar vocal technique called "throat singing" or "overtone singing". While its use is attested in traditions from all over the world (with the best known examples coming from Mongolian, Tibetan and Northern European traditions), one of the best known singing styles to employ it in the Mediterranean area is "cantu a tenore", unique to the Barbagia region of Sardinia. The similarity between the Italian island's name and that of the Sardaukar people suggest this might be an intentional choice. 276 of 301 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve's first film to be shot on large format cameras and with Panavision lenses. 247 of 270 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actor Timothée Chalamet was 23 when he played Paul Atreides, two years younger than Kyle MacLachlan when he played the same role in Dune (1984). In the novel, Paul was 15 years old. 521 of 582 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve's third consecutive science fiction film after Arrival (2016) and Blade Runner 2049 (2017). 596 of 669 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This will be the third screen adaptation of Frank Herbert's epic science fiction novel of the same name, after David Lynch's Dune (1984) and the SyFy miniseries Dune (2000). An early attempt by director Alejandro Jodorowsky in the early 1970s failed to materialize due to prohibitive costs. 319 of 356 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Many pieces of Atreides furniture portray a bull. Leto's father, Paulus, fought bulls to impress his people, as his namesake grandson Paul points out. This is portrayed in the novel Dune: House Atreides. Paulus was also assassinated when his concubine arranged for the bull to be drugged. The lettering on Paulus's grave is Greek, since House Atreides is itself of Greek ancestry. They take their name from the House of Atreus. In the Prelude to Dune trilogy, it is stated that House Atriedes traced its ancestry back to the ancient House of Atreus, including King Agamemnon. Paul's middle name, Orestes, also pays homage to this. In the Legends of Dune trilogy, it is revealed that a cymek warlord took the name Agamemnon, and gave his only son, Vorian, the surname Atreides. 79 of 85 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options #1 on Letterboxd's Most Anticipated list as of January 2021. It has maintained this spot for over a year. 361 of 424 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The character of Liet Kynes, portrayed by Sharon Duncan-Brewster, has been gender-swapped from the books. He was previously portrayed by Max von Sydow in Dune (1984) and by Karel Dobrý (as Dr. Pardot Kynes/Liet) in the mini-series Dune (2000). 269 of 314 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Many parallels of Islamic theology can be noted as referenced by novelist Frank Herbert. 71 of 81 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The producers wanted Emma Roberts to play the role of Princess Irulan, but the star gave up because of the busy schedule. 249 of 311 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options At one point, Peter Jackson expressed interest in directing a new film adaptation of Dune. 412 of 534 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The plot of "Dune" shares many similarities to Shakespeare's "Henry V." A callow youth ascends to the throne and is matured by personal loss and hardened by battle. Timothee Chalamet portrayed Henry V in "The King" in 2019. 42 of 51 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Very little is seen of the Guild Navigators. The film does not show whatever happens in the jump from star to star. 69 of 88 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Rabban is a distaff surname, his unused first name being Glossu. His father and the Baron's younger brother, Abulurd Harkonnen changed his last name to that of his wife's. This was his way of disowning the tainted Harkonnen name. Upon Abulurd's death, Glossu would establish House Rabban as a sub-house of House Harkonnen, gladly assisting them in their shady operations. 41 of 51 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Javier Bardem is now the third Bond villain actor to play the character of Stilgar in a Dune adaptation, having appeared in Skyfall (2012); he follows Octopussy (1983)'s Steven Berkoff in Children of Dune (2003) and Licence to Kill (1989)'s Everett McGill in Dune (1984). Max von Sydow also played Liet-Kynes in Dune (1984) and Bond archenemy, Blofeld, in the unofficial Bond film, Never Say Never Again (1983). Likewise, Dave Bautista also played a Bond villain in Spectre (2015) as Hinx. 198 of 272 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options On Monday, October 5th, 2020 Warner Bros. announced that the film would be delayed from December 18th, 2020 to October 1st, 2021. 126 of 177 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to Denis Villeneuve, most of the main cast who featured were his top choices except for some of them. Zendaya was ultimately cast as Chani from the auditions after she was judged to have the best character chemistry with Timothée Chalamet. Chang Chen got the role of Dr. Yueh by chance after an encounter with Villeneuve at the 2018 Cannes film festival. Josh Brolin eventually got the part of Gurney after being suggested to meet Villeneuve by Legendary Pictures CEO Thomas Tull while pitching a project of his own to the company. 16 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options David Dastmalchian's third movie with director Denis Villeneuve, following Prisoners (2013) and Blade Runner 2049 (2017). 89 of 127 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film was leaked online in 17 October, 2021 ahead of its October 22 American premiere. 88 of 137 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Reunites Josh Brolin (Gurney Halleck) and Javier Bardem (Stilgar) on-screen 14 years after starring in No Country for Old Men (2007). 69 of 115 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Similar to Tenet (2020) and Birds of Prey: And the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn (2020), Warner Bros. released an exclusive teaser trailer only in theaters before releasing an official trailer online. 119 of 213 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the first Dune adaptation to be filmed In IMAX, with IMAX-certified ARRI Alexa LF & Mini LF cameras, unlike previous adaptations, which were filmed in Todd-AO 35 for Dune (1984) and Univisium 2:1 for Dune (2000). 84 of 148 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Premiered 101 years after Frank Herbert's birth, 56 years after Herbert's first Dune novel, 37 years after Dune (1984), and 21 years after Dune (2000). 118 of 219 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Denis Villeneuve has revisited Dune (1984) and continued Blade Runner (1982). Sean Young played the main character's love interest in both films back in the 80's. 57 of 104 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In 2007 Paramount began development on a proposed film adaptation of Dune. Peter Berg joined as director in 2008 with Joshua Zetumer as screenwriter. Berg subsequently dropped out to make Battleship (2012). Pierre Morel then took over as director, with Chase Palmer writing a new script. Morel also dropped out of the film in November 2010 and in 2011 Paramount put the project in turnaround as the rights had lapsed. 43 of 78 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The cast features one Oscar winner (Javier Bardem) and three Oscar nominees (Josh Brolin, Timothée Chalamet, and Charlotte Rampling). 156 of 350 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Stellan Skarsgård and Rebecca Ferguson are the second and third Swedes to appear in an adaptation of Dune. Max von Sydow previously appeared in David Lynch's film Dune (1984). Skarsgård also appeared in Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist (2005) and Exorcist: The Beginning (2004), as the younger version of Von Sydow's character from The Exorcist (1973). 123 of 421 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actors Jason Momoa and Dave Bautista also star together in season 2 of the Apple TV+ series See (2019). 69 of 254 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spoilers The trivia items below may give away important plot points. Baron Harkonnen calls Duke Leto "cousin," implying they are family. In the expanded universe of Dune, as part of the Bene Gesserit plan to beget the Kwisatz Haderach, the Reverend Mother requested a child from Baron Vladimir Harkonnen. He brutally raped her and impregnated her with Lady Jessica, who later became Paul Atreides' mother, making Paul the Baron's grandson. Furthermore, after the rape, the Reverend Mother infected the Baron with a disease that caused his extreme obesity. Due to this, the Baron can no longer walk and has to resort to floating devices. 635 of 652 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options French-Icelandic actor Tómas Lemarquis appears prominently in concept art as a Harkonnen soldier. Lemarquis has condition known as alopecia universalis which renders him completely hairless, which is a feature of all inhabitants of Giedi Prime in this adaptation. Dora Kápolnai-Schvab and Joelle who play the Baron's servants have the same condition. Lemarquis appeared in Denis Villeneuve's previous film Blade Runner 2049 (2017) but not in this film. Because of this, some fans has theorized that Lemarquis will play the character of Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen (who does not appear in this film) in an eventual sequel. 167 of 178 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the third time David Dastmalchian (Piter De Vries) get killed off in Denis Villeneuve's movie after Prisoners and Blade Runner 2049 66 of 84 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The plot of the full 155 minutes of this movie is told in 98 of the 137 minutes of the original Dune (1984), and in 104 of the 270 minutes of the mini-series Dune (2000) (all of the first episode and 14 minutes of the second episode). 217 of 300 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Dune: Part One Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Done a list of 23 titles created 2 weeks ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago VUS a list of 28 titles created 1 month ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.