Dune: Part One (2021) - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1160419/news/?ref_=tt_nwr_sm
Dune: Part One (2021) - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dune: Part One (2021) News ‘Eternals’ Tops U.K. Box Office, ‘No Time to Die’ Continues Blockbuster Business 16 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety Disney release “Eternals” continued to rule the U.K. and Ireland box office for the second weekend in succession with £2.9 million ($3.9 million), according to numbers released by Comscore. The latest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, directed by Oscar winner Chloé Zhao, now has a total of £10.5 million after two weekends. James Bond film “No Time to Die,” from Universal, continued its blockbuster business with £1.5 million in second position after seven weekends and now has a mighty total of £92.7 million. In its fourth weekend, Warner Bros.’ epic adaptation of Frank Herbert’s “Dune,” placed third with £1.17 and has now grossed £18.9 million. Eros STX’s Princess Diana film “Spencer,” starring Kristen Stewart, collected £698,065 in its second weekend in fourth place and now has a total of £1.5 million. Rounding off the top five was Universal’s “The Boss Baby: Family Business,” which collected £574,219 in its fourth weekend and has a total of £6.4 million. See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this New SNL Writers on Season 47: ‘Please Don’t Destroy’ Makes Resounding Debut 16 November 2021 by Mireille Karadanaian Hollywood Insider Photo: New SNL Saturday Night Live is in its 47th season this year, the long-running and highly successful late-night comedy show acting as a staple in the entertainment industry. The premiere episode, which aired earlier this month, teased a cast of new writers, who are to join SNL and redefine the new generation of actors and producers. Ten new writers have been hired for this season, the team now including names like Mike Dicenzo, former Fallon writer, and Alex English, a performer from ‘That Damn Michael Che.’ Most notably, an internet sensation is known as ‘Please Don’t Destroy,’ made up of three talented writers and creators who have been blowing up recently. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Bond Related See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this Deadline’s Contenders Film: Los Angeles Streaming Site Is Live 16 November 2021 by The Deadline Team Deadline Deadline has launched the streaming site for Contenders Film: Los Angeles, featuring the full panels from all 31 buzzy awards-season movies that made up Sunday’s all-day showcase at the DGA Theater. Jennifer Hudson, Kristen Stewart, Javier Bardem, Adam McKay, Lady Gaga, Mahershala Ali, Nicole Kidman, Ben Affleck, Benedict Cumberbatch, Kenneth Branagh, Pedro Almodóvar, Penélope Cruz, Simon Rex, Marlee Matlin, Andrew Garfield and Dakota Johnson were among the stars and creatives taking part in the presentations, marking Deadline’s official kickoff to the movie awards season. Click here to go to the streaming site. The A-list lineup chatted up a strong selection of film that featured Being the Ricardos, The Tender Bar, The Tragedy of Macbeth, Coda, Belfast, Sing 2, House of Gucci, Licorice Pizza, Spencer, Respect, The Power of the Dog, Don’t Look Up, tick,tick…Boom!, The Lost Daughter, Parallel Mothers, King Richard, Dune, Mass, I’m Your Man, The Electrical Life of Louis Wain, See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Joe Pera Returns To Talk With Us 16 November 2021 by Brianna Benozich Hollywood Insider Photo: Joe Pera Introduction ‘Joe Pera Talks With You’ isn’t like anything else on Adult Swim. Adult Swim shows are usually associated with the words “weird”, “raunchy”, and the occasional “gory'' thanks to ‘Robot Chicken’. ‘Joe Pera Talks With You’, on the other hand, is wholesome, loving, and simple. Adult Swim prides itself on being subversive and Joe Pera’s show subverts the expectations that one has when they turn on the often disturbing channel. ‘Joe Pera Talks With You’ is back for a third season and after the awful past two years that we have experienced, Pera’s wholesome outlook on life is much needed. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Bond Related article: 'No Time to Die See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this WinZO, Voodoo partner to bring two popular titles for Indian users 16 November 2021 by Glamsham Bureau GlamSham New Delhi, Nov 16 (Ians) Domestic multi-player gaming and entertainment platform WinZO on Tuesday partnered with France-based casual games’ publisher Voodoo to bring Voodoo’s two most popular titles — Crowd City and Dune — on the WinZO platform for Indian users. As a part of the collaboration, WinZO will assist the global giant with its […] See full article at GlamSham » Permalink Report this ‘Red Notice’: Dwayne Johnson, Gal Gadot & Ryan Reynolds Netflix Movie KOs ‘Shang-Chi’ In Streaming Debut Per Samba TV 15 November 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Netflix’s $200M Dwayne Johnson, Gal Gadot and Ryan Reynolds feature Red Notice was a sensation in U.S. Samba TV measured households, pulling in an awesome 4.2M in its Friday-Sunday debut. The Rawson Marshall Thurber written and directed movie decimated the first weekend viewership of Marvel’s Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings on Disney+ which became available to the streamer’s subscribers for free on Nov. 12, Disney+ Day; the pic ultimately being watched by 1.7M U.S. households in its first weekend. Red Notice‘s audience also blows away the first weekend viewership of any movie on HBO Max, Amazon and Disney+ as measured by Samba TV. Red Notice is higher than HBO Max’s first 3 days of Mortal Kombat (3.8M), Wonder Woman 1984 which also starred Gadot (2.2M) and Dune (1.9M). It also bests Amazon’s first four days of the Tomorrow War (2.4M) and See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Watch: 'The Beauty of Denis Villeneuve' Cinematography Highlights 15 November 2021 by Alex Billington FirstShowing.net "We're so bounded by time, by its order. But now I am not so sure I believe in beginnings and endings." There's a lovely new video on YouTube to watch titled "The Beauty of Denis Villeneuve." It's made by a French movie lover who runs a Yt channel called "The Beauty Of" making short videos about the beautiful cinematography found in various films & TV & games. This one is all about Villeneuve and his movies, from Incendies to Dune and everything else (he has made 10 features in total so far). All set to the music "On the Nature of Daylight" also heard in Arrival. Villeneuve has worked with these great cinematographers: Greig Fraser, Roger Deakins, Bradford Young, André Turpin, Nicolas Bolduc, and Pierre Gill. There's many other memorable shots not seen in this video, but this just makes me want to rewatch every last one of his movies. Thanks to Kottke for the tip on this. See full article at FirstShowing.net » Permalink Report this Ridley Scott Explains Why His “Superhero” Movies Are Better Than Today’s “Boring” Blockbusters 15 November 2021 by Joseph Baxter Den of Geek Ridley Scott has directed defining movie classics over his undeniably illustrious career, but a superhero movie is unlikely to grace his eclectic CV anytime soon. That’s because Scott has joined the small-but-potent chorus of prominent filmmakers who have drawn a line in the proverbial sand of superheroes and comic book movies. Yet, in articulating his gripe, Scott also redefines some of his genre classics as examples of “great” superhero movies. Scott’s focus is far removed from the realm of capes and powered protagonists as he promotes the imminent release of his controversial biographical crime drama, House of Gucci. However, when an interview with Deadline turns to one of his upcoming projects, a biopic on Napoleon Bonaparte titled Kitbag—starring his Gladiator player, Joaquin Phoenix, and co-star of his recent epic, The Last Duel, Jodie Comer—the topic transitions surprisingly to superhero movies. The result of said turn has See full article at Den of Geek » Permalink Report this Who you gonna call? ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife’ hopes to scare up ticket sales 37 years after original film 15 November 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby A whopping 37 years after the original “Ghostbusters” movie hit theaters and 32 years after the sequel, it’s finally time for the third narrative installment, “Ghostbusters: Afterlife.” Reprising their roles in Sony’s highly anticipated film, which was delayed multiple times by the pandemic, are Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Sigourney Weaver and Annie Potts, with the late Harold Ramis appearing via archival footage. Carrie Coon, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace and Paul Rudd are the fresh cast members who drive the current story. Will audiences flock to “Ghostbusters III” when it opens on Friday? Beginning right now at Gold Derby, you can make your box office predictions for what movies will earn the #1 through #5 spots at the U.S. box office for this weekend, November 19 – November 21. You can also forecast how much money the weekend’s highest-grossing film will rake in. Each week the eligible user with the highest prediction See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this How Poland’s ‘King of Thieves’ Was Captured in Camerimage Competition Title ‘The Getaway King’ 15 November 2021 by Marta Balaga Variety Zdzisław Najmrodzki, who died in 1995, was one of the most infamous Polish criminals of the communist period. Called the “King of Thieves” and “Master of Escapes,” he evaded pursuit 29 times. Once, he jumped out of the window of a slow-moving train, claiming he saw a stork and felt the call of freedom. But Mateusz Rakowicz’s “The Getaway King,” which will be playing in the main competition at EnergaCamerimage Film Festival this week, isn’t sticking too close to the facts. “As a historical figure, Najmrodzki is no hero,” says Dp Jacek Podgórski. “At that time, everyone was afraid of the militia, so escaping them 29 times was a feat. But it says more about them than it does about him. One time, he simply got them drunk. We expanded the myth and basically reinvented it.” Podgórski used his father’s old photographs as a reference, deciding to incorporate their reddish tinge into the film. See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Saturday Night Live Season 47: The Show Returns to NBC With New Cast Members 15 November 2021 by Mireille Karadanaian Hollywood Insider Photo: Saturday Night Live SNL is one of the most renowned comedy late-night shows of our century. Its ability to spoof at real-life problems and events in an entertaining and still provocative way is the reason why Saturday night live has maintained its fame and credibility Saturday night live originally premiered on October 11 of 1975 hosted by George Carlin. Its streaming service has still remained the same, NBC, but its original title was NBC Saturday night. It was created by Loren Michaels and Dick Eberson in their mission to bring to life their vision for a live television sketch comedy series. Now Michael serves as one of the program’s showrunners and helps maintain its authenticity. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ wins box office again, Best Picture front-runner ‘Belfast’ has solid debut 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The discourse around Marvel’s “Eternals” burned bright and fast, with blistering reviews calling the Chloe Zhao film one of the franchise’s worst entries. But that hasn’t stopped audiences from buying tickets to the film. Despite dipping 61 percent from its debut, “Eternals” earned an estimated $27.5 million for a total gross of $118.8 million in North America. Its worldwide total is now more than $284 million. Overall, it was an unremarkable weekend at the box office — “Clifford the Big Red Dog” finished in second place with an estimated total of $16.3 million for a $22 million total since its mid-week release; the kids’ movie is also streaming on Paramount+ — but there were some standout headlines. “Venom: Let There Be Carnage” became just the second movie released during the coronavirus pandemic to top $200 million in North America, joining “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.” “No Time to Die” continued to pad its numbers, See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this ‘Mayor Pete’: The Impersonal Illusion of U.S. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg 15 November 2021 by Grace Smith Hollywood Insider Photo: 'Mayor Pete' ‘Mayor Pete’, a documentary about the U.S. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, opens with a behind-the-scenes clip (as documentaries like to do) of the director, Jesse Moss, and Buttigieg’s husband, Chasten Buttigieg, having a candid conversation. Moss asks if there are any particular questions that he should ask the mayor. Chasten briefly covers a handful of themes: identity, authenticity, and his presidential campaign. The questions aren’t too intimate, but they probe at the root of what may be the inspiration for his entire campaign. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Bond Related article: 'No Time to Die' Royal Premiere & Reactions - Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Léa Seydoux & More Related article: 'Halloween Kills' Full Commentary & Reactions, See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this Oscars 2022: Best Actor predictions and the state of the race 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby Circle the week of November 14 as the biggest of the year thus far when it comes to the Oscars 2022 Best Actor race. On November 17, Netflix releases “The Power of the Dog” with Best Actor contender Benedict Cumberbatch before its streaming debut on December 1. On November 19, Netflix launches “tick, tick… Boom!” with Andrew Garfield in a buzzy role. That same day, Best Actor favorite Will Smith arrives as well, with “King Richard” in theaters and available on HBO Max. Darkhorse contender Joaquin Phoenix gets his film into theaters too on the same day with “C’mon C’mon.” All of that during the week, plus broad industry screenings of “Being the Ricardos” with Javier Bardem and “House of Gucci” with Adam Driver, and the first look for experts, analysts, and industry folks at “Don’t Look Up” with Leonardo DiCaprio. By far, the third week of November is the biggest for Best Actor contenders See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Oscars 2022: Best Supporting Actress Predictions and the state of the race 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby Brr, is it cold in here? Because the Oscars 2022 Best Supporting Actress race has become Kirsten Dunst’s to lose. At least that’s how the Gold Derby experts see it, with Dunst having pulled ahead of early favorite Ann Dowd in the category. Dunst, who has been hailed for her performance in “The Power of the Dog,” is the current pick in the Gold Derby odds to win Best Supporting Actress for what would be her first-ever nomination despite decades of lauded work in popular hits like “Bring It On” and arthouse favorites such as “Melancholia.” But Dunst and Dowd, who has gotten rave reviews for “Mass,” are just two of the compelling narratives brewing in the supporting actress category — and we haven’t even mentioned past winner Marlee Matlin for “Coda,” beloved “Outlander” star Caitriona Balfe for “Belfast,” or two-time Emmy nominee Aunjanue Ellis for “King Richard.” But See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Oscars 2022: Best Director predictions and the state of the race 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The 2022 Oscars race for Best Director is one of the most packed in recent memory, where Oscar-winners like Steven Spielberg, Jane Campion, Clint Eastwood, Adam McKay, Joel Coen, Pedro Almodovar, and Guillermo Del Toro, plus acclaimed filmmakers like Denis Villeneuve, Ridley Scott, Paul Thomas Anderson, Kenneth Branagh, Wes Anderson, George Clooney, are all in competition for the top prize. According to the combined Gold Derby odds, the leader of the Oscars 2022 Best Director predictions at the moment is Campion, one of only seven women to ever receive a Best Director nomination from the Academy Awards. Her film, “The Power of the Dog,” has been a top contender since its debut at the Venice Film Festival earlier this year. Should Campion receive her expected nomination at the 2022 Oscars, she’d make history as the first woman to ever earn two Best Director nominations from the academy. Branagh, whose autobiographical drama “Belfast See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Cineworld Reports Positive Cash Flow In October As Revenues Hit Pandemic High 15 November 2021 by Nancy Tartaglione Deadline “There are real grounds for optimism in our industry,” Cineworld CEO Mooky Greidinger beamed today as the world’s second largest exhibitor issued a trading update. The company reached “an important milestone” in its recovery, generating positive cash flow in October, it said in the statement. Although it didn’t get into exact figures, Cineworld did report significant improvement in box office and concession revenue for the four months ended October 31 2021 — in some cases reaching or exceeding 2019 levels. In October, group box office and concession sales were at 90% of 2019 after steadily rising across the summer months. Cineworld’s Regal chain in the U.S. went from 45% of 2019’s business in July and August to 54% in September and 80% in October. With MGM/Eon/Universal’s No Time To Die setting new records in the UK, Cineworld’s October revenue there blew past 2019, repping 127% of the comparable period. Cineworld operates in 10 countries with 752 sites and 9,193 screens. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this ‘No Time to Die,’ ‘Dune’ Drive 90% Revenue Growth for Regal Cinemas Owner Cineworld 15 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety Regal Cinemas owner Cineworld Group has revealed a 90% overall growth in revenues in 2021, compared to 2019. The recovery has been driven by a slate of movies including “Black Widow,” “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings,” “Venom,” “No Time to Die,” and “Dune,” Cineworld said in a trading update. While actual financial numbers were not disclosed, the group shared a steady growth pattern with 50% in July, 54% in August, 60% in September and 90% in October. The highest growth rate was in the U.K. and Ireland, which climbed from 54% in July to 127% in October, compared to the same period in 2019. This was followed by the U.S., which grew from 45% in July to 80% in October, while the rest of the world rose from 79% to 84%. “There are still major blockbusters to be released in 2021 including ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife,’ ‘Encanto.’ ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home,’ ‘The King’s Man,’ ‘Sing 2’ and ‘The Matrix Resurrections,’ which we See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Dune: 10 Things Only Book Readers Know About Gurney Halleck 15 November 2021 Screen Rant Gurney Halleck is one of the most popular characters in the Dune novel and movie, in the latter of which he is played by Josh Brolin in one of his most likable roles.Though he only appears in a few scenes in Denis Villeneuve’s movie adaptation, he plays a much larger role in both the original book and its sequels. Related: The Best Locations In Dune In the books, he is not only a loyal servant to the Atreides but also a fascinating character with his own backstory and his own set of skills that allow him to survive the downfall and eventual resurrection of the family he serves. However, not every detail from the original novels made it into the movie. See full article at Screen Rant » Permalink Report this ‘Dune’s Denis Villeneuve & Mary Parent On Realism In Their Sci-Fi Epic “To Get The Power Of Nature” – Contenders L.A. 14 November 2021 by Ryan Fleming Deadline Dune co-writer, director and producer Denis Villeneuve and producer Mary Parent joined Deadline on Sunday on Warner Bros’ panel for the sci-fi epic at the Contenders Film: Los Angeles awards-season event at the DGA Theater. “It all started, obviously, with Frank Herbert writing a seminal piece of work,” said Parent. “I think it was around 2013 when myself and my fellow producer Cale Boyter started chasing the rights.” After waiting years for the rights to be secured, Parent “read an article that it was Denis’ dream to make the film.” “It was the fastest meeting of my life, it was like 45 seconds,” said Villeneuve. “I was dreaming to work on these books for 40 years, and we just shook hands and that was it.” The latest adaptation of Herbert’s science fiction story takes place in the distant future. The Atreides family accepts the stewardship of the desert planet Arrakis, commonly referred to as Dune, See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Showtimes | External Sites Dune: Part One Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Done a list of 23 titles created 2 weeks ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago VUS a list of 28 titles created 1 month ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.