Dune: Part One (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1160419/?ref_=hm_cht_3
Dune: Part One (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Dune: Part One 20212021 PG-13PG-13 2h 35m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 325K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:35 19 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama Feature adaptation of Frank Herbert's science fiction novel, about the son of a noble family entrusted with the protection of the most valuable asset and most vital element in the galaxy.Feature adaptation of Frank Herbert's science fiction novel, about the son of a noble family entrusted with the protection of the most valuable asset and most vital element in the galaxy.Feature adaptation of Frank Herbert's science fiction novel, about the son of a noble family entrusted with the protection of the most valuable asset and most vital element in the galaxy. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 325K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2 Director Denis Villeneuve Writers Jon Spaihts(screenplay by) Denis Villeneuve(screenplay by) Eric Roth(screenplay by) Stars Timothée Chalamet Rebecca Ferguson Zendaya Top credits Director Denis Villeneuve Writers Jon Spaihts(screenplay by) Denis Villeneuve(screenplay by) Eric Roth(screenplay by) Stars Timothée Chalamet Rebecca Ferguson Zendaya See production, box office & company info 4.1KUser reviews 413Critic reviews 74Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #151 Awards 4 nominations Videos19 Trailer 2:35 Final Trailer Trailer 3:34 Main Trailer Trailer 3:05 Official Trailer Trailer 2:37 Dune Trailer 3:34 Dune Trailer 3:11 Dune Trailer 3:14 Dune Clip 3:48 The Rise of Timothée Chalamet Clip 1:02 Director Denis Villeneuve Teases What to Expect in 'Dune' Sequel Clip 1:01 New on HBO Max Clip 2:50 Highly Anticipated Movies and TV Shows to Watch in October 2021 Clip 1:54 All About David Dastmalchian Photos242 Top cast Edit Timothée Chalamet Paul Atreidesas Paul Atreides Rebecca Ferguson Lady Jessica Atreidesas Lady Jessica Atreides Zendaya Chanias Chani Oscar Isaac Duke Leto Atreidesas Duke Leto Atreides Jason Momoa Duncan Idahoas Duncan Idaho Stellan Skarsgård Baron Vladimir Harkonnenas Baron Vladimir Harkonnen Stephen McKinley Henderson Thufir Hawatas Thufir Hawat Josh Brolin Gurney Halleckas Gurney Halleck Javier Bardem Stilgaras Stilgar Sharon Duncan-Brewster Dr. Liet Kynesas Dr. Liet Kynes Chang Chen Dr. Wellington Yuehas Dr. Wellington Yueh Dave Bautista Beast Rabban Harkonnenas Beast Rabban Harkonnen David Dastmalchian Piter de Vriesas Piter de Vries Charlotte Rampling Reverend Mother Mohiamas Reverend Mother Mohiam Babs Olusanmokun Jamisas Jamis Benjamin Clémentine Herald of the Changeas Herald of the Change (as Benjamin Clementine) Souad Faress Bene Gesserit Sisteras Bene Gesserit Sister Golda Rosheuvel Shadout Mapesas Shadout Mapes Director Denis Villeneuve Writers Jon Spaihts(screenplay by) Denis Villeneuve(screenplay by) Eric Roth(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro What to Expect in the 'Dune' Sequel What to Expect in the 'Dune' Sequel Dune writer and director Denis Villeneuve sits down with IMDb to share what fans can expect in the sequel and explains how the first film is just a really delicious appetizer.Watch the interview 1:02 More like this 7.2 Free Guy 7.3 The Suicide Squad 8.0 Blade Runner 2049 6.4 Dune 8.1 Squid Game 8.4 Joker 8.6 Interstellar 7.9 Arrival 7.5 No Time to Die 8.3 Loki 6.7 Black Widow Dune: Part Two Storyline Edit A mythic and emotionally charged hero's journey, "Dune" tells the story of Paul Atreides, a brilliant and gifted young man born into a great destiny beyond his understanding, who must travel to the most dangerous planet in the universe to ensure the future of his family and his people. As malevolent forces explode into conflict over the planet's exclusive supply of the most precious resource in existence-a commodity capable of unlocking humanity's greatest potential-only those who can conquer their fear will survive. —Warner Bros. desertsandchosen onebased on noveldune375 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Beyond fear, destiny awaits. Genres Action Adventure Drama Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of strong violence, some disturbing images and suggestive material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Composer Hans Zimmer is a big fan of the novel Dune, and turned down working with frequent collaborator Christopher Nolan on Tenet (2020) to score this film. For the same reason, Denis Villeneuve was the top choice but turned down the offer to direct the Bond film No Time to Die (2021). Goofs Most of the pronunciations of Dune names/terms are done in the French way (director Denis Villeneuve's native language) rather than the way the creator of the Dune universe preferred (there are many recordings of writer Frank Herbert discussing the correct pronunciations made prior to his death). Quotes Lady Jessica Atreides: I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings obliteration. I will face my fear and I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past... I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain. Crazy credits At the start of the film, a Sardukar priest chants "Dreams are messages from the deep!" as a prologue. Connections Featured in Black and White LIVE: Dune Trailer Reaction! Official 2020 - Oscar Isaac, Jason Momoa, Josh Brolin (2020) Soundtracks Tooth of Shai Hulud Written by Theo Green and Czarina Russell Performed by Czarina Russell Produced by Theo Green User reviews4.1K Review Top review 10/10 A Masterpiece and a phenomenal adaptation. Haven't been floored or thoroughly transported by a film since The Lord of the Rings until now. Dune is thrilling and emotionally authentic. The best part about the movie is that it takes it's audience seriously and does not just traps them into a cinematic odyssey but also takles the storyline critically. Performances are incredible especially Oscar Issac and young Timothée Chalamet. The movie is itself captivating and the visually breathtaking cinematography is God like. helpful•839 533 jamesstucker Sep 11, 2021 FAQ38 Is this a remake of David Lynch's Dune from 1984? Who is playing Feyd? Who is Sharon Duncan-Brewster playing? Details Edit Release date October 22, 2021 (China) Countries of origin United States Canada Official sites Official site Official Site (Japan) Languages English Mandarin Also known as 沙丘 Filming locations Wadi Rum, Jordan Production companies Warner Bros. Legendary Entertainment Villeneuve Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $165,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $93,617,408 Opening weekend US & Canada $41,011,174 Oct 24, 2021 Gross worldwide $353,217,408 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 35 minutes Color Color Sound mix Sonics-DDP Auro 11.1 Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Eternals’ Tops U.K. Box Office, ‘No Time to Die’ Continues Blockbuster Business Nov 16Variety Film + TV New SNL Writers on Season 47: ‘Please Don’t Destroy’ Makes Resounding Debut Nov 16Hollywood Insider - Substance & Meaningful Entertainment Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.