El laberinto del fauno (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0457430/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_147
El laberinto del fauno (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In El laberinto del fauno 20062006 RR 1h 58m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 642K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 611 20 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:50 7 Videos 99+ Photos DramaFantasyWar In the Falangist Spain of 1944, the bookish young stepdaughter of a sadistic army officer escapes into an eerie but captivating fantasy world.In the Falangist Spain of 1944, the bookish young stepdaughter of a sadistic army officer escapes into an eerie but captivating fantasy world.In the Falangist Spain of 1944, the bookish young stepdaughter of a sadistic army officer escapes into an eerie but captivating fantasy world. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 642K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 611 20 Director Guillermo del Toro Writer Guillermo del Toro Stars Ivana Baquero Ariadna Gil Sergi López Top credits Director Guillermo del Toro Writer Guillermo del Toro Stars Ivana Baquero Ariadna Gil Sergi López See production, box office & company info 1.3KUser reviews 466Critic reviews 98Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #147 Won 3 Oscars 110 wins & 115 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 1:50 Tráiler [OV] Trailer 2:26 Pan's Labyrinth Trailer 2:31 Pan's Labyrinth Trailer 1:05 Pan's Labyrinth Clip 2:49 How 'Pan's Labyrinth' Inspired 'Scary Stories' Clip 3:14 Is 'Pinocchio' the Right Move for Guillermo del Toro? Video 1:03 Guillermo del Toro Revisits his 'Pan's Labyrinth' Oscar Wins Photos312 Top cast Edit Ivana Baquero Ofeliaas Ofelia Ariadna Gil Carmenas Carmen Sergi López Vidalas Vidal Maribel Verdú Mercedesas Mercedes Doug Jones Faunoas Fauno… Álex Angulo Doctor Ferreiroas Doctor Ferreiro Manolo Solo Garcésas Garcés César Vea Serranoas Serrano Roger Casamajor Pedroas Pedro Ivan Massagué El Tartaas El Tarta Gonzalo Uriarte Francésas Francés Eusebio Lázaro Padreas Padre Francisco Vidal Sacerdoteas Sacerdote (as Paco Vidal) Juanjo Cucalón Alcaldeas Alcalde Lina Mira Esposa del alcaldeas Esposa del alcalde Mario Zorrilla Jefe de botiquínas Jefe de botiquín Sebastián Haro Capitán Guardia Civilas Capitán Guardia Civil Mila Espiga Esposa del doctoras Esposa del doctor Director Guillermo del Toro Writer Guillermo del Toro All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain 7.3 The Shape of Water 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.1 The Sixth Sense 8.1 The Truman Show 8.1 V for Vendetta 7.4 El espinazo del diablo 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.2 There Will Be Blood 8.3 Requiem for a Dream 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.3 American Beauty Storyline Edit In 1944 Falangist Spain, a girl, fascinated with fairy-tales, is sent along with her pregnant mother to live with her new stepfather, a ruthless captain of the Spanish army. During the night, she meets a fairy who takes her to an old faun in the center of the labyrinth. He tells her she's a princess, but must prove her royalty by surviving three gruesome tasks. If she fails, she will never prove herself to be the true princess and will never see her real father, the king, again. —ahmetkozan fairymazespainlabyrinthhiding295 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines What happens when make-believe believes it's real? Genres Drama Fantasy War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for graphic violence and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Guillermo del Toro is famous for compiling books full of notes and drawings about his ideas before turning them into films, something he regards as essential to the process. He left years worth of notes for this film in the back of a cab, and when he discovered them missing, he thought it was the end of the project. However, the cab driver found them and, realizing their importance, tracked him down and returned them at great personal difficulty and expense. Del Toro was convinced that this was a blessing and it made him ever more determined to complete the film. Goofs When Ofelia goes down the stairs in the labyrinth and is talking to the Faun, his shadow still shows Doug Jones' legs while they are in the stilts. The special effects crew took out his physical legs, but the shadow still exists. Quotes Capitán Vidal: Tell my son the time that his father died. Tell him... Mercedes: No. He won't even know your name. Crazy credits The two "Stick Insects" are credited as Cheech and Chong, after which it says "MAY THEY REST IN PEACE". Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Best Films of 2006 (2006) Soundtracks Long, Long Time Ago/Hace mucho, mucho tiempo Written by Javier Navarrete Produced by Emmanuel Chamboredon Ian P. Hierons Courtesy of Milan Entertainment User reviews1.3K Review Top review 9/10 Beautiful, violent, magical and sad.... I was fortunate enough to catch Pan's Labyrinth last night as part of the 'Fright Fest' programme in London and was completely blown away. Guillermo Del Toro himself was present to both introduce the movie and to answer questions afterwards. He spoke very passionately about the film, and it was easy to see why. Guillermo Del Toro has created something very special - part war movie, part fantasy, that everyone should see. The film features a fantastic performance by Sergi Lopez as Captain Vidal and as central character Ofelia, newcomer Ivana Baquero delivers the performance of a seasoned veteran. If you are the type of person who is put off by subtitled movies, don't be. This is a very 'visual' film that does not rely overly on dialogue. This does not open until 24 November in the UK and 29 December in the USA but already I am looking forward to seeing it again (and buying the Special Edition DVD).This is the first time I've felt the need to write a review on here. Do yourselves a favour and go and watch it on the big screen. helpful•572 162 dante_leebo Aug 25, 2006 FAQ14 Is 'Pan's Labyrinth' based on a book? Is this movie in English? Why is the English title of this movie not the same as the Spanish? Details Edit Release date October 11, 2006 (Spain) Countries of origin Mexico Spain Official sites Official site (Spain) Pan-Européenne (France) Language Spanish Also known as 潘神的迷宫 Filming locations El Espinar, Segovia, Castilla y León, Spain Production companies Tequila Gang Estudios Picasso Esperanto Filmoj See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $19,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $37,634,615 Opening weekend US & Canada $568,641 Dec 31, 2006 Gross worldwide $83,850,267 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Roadside Attractions Restructures Marketing & Distribution Divisions; Vets Dennis O’Connor & David Pollick Exit Nov 5Deadline Film + TV Ventana Sur Unveils a Talent-Packed Primer Corte, Copia Final Lineup (Exclusive) Nov 2Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of El laberinto del fauno (2006) in Australia?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.