El secreto de sus ojos (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1305806/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_149
El secreto de sus ojos (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In El secreto de sus ojos 20092009 RR 2h 9m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 202K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,587 22 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:18 2 Videos 67 Photos DramaMysteryRomance A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt hi... Read allA retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later.A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 202K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,587 22 Director Juan José Campanella Writers Eduardo Sacheri(screenplay) Juan José Campanella(screenplay) Stars Ricardo Darín Soledad Villamil Pablo Rago Top credits Director Juan José Campanella Writers Eduardo Sacheri(screenplay) Juan José Campanella(screenplay) Stars Ricardo Darín Soledad Villamil Pablo Rago See production, box office & company info 336User reviews 288Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #149 Won 1 Oscar 53 wins & 43 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 1:18 Tráiler [OV] Trailer 1:23 The Secret in Their Eyes Photos67 Top cast Edit Ricardo Darín Benjamín Espositoas Benjamín Esposito Soledad Villamil Irene Menéndez Hastingsas Irene Menéndez Hastings Pablo Rago Ricardo Moralesas Ricardo Morales Carla Quevedo Liliana Colotoas Liliana Coloto Javier Godino Isidoro Gómezas Isidoro Gómez Bárbara Palladino Chica Piropoas Chica Piropo Rudy Romano Ordóñezas Ordóñez Alejandro Abelenda Pinche Marianoas Pinche Mariano Mario Alarcón Juez Fortuna Lacalleas Juez Fortuna Lacalle Guillermo Francella Pablo Sandovalas Pablo Sandoval Sebastián Blanco Pinche Tinoas Pinche Tino Mariano Argento Romanoas Romano José Luis Gioia Báez - Inspectoras Báez - Inspector Juan José Ortíz Agente Cardozoas Agente Cardozo Kiko Cerone Molinarias Molinari Fernando Pardo Sicoraas Sicora Maximiliano Trento Guardia Comisaríaas Guardia Comisaría Sergio López Santana Jacinto Cáceresas Jacinto Cáceres Director Juan José Campanella Writers Eduardo Sacheri(screenplay) (novel "La pregunta de sus ojos") Juan José Campanella(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Relatos salvajes 8.4 Das Leben der Anderen 6.3 Secret in Their Eyes 7.9 Nueve reinas 8.1 Salinui chueok 8.3 Jagten 8.3 Jodaeiye Nader az Simin 8.3 Incendies 8.2 Der Untergang 8.2 El laberinto del fauno 8.1 Amores perros 8.1 Ah-ga-ssi Storyline Edit In 1999, retired Argentinian federal justice agent Benjamín Espósito is writing a novel, using an old closed case as the source material. That case is the brutal rape and murder of Liliana Coloto. In addition to seeing the extreme grief of the victim's husband Ricardo Morales, Benjamín, his assistant Pablo Sandoval, and newly hired department chief Irene Menéndez-Hastings were personally affected by the case as Benjamín and Pablo tracked the killer, hence the reason why the unsatisfactory ending to the case has always bothered him. Despite the department already having two other suspects, Benjamín and Pablo ultimately were certain that a man named Isidoro Gómez is the real killer. Although he is aware that historical accuracy is not paramount for the novel, the process of revisiting the case is more an issue of closure for him. He tries to speak to the key players in the case, most specifically Irene, who still works in the justice department and who he has always been attracted to but never pursued due to the differences in their ages and social classes. The other issue is that Gómez is still at large, no one aware if he is alive or dead. But as Pablo at the time mentioned that passion is one thing that cannot be changed in behavior, Benjamín learns now that that premise still holds true. —Huggo homicidesoccer gameargentinaconcealedclandestine381 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Un crimen sin castigo. Un amor puro. Una historia que no debe morir. [A crime without a punishment. A pure love. A story that must not die.] Genres Drama Mystery Romance Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for a rape scene, violent images, some graphic nudity and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Juan José Campanella was not happy with the English translation of the title. The original title was intentionally ambiguous, since the Spanish word "sus" could mean "their", but also "his" or "her". Goofs The young Benjamín Esposito is left-handed - you can see it when he is writing some notes at the office, regarding Isidoro's letters. Old Esposito is, on the contrary, right-handed (check out the very beginning of the movie, when he's starting to write his essay). Quotes Pablo Sandoval: A guy can change anything. His face, his home, his family, his girlfriend, his religion,his God. But there's one thing he can't change. He can't change his passion... Connections Featured in The 82nd Annual Academy Awards (2010) Soundtracks Tema de Liliana Written by Emilio Kauderer User reviews336 Review Top review 9/10 Extraordinary Film Last night I went to watch this flick, and I must say that all in all, I ended up quite surprised because of it's impressive quality. Taking into account that I was already expecting superior film, indeed, it came out to be even more outstanding than I thought, mainly because of the rare combination of noir genre with very precise and measured funny moments and especially an incredibly faithful description of the Argentine system of justice and the characters that compose it. This last element is just perfect. The movie keeps your attention all the time -no decays at all- and the set design is also great, to such extent that it left me wondering what the tricks of the trade employed to achieve such similarity are. Foreign watchers might not fully understand some great details that are mainly local, but anyway they will surely enjoy the thrilling aspects of the film. It would be enough for them to say that almost all this locale's are just true, no matter how incredible they might look. helpful•193 28 bicgus1 Sep 6, 2009 Details Edit Release date August 13, 2009 (Argentina) Countries of origin Argentina Spain Official sites Official site Official site (Argentina) Language Spanish Also known as 谜一样的双眼 Filming locations Estación Retiro, Retiro, Buenos Aires, Federal District, Argentina Production companies Tornasol Films Haddock Films 100 Bares See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $6,391,436 Opening weekend US & Canada $167,866 Apr 18, 2010 Gross worldwide $35,079,650 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Ventana Sur Unveils a Talent-Packed Primer Corte, Copia Final Lineup (Exclusive) Nov 2Variety Film + TV Oscars 2022: Denmark aims for second consecutive win with festival favourite ‘Flee’ Oct 25ScreenDaily Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of El secreto de sus ojos (2009) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.