Eragon (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0449010/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Eragon (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Eragon 20062006 PGPG 1h 44m IMDb RATING 5.1/10 125K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,245 1,318 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 1 Video 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFamily In his homeland of Alagaesia, a farm boy happens upon a dragon's egg -- a discovery that leads him on a predestined journey where he realizes he's the one person who can defend his home agai... Read allIn his homeland of Alagaesia, a farm boy happens upon a dragon's egg -- a discovery that leads him on a predestined journey where he realizes he's the one person who can defend his home against an evil king.In his homeland of Alagaesia, a farm boy happens upon a dragon's egg -- a discovery that leads him on a predestined journey where he realizes he's the one person who can defend his home against an evil king. IMDb RATING 5.1/10 125K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,245 1,318 Director Stefen Fangmeier Writers Peter Buchman(screenplay) Christopher Paolini(novel) Stars Ed Speleers Sienna Guillory Jeremy Irons Top credits Director Stefen Fangmeier Writers Peter Buchman(screenplay) Christopher Paolini(novel) Stars Ed Speleers Sienna Guillory Jeremy Irons See production, box office & company info 1.7KUser reviews 183Critic reviews 38Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 6 nominations Videos1 Trailer 2:32 Eragon Photos158 Top cast Edit Ed Speleers Eragonas Eragon Sienna Guillory Aryaas Arya Jeremy Irons Bromas Brom John Malkovich Galbatorixas Galbatorix Robert Carlyle Durzaas Durza Garrett Hedlund Murtaghas Murtagh Alun Armstrong Uncle Garrowas Uncle Garrow Christopher Egan Roranas Roran (as Chris Egan) Gary Lewis Hrothgaras Hrothgar Djimon Hounsou Ajihadas Ajihad Rachel Weisz Saphiraas Saphira (voice) Richard Rifkin Horstas Horst Steve Speirs Sloanas Sloan Joss Stone Angelaas Angela Michael Mehlmann Villager #1as Villager #1 (as Michael A. Mehlmann) Tamás Deák Villager #2as Villager #2 Matt Devere Tall Soldieras Tall Soldier Máté Haumann Sergeantas Sergeant Director Stefen Fangmeier Writers Peter Buchman(screenplay) Christopher Paolini(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.4 The Water Horse 5.9 Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief 6.1 The Sorcerer's Apprentice 6.1 Inkheart 6.1 The Golden Compass 5.8 Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters 6.5 City of Ember 6.5 The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian 5.8 Journey to the Center of the Earth 6.5 The Spiderwick Chronicles 6.3 Oz the Great and Powerful 6.9 The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Storyline Edit The Kingdom of Alagaesia is ruled by the evil King Galbatorix, a former dragon rider that betrayed his mates and his people in his quest for power. When the orphan farm boy Eragon finds a blue stone sent by Princess Arya, he sooner realizes that it is a dragon egg. When the dragon Saphira is born, Eragon meets his mentor Brom, and becomes the dragon rider foreseen in an ancient prophecy that would set his people free from the tyrant Galbatorix. Eragon meets the rebels Varden and together they fight against the evil sorcerer Durza and the army of Galbatorix in a journey for freedom. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil based on bookdragondragon riderteenage herosword and fantasy81 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines You are stronger than you realize. Wiser than you know. What was once your life is now your legend. Genres Action Adventure Family Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for fantasy violence, intense battle sequences and some frightening images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The last major film to be released on VHS in the United States. Goofs When Eragon wakes up from one of his visions with Arya, there is a pair of legs behind him. The camera turns away to face Brom, and when it returns, the legs are gone. Quotes Brom: That's the spirit - one part brave, three parts fool. Connections Featured in Smagsdommerne: Episode #4.17 (2006) Soundtracks Keep Holding On (2006) Written by Avril Lavigne and Dr. Luke Performed by Avril Lavigne Produced by Dr. Luke for Kasz Money Productions, Inc. Avril Lavigne performs courtesy of RCA Records User reviews1.7K Review Top review 4/10 "I expected more. More - Well, more" This quote gives a good review of the movie as a whole. I came into the theater with no prior knowledge of the books, and left with hardly anymore than when I entered. If not for the coffee I drank before the showing I would likely have been awakened an hour later by children applauding the movie they had been fooled into viewing. As Goldenduc has stated, the movie's scene-stealer was Saphira, the dragon whose above average animation and voice-acting carried the movie. Readers of the book(such as two of my fellow viewers who reported it horribly inaccurate) will be disappointed by the film's bad acting and poorly-paced chronology(Or may lie to themselves and give it a 10 like 41% of the voters thus far). Those who enjoyed the masterpiece book "Eragon" were most likely suspicious when the movie's rating was revealed as PG. As 6 to 12-year-olds filled the theater, older members of the audience felt an ominous chill that manifests before the start of a poor movie. From the moment the main character picks up his bow in the opening scene, you can sense the films bad filmography and quick pace will be it's downfall. Roughly ten minutes into the movie the main character's are introduced and killed-off or sent away. Soon after Saphira hatches and creates a false sense of hope that the movie may be saved. Before the audience was done "Aww"-ing at the cute dragonling, it transforms into a full-grown beast and its bond with it's rider is solidified. A few more poor actors are introduced and the "Darkest Knight"-esquire fumbles onward, sprinting through the most important parts and trudging through meaningless scenes. Before you know it the final (and first?) battle has been fought and won, and a miserable cliffhanger paves the way for a sequel movie-goers are sure to avoid. The one upside to the movie was not it's namesake, but the dragon on which Eragon rides, Saphira. The dragon's animation is fluid and realistic(although not when Eragon is integrated) and its voice calming yet authoritative. However, like most of the movie, the dragons physical maturation and bond with it's rider goes by too fast and leaves the viewer with an unpleasant longing for more. The fact the intelligent dragon needs a rider in the first place may have fantasy-buffs in wonder. To wrap-up it should be stated that the movie is rated PG for a reason, because there's just enough violence that it didn't make G. The constant new information is introduced to fast and is reminiscent of children role-playing("It's(the sword) a dragon killer!" "You must pierce a Shade in the heart to kill it." "If a dragon's rider dies, so does the dragon"). The erratic pace of the movie makes no sense, more time is spent showing Saphira learn to fly than is Eragon's time of mourning for his lost uncle. Overall, the movie earned 4 stars( of 10) for it's decent CGI and voice-acting, and the remaining 6 were stripped away due to lame pacing, bad acting and pseudo-logical fallacies that made you think "Wait, what?" helpful•17 7 papadoudjh Dec 15, 2006 FAQ3 Is Eragon based on a novel? What is Eragon about? Will the other novels be made into movies? Details Edit Release date December 14, 2006 (Hungary) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Hungary Official site Official site Language English Also known as Ераґон Filming locations High Tatras, Slovakia Production companies Fox 2000 Pictures Davis Entertainment Dune Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $100,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $75,030,163 Opening weekend US & Canada $23,239,907 Dec 17, 2006 Gross worldwide $250,425,512 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 44 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New On Amazon Prime Video For November 2021: Daily Listings For Streaming TV, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for Eragon (2006)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.