Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338013/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_99
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 20042004 RR 1h 48m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 955K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 369 100 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 7 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomanceSci-Fi When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories.When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories.When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 955K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 369 100 Director Michel Gondry Writers Charlie Kaufman(story) Michel Gondry(story) Pierre Bismuth(story) Stars Jim Carrey Kate Winslet Tom Wilkinson Top credits Director Michel Gondry Writers Charlie Kaufman(story) Michel Gondry(story) Pierre Bismuth(story) Stars Jim Carrey Kate Winslet Tom Wilkinson See production, box office & company info 1.9KUser reviews 311Critic reviews 89Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #99 Won 1 Oscar 73 wins & 111 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 0:31 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Trailer 0:31 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Clip 0:22 Sarah Chalke on Why 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' Changed Her Life Clip 1:33 Alphabet of Movies | A to Z Clip 3:07 What Roles Has Mark Ruffalo Been Considered For? Clip 1:33 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' | Anniversary Mashup Video 2:18 Dates in Movie & TV History: Feb. 13 - Joel Erases Clementine Photos140 Top cast Edit Jim Carrey Joel Barishas Joel Barish Kate Winslet Clementine Kruczynskias Clementine Kruczynski Tom Wilkinson Dr. Mierzwiakas Dr. Mierzwiak Gerry Robert Byrne Train Conductoras Train Conductor Elijah Wood Patrickas Patrick Thomas Jay Ryan Frankas Frank Mark Ruffalo Stanas Stan Jane Adams Carrieas Carrie David Cross Robas Rob Kirsten Dunst Maryas Mary Ryan Whitney Young Joelas Young Joel Debbon Ayer Joel's Motheras Joel's Mother Amir Ali Said Young Bullyas Young Bully Brian Price Young Bullyas Young Bully Paulie Litt Young Bullyas Young Bully (as Paul Litowski) Josh Flitter Young Bullyas Young Bully Lola Daehler Young Clementineas Young Clementine Deirdre O'Connell Hollisas Hollis Director Michel Gondry Writers Charlie Kaufman(story) (screenplay) Michel Gondry(story) Pierre Bismuth(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 The Truman Show 8.3 Requiem for a Dream 8.3 American Beauty 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.4 Memento 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.3 Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain 8.5 Whiplash 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.5 The Prestige 8.1 Catch Me If You Can Storyline Edit Much to his surprise, timid Joel Barish is shocked to discover that the love of his life, sparky Clementine, has had him erased from her memory. To pay her back in the same coin, poor Joel summons up the courage to undergo a painless but intricate medical procedure to do the same, utterly unaware that darkness is an essential part of the light. Now, as hurt and angry Joel's ugly recollections of Clementine gradually fade away, giving way to a soulless black void, suddenly, he begins having second thoughts, toying with the idea of stopping the irreversible process. In the end, is ignorance really bliss? —Nick Riganas memorylonelinessvalentine's dayflashbacknonlinear timeline206 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines I already forget how I used to feel about you. Genres Drama Romance Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language, some drug and sexual content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Despite the fact that Charlie Kaufman's script and Michel Gondry's visual concepts were closely followed, the cast members were allowed many chances to improvise. Elijah Wood and Mark Ruffalo improvised extensively, and much of the dialogue between Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet resulted from videotaped rehearsal sessions, during which, the two became close by sharing tales of their real-life relationships and heartbreaks. Goofs Many of the continuity errors listed here may well be deliberate. In the DVD extras, the movie makers explain that they played with the continuity to underline the struggle between the doctor and technicians trying to erase the memories and Joel trying to hold on to them. Quotes Joel: [narration as Clementine acknowledges him by raising her coffee mug] Why do I fall in love with every woman I see who shows me the least bit of attention? Crazy credits The opening credits don't begin until about twenty minutes into the film and after much action and plot. Connections Featured in A Look Inside 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' (2004) Soundtracks Everybody's Gotta Learn Sometime Written by James Warren Performed by Beck Beck appears courtesy of Geffen Records Produced by Beck and Jon Brion User reviews1.9K Review Top review Great, if you can relate... If you can relate to the underlying theme of love longed for, love given and received, and love lost, this is a great film. If you have come to understand that acceptance can -sometimes- be a great thing and not a compromise or a 'settle for' - this is a moving film. As crazy and almost surreal as elements of this film are, it somehow remains honest and real. That seems like a contradiction... life is contradictory, isn't it? Carrey and Winslet both turn in superb performances, as do the supporting cast. An incredible film that most of the people who 'get it' will love - but I suspect there will be more than a small percentage who won't understand it or can't relate to it and they will (understandably) dislike it. helpful•638 168 rje58 Mar 24, 2004 FAQ11 Is "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" based on a book? Where can I find the script? What's that version I find on the web? What does Clementine sniff on the train, near the beginning? Details Edit Release date March 19, 2004 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Universal Language English Also known as 暖暖内含光 Filming locations Montauk, New York, USA Production companies Focus Features Anonymous Content This Is That Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $20,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $34,400,301 Opening weekend US & Canada $8,175,198 Mar 21, 2004 Gross worldwide $74,036,715 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 48 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘Swan Song’ Review: A Dying Mahershala Ali Clones Himself in Apple’s Somber but Moving Sci-Fi Drama Nov 13Indiewire Elizabeth Hurley To Star In Caribbean Rom-Com; Big Names On Board For Bafta Breakthrough Talent Jury – Global Briefs Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.