Eternals (2021) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9032400/trivia/?ref_=tt_trv_trv
Eternals (2021) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Eternals (2021) Trivia Showing all 58 items Jump to: Spoilers (7) Gemma Chan didn't expect to return to the Marvel Cinematic Universe after appearing in Captain Marvel (2019) until Kevin Feige approached her while promoting Crazy Rich Asians (2018) to play a new character in some further production, which ended up being Sersi in the film. 289 of 297 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The cast and crew were evacuated from the Canary Islands set in November 2019 due to the discovery of some bomb remnants from a military shooting range near the set. Angelina Jolie and Richard Madden were present on set and eventually evacuated. 563 of 584 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Sersi is derived from the Greek mythological figure Circe, who was able to to turn humans into different animals. This is referenced when Dane Whitman asks if she can turn him into a giraffe. 77 of 78 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to Kumail Nanjiani, Chloé Zhao uses practical effects for the film and didn't do very much green screen. 406 of 432 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Makkari, portrayed by deaf actress Lauren Ridloff, is the first MCU deaf superhero. 602 of 644 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Eternals is the second MCU film that Ramin Djawadi has scored, the first being the original Iron Man (2008) in Phase One, which began the Marvel Cinematic Universe. 342 of 365 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Angelina Jolie signed up to play Thena because of her desire to support Chloé Zhao's vision and Marvel Studios' commitment to expand the way audiences see superheroes nowadays. 412 of 442 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Kumail Nanjiani found Kingo's Bollywood dance routine to be difficult, as he is not a trained dancer and took lessons prior to filming. 135 of 142 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's producer Nate Moore has revealed that Angelina Jolie wanted her role for a very, very small cameo, but she was surprised at the size of the role. She really threw herself into Thena and created a movement and fighting style for Thena that was unique. 132 of 140 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Makkari is frequently portrayed as a speedster. This is a reference to the god of speed, Mercury, from Roman mythology. 60 of 62 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Marvel considered The Eternals to be a "perfect transition" into its next phase of films along with projects such as Captain Marvel (2019), as it allowed the studio to cast a diverse group of actors to portray the various Eternals. In February 2019, Feige reiterated that Marvel was interested in the characters due to Kirby's "immense, amazing epic with Eternals that spans tens of thousands of years" in the comics; because they wanted to create more ensemble films "from the start" like Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), rather than building up to an ensemble crossover as they did with The Avengers (2012); and to introduce "characters that the majority of the world has never heard of" as they did with Guardians of the Galaxy and The Avengers. 254 of 278 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Running at 157 minutes (2 hours and 37 minutes), this is the second-longest running film in the MCU after Avengers: Endgame (2019), which ran for 181 minutes (3 hours and 1 minute). 112 of 120 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options To prepare for his role as Kingo, Kumail Nanjiani went on a strict low-carbohydrate diet and exercise routine by working out with Grant Roberts, a trainer and former Mr. Canada. Nanjiani would work out five days a week for three months straight at Granite Gym in Beverly Hills, aiming to gain 20 pounds of muscle, wearing wires for electronic stimulation that would help target muscles. 268 of 294 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Chloé Zhao is the third Oscar winner to direct an MCU film, after Joe Johnston (Captain America: The First Avenger (2011)) and Taika Waititi (Thor: Ragnarok (2017) and Thor: Love and Thunder). 154 of 167 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Ma Dong-seok's debut American movie appearance. 171 of 186 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Chloé Zhao cites The Revenant (2015) as an influence on the film's action sequences. 120 of 131 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Chloé Zhao originally wanted the film to feature the Eternals Zuras, Valkin and Vampiro, but they were cut from the film as it was too many characters to focus on. 71 of 76 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In April 2018, Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige stated that the studio was actively developing a film based on the Marvel comic book series Eternals, created by Jack Kirby, to release in their Phase Four slate of films. Marvel had met with multiple screenwriters, and was believed to be focusing on the character Sersi. Marvel set Kaz Firpo and Ryan Firpo to write the script a month later, with their outline including a love story between the characters Sersi and Ikaris. In June, Feige said Marvel was interested in exploring the "ancient aliens kind of sci-fi trope" of the Eternals being the inspiration for myths and legends throughout the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. 132 of 145 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Keanu Reeves, Luke Evans, Rami Malek and Ian McShane were considered for the role of Druig, before Barry Keoghan was cast. 159 of 176 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First MCU film since The Incredible Hulk (2008) to receive a PG-13 rating for sexual content alongside violence. 100 of 109 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Chloé Zhao described the film as a melting pot of East-West influences: Jack Kirby's original work, previous Marvel Cinematic Universe features (Zhao is a big fan of the MCU), Terrence Malick films, the Fainaru fantajî (1987) series, and her love of science fiction and fantasy films/TV shows/novels and manga comics, specifically Ancient Aliens (2009) and the works of historian/author Yuval Noah Harari. 106 of 116 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Eternals' ship is called Domo. This was the name of an Eternal in the Marvel comics who administered affairs on the Eternal city of Olympia. 74 of 80 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First MCU film to receive an 18+ rating in Russia (equivalent to an NC-17 rating in the U.S.) due to the film's portrayal of a same-sex relationship, which is illegal in that country. 122 of 138 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options It's the twenty-sixth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. 224 of 259 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Gemma Chan previously portrayed Minn-Erva in the MCU film Captain Marvel (2019). 118 of 135 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Kingo (Kumail Nanjiani) is an Indian movie star in this film. In the comics, he is an East-Asian national and is a martial arts star. 66 of 74 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the comics Ajak, Makkari and Sprite are males; in the movie, they are females. However, the 2021 Marvel comics had the three male Eternals die and be resurrected as females, to commemorate the movie. 226 of 267 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Kumail Nanjiani described Kingo as combining the wisecracking attitude of Bruce Willis (specifically John McClane from Die Hard (1988)) with the look of Bollywood actor Hrithik Roshan. Errol Flynn was also an influence on Kingo's character. 135 of 158 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Ana de Armas, Eiza González, Gina Rodriguez and Naomi Scott were considered for Ajak before Salma Hayek was cast. 67 of 76 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film was partly shot on 16mm Ektachrome film. 134 of 157 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Charlie Hunnam, Alexander Skarsgård, Armie Hammer and Sam Heughan were considered for the role of Ikaris before Richard Madden was cast. 85 of 98 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Chloé Zhao is a fan of the comics and the Marvel Cinematic Universe and was considered to direct Black Widow (2021) but took her name off the list and pitched this film instead to Nate Moore. Kevin Feige recalls Zhao's spectacular pitch for the film, saying it was "a very bold and very ambitious, sprawling 7,000-year story of humanity and our place in the cosmos" and also talked about it, saying "The notion of switching up the genders, sexualities and ethnicities of the characters from the comics. That was part of what Nate Moore was really advocating for in moving Eternals to the top of the list for us to start working on." 105 of 123 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Chloé Zhao is the first Best Director winner to have a Marvel movie already completed by the time she won the award for Nomadland (2020). 112 of 133 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Veteran Bollywood Actor Harish Patel is the first Indian to be cast in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. He portrays Karun: Kingo's human valet. 30 of 33 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's first trailer extensively featured the song "The End of the World" by Skeeter Davis, which was played during a key scene in another Angelina Jolie movie, Girl, Interrupted (1999). 63 of 79 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the second time Richard Madden and Kit Harington have starred together after Game of Thrones (2011) as Robb Stark and Jon Snow, respectively. 124 of 163 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Unlike other MCU films, this movie gets a 4K (2160p) release instead of a 2K (1440p) conversion. 63 of 80 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the closing credits, Ma Dong-seok (Gilgamesh)'s credit is set alongside François Joseph Bosio's Louvre statue of Hercules fighting a serpent. In the comics, Gilgamesh and Hercules are acquaintances and allies. 7 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Chloé Zhao's first feature length film to not have Joshua James Richards serve as director of photography. Instead, he serves as camera operator. 50 of 67 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the third comic-book feature for Brian Tyree Henry, after Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018) and Joker (2019). 47 of 63 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Marie Avgeropoulos, Sofia Boutella and Tatiana Maslany were considered for the role of Sersi before Gemma Chan was cast. Maslany would eventually go on to play Jennifer Walters in the She-Hulk (2022) series for Disney+. 47 of 63 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In March 2019, reports started circulating that the film was expected to feature Marvel Studios' first gay superhero. At San Diego Comic-Con in July, producer Kevin Feige confirmed that the film will include an LGBTQ character. It was also announced at Comic-Con that Tessa Thompson's character Valkyrie will be bisexual in the fourth film, Thor: Love and Thunder (2022), but that won't be released until 2022, so Eternals will be the first MCU film to include a gay superhero. 219 of 337 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the second comic-book feature for Gemma Chan (after Captain Marvel (2019)), Kumail Nanjiani (after Men in Black: International (2019)) and Angelina Jolie (after Wanted (2008)). 51 of 73 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In this film, Ajak is the leader of the Eternals; in the comics, it was the Eternal Zuras. However, Zuras was often confused with the Greek god Zeus: as Zeus is appearing in Thor: Love and Thunder (2022), Zuras is removed from the film. 5 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Angelina Jolie plays Thena, who was based on the Greek goddess of wisdom and war Athena. Jolie was previously considered for the role of Diana Prince in Wonder Woman (2017), who in the comics was empowered by the goddess Athena. 23 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Travis Knight, Nicole Kassell, Cristina Gallego and Ciro Guerra were considered to direct the movie before Chloé Zhao was hired. 31 of 46 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In England, one of the buildings has some graffiti with "Dark Angel" written on it. Dark Angel (formerly Hell's Angel") was a comic book series published by Marvel. 17 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The second Marvel Studios film to have a 4K digital intermediate, after Black Widow (2021). All previous films, regardless of being shot with 4K, 6K or 8K were all downscaled afterwards to 2K. 36 of 57 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Phastos is found living in Chicago with Ben and Jack Stoss. In the comics, Phastos had taken the human identity of Philip Stoss. 20 of 34 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Second fantasy franchise for Gemma Chan (Sersi). She played Madame Ya Zhou in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016). 13 of 23 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Millie Bobby Brown denied having a role in the film. 83 of 272 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spoilers The trivia items below may give away important plot points. In the Greek myth, Icarus flies too close to the sun, melting the wax that kept his artificial wings together and dying from the resulting fall. Ikaris' death scene is a reference to his Greek namesake, as he flies directly into the sun. 180 of 188 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Eternals have taken the identities of mythological beings across history; notably, Thena, Ikaris, Sersi, Makkari, Phastos were believed to be the Greek gods Athena, Icarus, Circe, Mercury and Hephaestus. In the Marvel comics, the Eternals got into a brief clash with the existing Greek gods over the identity mix-up. The film acknowledges the mythological origins of each hero: Dane Whitman asks if Sersi can turn him into a giraffe. Circe was a sorceress who turned people into animals. Makkari's speedster ability refers to Mercury being the god of speed. Her having taken things and kept them in the Eternals' ship is also a reference to Mercury being he god of thieves. Ikaris flying into the sun as a form of suicide is a tribute to the legend of Icarus, who flew too close to the sun on artificial limbs and damaged them, causing him to suffer a fatal fall. 238 of 250 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Thanos, a Titan with the Deviant gene, is related to members of the Eternals, as they were all created by the Celestials. This film will delve into the history of all three. 529 of 571 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Director Chloé Zhao confirmed the voice at the end of the second Eternals post-credits scene is of Mahershala Ali, as Blade. 68 of 71 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Makkari has the legendary English sword Excalibur in the Domo ship, and later on Dane Whitman is seen to have the Ebony Blade in his possession. In the comics, both swords are counterparts to each other. 10 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the closing credits, Richard Madden (Ikaris)'s credit is set alongside the painting "St. Michael Vanquishing Satan". In Christianity, Michael is depicted as the soldier angel, who leads angels to war against demons. And as a soldier, Ikaris simply follows his orders above all else in the film, even to the point of betraying his fellow Eternals. 9 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Toward the end of the film, Dane Whitman confesses his feelings for Sersi by proclaiming "I love you, Sersi." This caused a considerable amount of amused reactions from film audiences who were familiar with the actor that was portraying Dane Whitman, Kit Harrington, and his prior role in the TV Series Game of Thrones, which features a character named Cersei, which bears a similar pronunciation to Sersi. 57 of 117 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Eternals Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Marvel Movies Best to Worst a list of 29 titles created 04 Aug 2015 Kon's Return a list of 30 titles created 1 month ago Ciné Year : 2021 a list of 30 titles created 5 months ago Best Movies of 2021 a list of 38 titles created 9 months ago 2021 Films at the Movies a list of 35 titles created 5 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.