Eternals (2021) - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9032400/news/?ref_=tt_nwr_sm
Eternals (2021) - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Eternals (2021) News Marvel’s Eternals writers want to see Galactus in the MCU 17 November 2021 by EJ Moreno Flickeringmyth Eternals marks a the beginning of era of Marvel Studios. The film introduced a host of unique heroes, and also furthered the expansion of the cosmic side of Marvel. Including the Celestials was a massive step towards further exploring Marvel’s more cosmic, spacey side, and there’s one looming presence in space that fans are awaiting. […] The post Marvel’s Eternals writers want to see Galactus in the MCU appeared first on Flickering Myth. See full article at Flickeringmyth » Permalink Report this Thor vs. Ikaris: Who Wins? 17 November 2021 by Tom Foster TVovermind.com There are those that have seen the Thor movies and those that have seen The Eternals most likely and might think that Ikaris would surely give Thor a run if not obliterate him entirely. The thing is that in the comics, Ikaris stands no chance and he knows it. In The Eternals, there’s actually mention of Thor as one of them knew him when he was a boy and laments that the god of thunder doesn’t even call him anymore. Given that the Eternals stayed out of the fight with Thanos due to some hypocritical jargon laid down by Arishem, Thor vs. Ikaris: Who Wins? See full article at TVovermind.com » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Writer Patrick Burleigh Reflects on His Marvel Journey 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter Even before working on Eternals, Patrick Burleigh had experienced a Marvel Studios baptism by fire. The screenwriter landed a spot in the Marvel Writer’s Program in 2016, where he and three others spent a year going through the company’s back catalog of comic books to pitch fresh ways to adapt the studio’s characters. Burleigh then moved to production writing on Ant-Man and the Wasp, a pressure-cooker situation that had him penning roughly 25 pages a day. All that prepared him for his biggest job yet, Chloé Zhao’s Eternals. Burleigh met Zhao after Marvel executive and producer Nate Moore suggested they ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Tops U.K. Box Office, ‘No Time to Die’ Continues Blockbuster Business 16 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety Disney release “Eternals” continued to rule the U.K. and Ireland box office for the second weekend in succession with £2.9 million ($3.9 million), according to numbers released by Comscore. The latest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, directed by Oscar winner Chloé Zhao, now has a total of £10.5 million after two weekends. James Bond film “No Time to Die,” from Universal, continued its blockbuster business with £1.5 million in second position after seven weekends and now has a mighty total of £92.7 million. In its fourth weekend, Warner Bros.’ epic adaptation of Frank Herbert’s “Dune,” placed third with £1.17 and has now grossed £18.9 million. Eros STX’s Princess Diana film “Spencer,” starring Kristen Stewart, collected £698,065 in its second weekend in fourth place and now has a total of £1.5 million. Rounding off the top five was Universal’s “The Boss Baby: Family Business,” which collected £574,219 in its fourth weekend and has a total of £6.4 million. See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this 10 Hidden Details In Eternals 16 November 2021 Screen Rant Content warning: This article contains spoilers for Eternals. Eternals is packed with tons of new characters and lots of lore from the classic Jack Kirby comic book. Like every other MCU movie and streaming series, it also has plenty of hidden details for fans to discover with repeated viewings. Some hidden details connect the movie to other MCU movies and shows, as well as link up subtle plot threads in the franchise. Related: 10 Most Powerful Eternals Who Aren't In The Movie Some of the best-hidden details in the movie link the Eternals to the distant past of the entire MCU, both on Earth and in the greater cosmic realm. Though Eternals is the first MCU entry in a while without a guest appearance by an existing MCU character, it does pave the way for future characters in its two post-credits scenes. See full article at Screen Rant » Permalink Report this The Best Characters In Eternals Ranked 15 November 2021 by Scott Thomas Slash Film The primary tenet of Blake Snyder's "Save the Cat," a book about writing successful movies, is "give me the same thing ... only different." Stan Lee, co-creator of many of Marvel's most popular characters, also believed this implicitly. He claimed that the secret to Marvel's success was its "illusion of change," the feeling that events were altering a comic book character irrevocably, but actually weren't. Now, Marvel makes the most successful and impactful Hollywood blockbusters, and "the same thing ... only different" and "the illusion of change" are the McU's bread and butter. By contrast, the discourse surrounding Chloe Zhao's "Eternals" has centered on how different it feels... The post The Best Characters in Eternals Ranked appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this Who you gonna call? ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife’ hopes to scare up ticket sales 37 years after original film 15 November 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby A whopping 37 years after the original “Ghostbusters” movie hit theaters and 32 years after the sequel, it’s finally time for the third narrative installment, “Ghostbusters: Afterlife.” Reprising their roles in Sony’s highly anticipated film, which was delayed multiple times by the pandemic, are Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Sigourney Weaver and Annie Potts, with the late Harold Ramis appearing via archival footage. Carrie Coon, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace and Paul Rudd are the fresh cast members who drive the current story. Will audiences flock to “Ghostbusters III” when it opens on Friday? Beginning right now at Gold Derby, you can make your box office predictions for what movies will earn the #1 through #5 spots at the U.S. box office for this weekend, November 19 – November 21. You can also forecast how much money the weekend’s highest-grossing film will rake in. Each week the eligible user with the highest prediction See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Salma Hayek, Tessa Thompson and Rosie Perez Set for Impact Awards Honors 15 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter The National Hispanic Media Coalition has set its honorees lineup for the 24th annual Impact Awards. Salma Hayek, Rosie Perez, Tessa Thompson, Matthew López and Monica Lozano will be honored during the Dec. 5 virtual event. Hosted by Mario Lopez, the Impact Awards will also feature appearances by U.S. Congressman Joaquin Castro and Zoe, Cisely and Mariel Saldana, with performances by Chrisol, Eddie Zuko and Vel the Wonder. Hayek will receive an award for outstanding achievement in film following work in this year’s Eternals and House of Gucci; Perez will be honored on the series side for her work in The Flight Attendant; Thompson will be ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter » Permalink Report this Link Tank: Questlove’s Summer of Soul Sweeps Critics Choice Documentary Awards 15 November 2021 by Lee Parham Den of Geek It’s a clean sweep! Questlove’s Summer of Soul wins all its awards, including Best Documentary Feature at the Critics Choice Documentary Awards. “The Critics Choice Association (Cca) has unveiled the winners of the Sixth Annual Critics Choice Documentary Awards, which recognize the year’s finest achievements in documentaries released in theaters, on TV, and on major digital platforms, as determined by the voting of qualified Cca members. Summer of Soul topped every category in which it was nominated, winning the evening’s most prestigious award for Best Documentary Feature, as well as Best Director (Tie), Best First Documentary Feature, Best Editing, Best Archival Documentary and Best Music Documentary.” Read more at Critics Choice Before Blade debuts in the MCU later in Phase 4, you need to go back and revisit Wesley Snipes’s version of this character in one of the earliest Marvel films ever made. “Before the Marvel Cinematic Universe, See full article at Den of Geek » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ wins box office again, Best Picture front-runner ‘Belfast’ has solid debut 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The discourse around Marvel’s “Eternals” burned bright and fast, with blistering reviews calling the Chloe Zhao film one of the franchise’s worst entries. But that hasn’t stopped audiences from buying tickets to the film. Despite dipping 61 percent from its debut, “Eternals” earned an estimated $27.5 million for a total gross of $118.8 million in North America. Its worldwide total is now more than $284 million. Overall, it was an unremarkable weekend at the box office — “Clifford the Big Red Dog” finished in second place with an estimated total of $16.3 million for a $22 million total since its mid-week release; the kids’ movie is also streaming on Paramount+ — but there were some standout headlines. “Venom: Let There Be Carnage” became just the second movie released during the coronavirus pandemic to top $200 million in North America, joining “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.” “No Time to Die” continued to pad its numbers, See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Oscars 2022: Best Director predictions and the state of the race 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The 2022 Oscars race for Best Director is one of the most packed in recent memory, where Oscar-winners like Steven Spielberg, Jane Campion, Clint Eastwood, Adam McKay, Joel Coen, Pedro Almodovar, and Guillermo Del Toro, plus acclaimed filmmakers like Denis Villeneuve, Ridley Scott, Paul Thomas Anderson, Kenneth Branagh, Wes Anderson, George Clooney, are all in competition for the top prize. According to the combined Gold Derby odds, the leader of the Oscars 2022 Best Director predictions at the moment is Campion, one of only seven women to ever receive a Best Director nomination from the Academy Awards. Her film, “The Power of the Dog,” has been a top contender since its debut at the Venice Film Festival earlier this year. Should Campion receive her expected nomination at the 2022 Oscars, she’d make history as the first woman to ever earn two Best Director nominations from the academy. Branagh, whose autobiographical drama “Belfast See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Clifford nips at the heels of Eternals at the U.S. box office as Bond passes $700 million worldwide 15 November 2021 by Matt Rodgers Flickeringmyth Following the Day and Date success of Halloween Kills, it was another pedigree performance for Paramount+ with their dual release strategy at the U.S. box-office as Clifford the Big Red Dog snapped at the heels of Marvel’s Eternals solid sophomore frame. We might have called it “a brown stinker” in our ★★ review, but the […] The post Clifford nips at the heels of Eternals at the U.S. box office as Bond passes $700 million worldwide appeared first on Flickering Myth. See full article at Flickeringmyth » Permalink Report this Box Office: November 12-14, 2021: Eternals, Clifford The Big Red Dog, Dune, & More 15 November 2021 by Rollo Tomasi Film-Book Box Office: November 12-14, 2021 — The theatrical movie box office results for November 12, 2021 through November 14, 2021 have been released. Eternals was the Number One film at the United States box office for the second week in a row with $27.5 Million for $118.7 Million so far. World-wide, the film has [...] Continue reading: Box Office: November 12-14, 2021: Eternals, Clifford The Big Red Dog, Dune, & More See full article at Film-Book » Permalink Report this Bo Report: ‘No Time To Die’ records highest opening weekend of pandemic-era 15 November 2021 by Jackie Keast IF.com.au Since cinemas reopened around the country, there was one film in particular that exhibitors were banking on to lure audiences back to theatres: No Time To Die. They were right: With a weekend result of $11.2 million, the 25th Bond film is the highest opener since December 2019’s Jumanji: The Next Level, and sits only marginally behind 2015’s Spectre. Australia was the last major market in the world to debut No Time To Die, the final Bond film with Daniel Craig, bowing here on 817 screens. Worldwide, it has now crossed $US700 million; the only other Hollywood film to hit that threshold in the pandemic-era is Fast & Furious 9. The local result for the long-anticipated Universal title – one of the first delayed by Covid – has thrilled exhibitors across the country, from multiplexes to through to smaller independent circuits and upscale venues. Most are looking forward with optimism, with a flurry of See full article at IF.com.au » Permalink Report this Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford 15 November 2021 by Mike Tyrkus CinemaNerdz Marvel’s Eternals held onto the box-office weekend crown, though the film’s margin of victory was far less than the $63.4 million it sported last weekend. The newest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe pulled in $27.5 million during its second weekend of release. Eternals now sports a two-week total of $118.8 million. Second place was claimed by newcomer Clifford the Big Red Dog, which debuted with an opening weekend of $16.4 million Eternals…$27.5 Million Clifford the Big Red Dog…$16.4 Million Dune: Part One…$5.5 Million No Time To Die…$4.6 Million Venom: Let There Be Carnage…$4.0 Million Ron’s Gone Wrong…$2.2 Million The French Dispatch…$1.8 Million Belfast…$1.8M Spencer…$1.5 Million Antlers…$1.2 Million The post Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford first appeared on CinemaNerdz. See full article at CinemaNerdz » Permalink Report this Marvel’s ‘Eternals’ Holds Off ‘Clifford The Big Red Dog’ For The Top Spot; ‘Belfast’ Enters The Awards Race In Limited Release 14 November 2021 by Chris Nashawaty Box Office Mojo There were no massive surprises at the box office this weekend as Marvel’s splashy superhero tentpole, Eternals, added $27.5 million in its sophomore outing, holding off a surprisingly strong $16.4 million debut from Paramount’s family-friendly canine film, Clifford the Big Red Dog, atop the domestic charts during an otherwise sleepy weekend. Meanwhile, Kenneth Branagh’s buzzy coming-of-age drama, Belfast, officially entered the awards-season derby in limited release, snagging an eighth-place finish with $1.8 million. Despite less-than-stellar reviews (it’s the first Marvel film with a “rotten” rating on the Rotten Tomatoes aggregator site) and mediocre word of mouth (based on its soft ‘B’ CinemaScore grade), director Chloe Zhao’s Eternals remained the No. 1 film in North America in its second weekend, despite sliding -61.4% from the previous frame. That sophomore slump places the film between the second-weekend dips of its recent Marvel stablemates Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings See full article at Box Office Mojo » Permalink Report this How Eternals Fails To Live Up To The Potential Of Jack Kirby 14 November 2021 by Max Evry Slash Film There's no getting around it: Marvel Studios' new film "Eternals" is a weird movie. Not just weird compared to other Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, but compared to all movies that came before or since. It contains rapid-fire tonal shifts that make your head spin, jumping from light comedy to action to cosmic sci-fi and back again seemingly without blinking. The film slings strong themes we're not used to seeing in a PG-13 superhero flick, things like sex (and sexual identity), suicide, and the futility of being. Oscar-winning "Nomadland" director Chloé Zhao clearly was making some big swings with this one, and even though the critical... The post How Eternals Fails To Live Up To The Potential Of Jack Kirby appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this For ‘Eternals,’ It’s a Box-Office Slide; for Awards Titles Like ‘Belfast,’ It’s a Shrinking Audience 14 November 2021 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire “Eternals” dropped 61 percent in its second weekend, which stands at the high end for the Marvel Cinematic Universe — especially after its low-end opening of $71 million. The good news? Considering the film’s negative critical and audience response (including a record-low B Cinemascore), that performance is better than expected. That also stands as a fair description for the weekend’s grosses, which total around $72 million. “Clifford the Big Red Dog” is #2 with $16.4 million for the weekend, $22 million total for five days (it opened midweek for the Thursday school holiday), parallel to streaming on Paramount Plus. Also, no holdover in the top 10 dropped more than 39 percent. Overall, this weekend performed at 65 percent of the same weekend in 2019; the rolling four-week average stands at 75 percent. However, with nothing opening to compete with “Frozen” and the $269 million it generated in November 2019, expect further comparisons this month to be brutal. “Eternals” suggests another case of See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Marvel’s Victoria Alonso Delivers Passionate Speech About Equality and Representation at Outfest Legacy Awards: ‘I Want to Do It All’ 14 November 2021 by Marc Malkin Variety Who knew Victoria Alonso could sing? Marvel Studios’ president of physical and postproduction, visual effects and animation production broke out into song not once, but twice when she was presented with the Visionary Award at the Outfest Legacy Awards on Saturday night at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures. She sang a verse of B.o.B’s “Beautiful Girl All Over the World” to her wife, Imelda Corcoran. Toward the end of her remarks, Alonso warbled “I Am What I Am” from “La Cage Aux Folles” in English and Spanish. Musical chops aside, Alonso delivered a passionate speech about LGBTQ equality and visibility. “We have tried to stir it up and sometimes the critics are not with us. That’s Ok. That’s Ok,” Alonso said of her work at Marvel. “We thank you for being a critic. We thank you for writing about us. And the fans will decide. See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this ‘No Time To Die’ Crosses $700M Global, Becomes Biggest Hollywood Pic Of Pandemic Overseas; ‘Eternals’ Assembles $281M WW Through Second Session – International Box Office 14 November 2021 by Nancy Tartaglione Deadline Refresh for latest…: After seven weekends of offshore release, MGM/Eon/Universal’s No Time To Die continues to bond with audiences and has crossed $700M global. Importantly, that includes over $558M at the international box office, making Bond 25 the biggest Hollywood movie overseas in 2021 and throughout the pandemic era. The Cary Joji Fukunaga-directed Nttd had a great start in Australia this session and has now surpassed Skyfall’s lifetime in 18 markets and Spectre’s lifetime in 22 (see more below). Meanwhile, in its sophomore session, Disney/Marvel’s Eternals continued to lead the international box office, adding $48M in 49 overseas markets for a $162.6M offshore cume and $281.4M worldwide. The overseas drop was -49% from opening last weekend, which is slightly better than expected, particularly in light of low social scores. In IMAX, Eternals has grossed $22.5M globally. The Chloe Zhao-directed superhero gods movie held the No. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Showtimes | External Sites Eternals Related Items News</a> Showtimes External Sites Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Marvel Movies Best to Worst a list of 29 titles created 04 Aug 2015 Kon's Return a list of 30 titles created 1 month ago Ciné Year : 2021 a list of 30 titles created 5 months ago Best Movies of 2021 a list of 38 titles created 9 months ago 2021 Films at the Movies a list of 35 titles created 5 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.