Eternals (2021) - Eternals (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9032400/reviews?ref_=tt_urv
Eternals (2021) - Eternals (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Eternals (2021) User Reviews Review this title 1,592 Reviews Hide Spoilers Sort by: Helpfulness Review Date Total Votes Prolific Reviewer Review Rating Filter by Rating: Show All 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 6 Stars 7 Stars 8 Stars 9 Stars 10 Stars 8/10 Not more of the same kosmasp12 November 2021 The most inclusive movie of the MCU yet - and while I didn't keep count, after the first Captain America movie, this is the first that has an overall serious tone to it. That being said, there is still a lot of humor in it. Especially Kumail and his ... "sidekick" cover most of the jokes. Which may be the reason he is AWOL at a certain point in time (you'll know which moment that is) - you can hold that against the movie or just go with the flow. Which is true for the inclusiveness too - and I am not even talking about the very first erotic scene of the MCU. Don't get too excited (or upset), it is quite tame, but might still be reason for kids to be asking some questions (they are just cuddling like we do - could be a possible answer I reckon). You also have the inclusion of a homosexual character - the movie does not make a big deal out of it. There is a tender male on male kiss. Hopefully you are not someone who is offended by such things and open minded. All these things have nothing to do with any "superhero" powers (I reckon you can and probably most will call the Eternals superheroes) ... so the movie is quite packed. So much acting talent in front of the camera, so much creative and technical wizardry behind the camera. So there is a point to be made that this could have easily been a Disney Plus show. Who knows, maybe there will be an Eternals inspired Disney Plus show. Could be after the movie plays or in between the arrival of the Eternals and "Present Day" (I always wonder what that must look like decades after this was made - anyway). Actually after I wrote this, I read somewhere that they are thinking about making a show and filling in the "gaps". There are certain elements that can be considered cliche, but that would be quite the nitpicking, if you went down that road. Chloe Zhao really held her own and was able to reign in everyone and make a really good movie. This will impress you, especially on a big screen (like on an Imax screen). Because it is different in many ways, this may be viewed more favorably in the future with more context or different expectations. We're still early on in Phase 4 and some may have a better understanding or can guess where the MCU might be heading next. I am talking about fans, I am quite certain Kevin Feige and some others do know of course. At least vaguely. 2,5 hours long and never felt boring or too much. If anything it felt like too little. For what it is (ensemble), it is really well made and condensed. Yes there are logic issues (where were they all this time? Why didn't they appear earlier and so forth?) ... they are adressed of course, but would not really withstand a smell test. But if you are invested in the MCU, the question is: do you really mind? Also this can be seen and watched without any knowledge of anything that came before ... but as always it is way better enjoyed if you have seen the things that came before. Interestingly enough characters from the DC (universe) are being mentioned, like Batmans Alfred or even Superman. So there does not seem to be a mean spirited thought behind that. More like an acknowledgment and a nod to the other universe, that has created so many great stories and characters too. And an admission, but also acknowledgment to the audience and their feelings and intelligence. There is not a void - this could be our universe ... maybe a parallel universe that works that way ... wouldn't that be a great thought/thing to have? And who are we to say that it isn't possible? With Spiderman coming up next - the door will be smashed rather than kicked in - and I am really looking forward to that one - hoping to be able to watch it before my social media feed is full of people talking about the movie. I like to know as little as possible - enjoying the movie on a different, more surprising level. Until then, don't forget: there are two bonus scenes (mid and after credit), like with most MCU movies here. 43 out of 100 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 3/10 An awful movie. Sleepin_Dragon8 November 2021 I walked out of the cinema absolutely and totally disappointed. I was bored and frustrated by this movie, the biggest disappointment of 2021. It seemed to last forever, it was slow, lifeless, and jumped about in the most frustrating manner. I felt like the cast shared absolutely no chemistry, this featured some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I loved how they always looked pristine after a fight scene, that sums this movie up, all about looks, zero thought to the actual content. The effects are a mix of good and bad, considering the budget it should have looked much sharper, the celestials did look great though. So many wasted opportunities, why on earth did they not explore the relationship between The Eternals more so, that was the biggest frustration. Several scenes had the whole cinema groaning. Avoid, 3/10. 517 out of 1,046 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Eternals jboothmillard14 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers I have never missed an entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, especially with the story continuing in each film, this was the twenty-sixth film in the franchise, Mark Kermode didn't give it the best review, but I was always going to watch it, directed by Chloé Zhao (Nomadland). Basically, in 5000 BC, a race of immortal beings, the Eternals, were sent by the Celestial Arishem (David Kaye) on their starship, the Domo, to the planet Earth. The ten superpowered heroes are Ajak (Salma Hayek), Sersi (Humans' Gemma Chan), Ikaris (Bodyguard's Richard Madden), Kingo (The Big Sick's Kumail Nanjiani), Sprite (Lia McHugh), Phastos (Brian Tyree Henry), Makkari (Lauren Ridloff), Druig (Dunkirk's Barry Keoghan), Gilgamesh (Don Lee, aka Ma Dong-seok), and Thena (Angelina Jolie). The Eternals exterminated the invasive monstrous race of near-immortal beings called the Deviants. The last of the Deviants are killed in 1521, but the group have varied opinions over their continued responsibilities and their relationship with humankind. Over the next five hundred years, they mostly live apart from each other, awaiting Arishem's return. In the present day, Sersi and Sprite live together in London. Sersi was left by her partner Ikaris centuries ago, so she now in a relationship with human Dane Whitman (Game of Thrones' Kit Harington), who works at the Natural History Museum. Sersi, Sprite and Dane are attacked by the Deviant Kro (Bill Skarsgård), until Ikaris arrives and chases the creature away. Realising the Deviants have returned, they travel to South Dakota to reunite with their leader, Ajak, only to find that she had been killed. Sersi is posthumously chosen by Ajak as her successor, granting her the ability to communicate with Arishem, who reveals that the mission of the Eternals was not to fight the Deviants but to prepare Earth for the "Emergence". Arishem explains that for millions of years, the Celestials, an ancient race of entities, have been planting their seeds on populated planets for new Celestials to be born. The Celestials sent the Deviants o destroy the apex predators of each planet to ensure the development of life. However, the Deviants evolved and began to hunt the planets' native populations, so the Eternals were created by the Celestials to cull them. With the reversal of the Blip (Thanos wiping out half of all living things in the universe), Earth has reached the necessary population for the birth of the Celestial Tiamut, which will result in Earth's destruction. The Eternals have come to love humanity and reassemble, deciding to prevent the Emergence. They reconvene with Kingo, Thena, and Gilgamesh before heading to Druig's residence in the Amazon rainforest, where they are attacked by Kro and the Deviants. Kro kills Gilgamesh before fleeing. After cremating him, they visit Phastos, who proposes for Druig to put Tiamut to sleep by amplifying his mind-control powers with the Uni-Mind, a connection between all the Eternals. Ikaris reveals that Ajak informed him of the Emergence centuries before, he chose to remain loyal to Arishem, and allowed Ajak to be killed by the Deviants six days ago to prevent her from stopping it. Sprite, who has an unrequited love for him, joins Ikaris as he flees. Kingo also leaves the group as he does not wish to face Arishem or fight his teammates. Makkari locates the place of the Emergence at the foot of an active volcano in the Indian Ocean. The Eternals battle Ikaris and Sprite before Kro appears and attacks. Thena kills Kro, and Druig knocks out Sprite after she attempts to kill Sersi. The remaining Eternals work together to subdue Ikaris while Phastos activates the Uni-Mind. Ikaris breaks free of his restraints, but cannot bring himself to kill Sersi, because he still loves her. Sersi uses her matter transmutation abilities to turn Tiamut to marble. Ikaris feeling highly guilty flies into the Sun, while Sersi uses the remaining energy from the Uni-Mind to end Sprite's permanent childlike state and turn into a human. Thena, Druig, and Makkari depart on the Domo to find other Eternals, while Sersi, Phastos, Kingo, and Sprite remain on Earth. Dane reunites with Sersi and is about to reveal a secret about his family history when she, along with Phastos and Kingo, are remotely dragged into space. They are brought before Arishem, who states his displeasure with their treason, but elects to spare humanity if the Eternals' memories prove that humans are worthy of living. Vowing to return for judgment, he disappears into a singularity, taking the trio with him. Meanwhile, Thena, Makkari, and Druig are visited by the Eternal Eros aka Starfox (Harry Styles), brother of Thanos, and his assistant Pip the Troll (Patton Oswalt), who offer their help. Dane is seen opening an old chest inherited from his ancestors that contains the legendary Ebony Blade, an unseen person (voiced by Mahershala Ali) questions if he is ready for it. Also starring Harish Patel as Karun, Haaz Sleiman as Phastos' husband Ben, and Esai Daniel Cross as Phastos' son Jack. The all-star cast, including Chan, Madden, Hayek and Jolie are all reliable, I agree that there is a lot going on, making it hard to keep up in certain moments, but what the film lacks in solid script and character development it makes up for in other aspects. It has good diversity, using many races and cultures, including a deaf character and a same-sex relationship, and it delivers on the witty moments of humour, and of course the spectacular fight and chase sequences, complete with brilliant special effects, adding up to a satisfactory superhero fantasy action. Good! 2 out of 9 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink Spectacular visuals, but Gordon-113 November 2021 The visuals of "Eternals" are spectacular. They look very real and very stylish. I also applaud the film for the diversity of the cast. However, the build up of the film is just too slow and too long, and I lost most of my interest and concentration when the final showdown begins. In addition, the one liner jokes are a little out of place and quite contrived. It is still an entertaining film, but probably not as great as the recent Marvel films. 394 out of 729 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Yes, you can have too many resources for a film... CinemaSerf8 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers The premiss here is quite fun - 7,000 years ago a diverse race of immortals arrive on Earth to protect the population from a monstrous race of "Deviants" who are bent on eating us all up. Their "Prime Directive", if you will, is that they must not interfere in human conflict, so once they have cleared away the beasties, they split up and lead separate lives. That is, until "Sersi" (Gemma Chan), her pal "Sprite" (Lia McHugh) and her beau "Dane" (Kit Harrington) are set upon in London by a newly empowered creature only to be rescued by "Ikaris" (Richard Madden) - and that incident forces them all to reassemble. Pretty soon they discover the body of their erstwhile leader "Ajak" (Selma Hayek) and must now combine their forces to thwart their ever strengthening enemy and learn why they have resurfaced. Unfortunately, what now follows is a stunning looking, but really pretty dull series of set-piece scenarios that rather clunkily combine mythology and melodrama, romance and action. The camera loves Madden, but as an actor - even clad in blue leather - he is little better than a handsome man. Kumail Nanjiani ("KIngo") has a soupçon of charisma, but the rest of the cast including the really out of place Angelina Jolie ("Thena") and Harish Patel ("Karun") who is intent on videoing everthing at considerable risk to himself, really offer little by way of characterisation and the attempts at humour misfire most of the time. The story has some great effects, but so what? That's what we expect from the most mediocre of productions nowadays. What was needed here were far fewer actors and a much more robust story - and, yes, it could probably have lost the half an hour spent justifying the enormous budget in far-lung locations (real and imaginary). There's a final scene midway through the credits that really does not bode well for the sequel either. I was really pretty bored with this film and though undoubtedly a colourful, action-packed big screen experience, it is an entirely forgettable film to watch. 92 out of 166 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 It's hard to overstate how amazing this is TBJCSKCNRRQTreviews5 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers For 7000 years, 10 aliens have lived among us. Their powers are immense. They are here to protect us from the Deviants, apex predators who we could never defeat on our own. However, their makers, the Celestials, have ordered them not to interfere with our development. After The Snap, something is different, and they may have to go against what they have been told. So, this is a lot to take in. Which is why the movie opens with a text crawl, and a lot of it is characters talking, discussing. I understand why some people feel that this bogs the movie down, that the pacing is lethargic. With that said, I simply cannot agree with them. This is never less than deeply compelling. Chloe Zhao embodies what Roger Ebert(RIP) meant, when he referred to films(as a medium) as "empathy machines". It is astonishing that she manages to find humanity(and so much, at that) in all of these super beings, who should be completely impossible to relate to, for any audience member(vampires don't *actually* exist, right?). The MCU is maturing. This is easily the most philosophical, downright existential, entry in the over two dozen series(which, just to be clear, I'm a huge fan of, have been from the very start). Smartly, it is very friendly to newcomers, and you really do not need to have watched any of the others in order to follow this. It makes you think, feel, and stays with you long after the two incredible post credit scenes have played. Honestly, a number of people will be moved to tears by the relationships depicted in this. I came quite close, myself. The diversity in casting, in languages spoken(and signed), all the civilizations and ethnicities shown, underlining that we humans are all one race, our world and problems the same. The sheer fact that this doesn't come across as cheesy and preachy is deeply impressive. This features beautiful cinematography, location shooting and every action scene is emotionally engaging in addition to exciting and cool looking. There is a lot of violence, much of it against creatures, a little moderate to strong language and brief sexuality in this. I recommend this to everyone over the age of 13. 8/10. 475 out of 1,066 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Eternal was the Runtime view_and_review12 November 2021 I'm not going to give a long winded review though the movie was long. "Eternal" was the runtime. There were parts that were good and parts that weren't. One of the biggest issues is that a movie of this nature presents more questions than it answers. The very existence of eternal beings existing on planet Earth, sent there by their creator in order to protect human life from Deviants, begs a lot of questions. And the more they strayed from their prime directive, the more questions they presented. The eternals were human in every aspect with the exception of their powers and their lifespan. The fact that such humanlike and very fallible beings (as in not entirely obedient) were sent to protect humans is just a start of the questions. "Eternals" was unnecessarily long. There were plenty of scenes that could've been left on the cutting room floor. Marvel bit off a lot with this metaphysical, beginning of creation movie. It was very emotional and slow at many points. Even the comic relief failed to garner the laughs it intended. But, there was applause in the theater after it was over. Honestly, I don't know if that was based upon how good the movie was or simply MCU diehards paying their obligatory tribute. 19 out of 32 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Epic but unemotional neil-4766 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers Eternals So there are Celestials, God-like beings. Arishem, one of them, allocates a bunch of Eternals (fairly God-like but not quite) to Earth, 7,000 years ago, to protect mankind from Deviants (unexplained monsters). This is their only job: they are not to interfere in human affairs. They wipe the Deviants out and then go their seperate ways, waiting to be recalled to their home planet. Then a Deviant appears... I enjoyed this and the eye candy is splendid, the action is beautifully choreographed. But it is one of the weaker offerings, and here is why. There are too many new characters and you don't get the chance to know them. This means you don't get emotionally invested in them. Yes, you care about whether xyz global crisis happens, but you don't really care about the relationships between the Eternals. A number of character-based subplots are introduced but never really go anywhere. The thing about the MCU is that you got to genuinely care about each character, which is why the deaths in Avengers 3 and 4 were so devastating. That is not the case here. Also, it is longer than it needs to be, to no purpose, and although the story is simple, it is unnecessarily complicated in the telling. Again, I enjoyed it, but it is probably 2nd or 3rd from the bottom of my list. It is competently - skilfully, even - assembled, but it has little heart. 109 out of 274 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 Long drawn out superhero film that spans time and ages! blanbrn13 November 2021 Not the greatest "Marvel" movie fan yet I gave "Eternals" a try even though never really hearing about it or reading the comics, and was not real impressed as the movie went back and fourth thru the ages and time as the group of Eternals were always fighting evil and the movie was a showcase of love and family like feel. It was an eye candy watch for seeing the hot and sexy Gemma Chan and Salma Hayek as immortals Sersi and Ajak as both were healers and watchers of the group. Overall my interest came and went the film for one was to long and drawn out as the message could have been shorter. Still I guess a watch if your a Marvel movie fan, and the look of Gemma Chan and Salma Hayek as superheroes was sexy and impressive. 22 out of 37 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 Hope This Timeline Isn't Eternal thesar-210 November 2021 This was almost a dead-even 5/10 star film, but the more I think about it, the less I like it. I HAAAATED some of the incredibly cheap looking CGI. Sure, SOME of it was good, but our main villains, the devil-alien dogs were laughably fake looking and the 1st post-credit scene had this small "creature" who was about on par with Super Nintendo graphics. Also, only some of the humor landed, but most felt forced. I did LOVE all the diversity and acting - each actor really tried their best. The plot is okay, but it did drag and shoot, am I tired of hearing excuses when MCU introduces new Super-Human characters who were around for wars, including the Infinity War, and did nothing to help/prevent it. Either you need to reboot everything or make origin stories set in present day only. Finally, I 100% hated the inclusion of a particular reference in regards to comparing the lead male Eternal, Ikaris to another superhero. Overall, it's absolutely not the worst MCU movie, but it fits nowhere in the top half best. Since it's barely, like 1%, connected to the other MCU movies, it could be a skip for sure. 88 out of 158 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 i'm so sad FeastMode5 November 2021 I went in knowing nothing about the source material and not watching a single trailer. I had no expectations for this movie. After watching it, I feel like it had the potential to be incredible. But it wasn't. It wasn't even good. I'm legitimately sad while writing this. I see this as the MCU homage to Watchmen. It feels very "adult" in so many ways. But in others, it's childish. The story is a complete mess. So many useless side plots. The characters feel flat, especially the protagonist. Some uncharacteristically bad casting choices (while also criminally under utilizing Angelina Jolie, a beast of an actress, should have been the main character). So much of this movie doesn't feel natural, something always feels a bit off. There's a lot i enjoyed. I watched some of the coolest things I've ever seen on screen. So many parts are visually stunning. Some of the action was good, some wasn't. An enormous step down in that department after Shang-Chi. The deep philosophical themes were interesting but poorly executed. Sigh. I'll probably watch it again to see if it grows on me. But this might be the worst MCU movie. (1 viewing, opening night 11/4/2021) 710 out of 1,187 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 6 Edvis-19979 November 2021 I've decided to watch it not because I wanted just because my friend invited to go together. Well, it wasn't amazing, I wasn't surprised in any good way, it was just an average movie with some great but also some awful special effects. The main idea was really bad, plot was very messy and hard to fallow, even The legend of.... was better movie, this one was one of the worst Marvel's movie so far. 21 out of 74 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Brilliantly Different Film for the MCU ThomasDrufke5 November 2021 A vastly different entry into the MCU but one that took me for a ride. It's impressive feat to take on a 10 lead character based film, it's another thing to make you care about every single one of them. Chloe Zhao has already shown us her talent with smaller films, and it's even more telling on a massive MCU scale that she's here to stay. It's hard to say what the best 2021 MCU film is at this point but Eternals has certainly made it's stamp on me. I had a blast. 8.8/10. 414 out of 829 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 This was the first movie I watched in the cinema after the pandemic jack_o_hasanov_imdb10 November 2021 The movie isn't that bad. It's not like other Marvel movies. I really liked the acting, effects and music from the movie. The director's job and the cameraman's job were also great. However, the thing I disliked most about the movie was the script and the story. Eternals was the subject I never knew. It's a movie and it's a comic book movie, I understand, but I don't like the story of the movie. It's not as bad a movie as it is generally said, but it's an average movie. I wish things were better. Also, the movie is a bit long. My rating is 7 / 10. P. S : By the way, this was the first movie I watched in the cinema after the pandemic. 11 out of 41 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Enjoyable, but not one of the Best The-Sarkologist11 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers The question that is raised now is whether we have reached, and passed, peak Super Hero films. The reason I suggest this is because, well, after the conclusion of Phase 3 in Avengers End Game, it is difficult to see how they can exceed what they have already done. Also, with so many Superhero films being released throughout the year surely people are simply going to start to become sick of them. Like, okay, I'll probably continue to watch them, but when this film was realised, a part of me sort of wasn't really all that keen on going and seeing it, but did so namely because there was nothing else on. Okay, there was Shang-Chi, but the thing is that apparently we'll be watching that with friends. Anyway, the story goes that there is this group of immortals that have arrived on Earth to deal with these monsters known as Deviants that are basically killing off all the humans. For centuries they have lived alongside humanity, and even assisted them in developing, however at one point they simply drift into the background and left humanity work out their own things and will only appear if the deviants return. Mind you, as far as they are aware, all of the deviants have been killed, so they are sort of wondering why they are still around, that is until another, more powerful, deviant turns up. As a result, they decide that it is time to get the gang back together. Much of the film jumps between the present, and the past, where we are learning about the back story of many of the Eternals. We also learn that they have been sent to Earth by a group of powerful beings known as Celestials (who have made appearances previously in the MCU - with Ego the living planet being one in human form). Some people have commented that it feels that it is overtly long, but I didn't really feel that this was the case. I certainly didn't find it boring, though as with a lot of these films, there is a lot that they have to do to set up these new characters. Mind you, I'm not entirely sure how they are supposed to fit in with the Avengers, considering that they aren't supposed to directly interfere with human affairs (the reason why they didn't help with Thanos, which actually doesn't make any real sense when you learn who Thanos actually is). Yes, we do find a few more things out about Thanos in this film, despite the fact that he has been defeated. Then again, this is a cinematic universe, and the movies have been regularly building upon each other, something that certainly hasn't really been done previously. Yet, in the end, it does make me wonder how long they can keep this going, It also seems to be underperforming at the box office, and the critical reception hasn't been all that great either. Then again, I certainly wasn't all that enthusiastic in seeing this film, but in the end it wasn't too bad. One thing that I have noticed, and I do certainly praise Marvel for that, is that while they do have big name actors in their films, many of the leading roles tend to be lesser known talent. This is the case here since, despite Salma Hayek and Angelina Jolie appearing in this film, the main characters were played by actors that, well, I haven't really heard off. Mind you, I suspect that Salma Hayek won't be making any further appearances, though I do note that Kit Harrington appeared in a somewhat minor role, but a role, if you happen to dig a little deeper into the Marvel universe, you will discover that he might actually be playing a larger role in the future. 16 out of 38 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 Well I loved it UniqueParticle10 November 2021 I'm not sure why Eternals got bashed I understood Black Widow hate more. This was so good cinematically especially in IMAX, acting was astonishing, and colors were all glorious! The story might be the only bumpy aspect even that I enjoyed for a Marvel film it's really solid even deserves rewards definitely had a lot of Chloe Zhao vibes that reminded me of Nomadland. I loved Eternals I'd highly recommend despite anything I think it's worth it! Side note:There was a hot mom in the audience that was a bonus though. 96 out of 202 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Different but interesting... Thanos_Alfie5 November 2021 "Eternals" is an Action - Drama movie in which we watch the start of a new saga of Marvel. The Eternals are a group of immortal beings living on Earth, helping people throughout its whole history and through all civilizations. I have to admit that I had high expectations from this movie since I have watched all the previous Marvel movies. A new era starts with this movie and we all have to be patient about it because time is needed for it to grow. Plenty of information came up and answered some of our questions regarding the Eternals and their purpose. "Eternals" surprised me since it was very different from what I expected but it was also interesting so, I am expecting the way that will continue it and what else it's going to present to us. The direction which was made by Chloé Zhao was good and she presented very well the main story behind Eternals but of course there is more information that needs to be presented. The interpretations of Gemma Chan who played as Sersi, Barry Keoghan who played as Druig, Lauren Ridloff who played as Makkari and Richard Madden who played as Icarus were very good. In conclusion, I have to say that "Eternals" is a nice movie as a start of a new era but we expect more from it in the future. 146 out of 329 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Beautiful scope and visuals leading Marvel to a new direction. cruise016 November 2021 4 out of 5 stars. Eternals is beautifully stunning when it comes to a cinematic superhero film which director Chloe Zhao does well in capturing fantastic settings and scope. The film is way different comparing it to other marvel films. Zhao is aiming high for more of a compelling dramatic tension with the characters and great cinematography shots. And visual effects. The film does struggle with its pacing which can make it feel a little slow. What worked? The plot is great. The story gets bigger in the mcu. Showing Eternals which are immortal beings that have lived for 5000 years. Living among humans. While there agenda is protecting humans from deviants. There is more to the plot which gives it a twist about the Eternals hidden agenda. And a third act twist which a villain rises and divides and fights against the eternals. The idea of a celestial being born and needing to demolish worlds is an epic and thrilling direction. The cast ensemble is huge and all worked great with there characters. Gemma Chan did great as Sersei. Richard Madden is great. Along with Kumail Nanjiani, Brian Tyree Henry, Lauren Ridloff, Barry Keoghan, Salma Hayek, Angelina Jolie, and Kit Harrington. In the movie, the Eternals did a great job working as a team. Every character stood out. Jolie and Ridloff were awesome. Kit Harrington has a small brief role. There is a seed planted for a much bigger part for him in the mcu world. The cinematography, music score, production settings, and visual effects are all great and worth watching. It does feel like watching a big budget artsy film with a superhero theme. The film does have a long epic run time which gives it enough time for it to develop the characters. Lots of flash backs through the centuries. While they try to find each other on Earth. The film spends most of the time with Ikaris and Sersei trying to locate the other Eternals on Earth. So they can preparing for an upcoming doom. The action sequences were good. Chloe Zhao played it too safe and avoided overdoing it which makes the movie feeling a little quieter compared to other mcu movies. A few good action scenes. And a climatic fight trying to slow the villain down to save the world. What did not work? Eternals is slow moving with its pacing. It does have a pacing issue which sets up for an exciting adventure and a epic showdown. It gets slowed down with too many expositions with the characters that the script slows down. Overall, Eternals is epic, it is beautifully shot and done with a great cast ensemble, and a story that is taking mcu to a direction that has yet to be explored. Even with the slow pacing, it is still one enjoyable ride. There are two credit scenes, one mid credit which introduces a new character, and a post credit scene which hints for a characters fate for future movies. 114 out of 255 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 A Marvel film that doesn't always feel like one eddie_baggins7 November 2021 Oscar winning indie darling Chloé Zhao has had quite the directing career in the span of six years since her debut Songs My Brothers Taught Me first released in 2015, with the Chinese born filmmaker moving onto the critically acclaimed The Rider, the award sweeping Nomadland and now in one of the biggest career trajectory leaps I can recall in recent memory, the newest Marvel franchise starter Eternals. A comic book film that never really feels like a comic book film and one that doesn't pander too the typical Marvel formula that the company and its owners Disney have played too so successfully over the last decade, Eternals allows Zhao too bring her independent nuances to a narrative with a $200 million dollar plus budget, one that is full to the brim with ideas, characters and possibilities, that whilst not always adding up to a completely satisfactory whole, combine to ensure that Marvel's big risk can still be regarded as a success, flaws and all. A fairly well-known property amongst the Marvel comic community, Eternals isn't exactly a name brand entity in the wider film going landscape and Zhao has a lot of ground to cover across her two and half hour plus feature that at times struggles with the weight of various timelines, character movements and narrative devices, to ensure that audiences get up to speed with their Deviants, Celestials and all the ensemble of the Eternal gang but despite the film dragging through certain stretches of its running time and not always giving sufficient time to its cast (Angelina Jolie's troubled Thena and Lauren Ridloff's deaf Makkari springing to mind), Eternals is an often beautifully shot film and one that can be commended for trying to reach for the stars. As she's shown across her short but noteworthy career so far, Zhao is a great director of actors and knows how to explore her characters (often in Terrence Malick like visual storytelling) in ways that inspire thought provoking and heartfelt feelings, with rising star Gemma Chan doing well as the kindhearted Sersi, Richard Madden doing his best work outside of Game of Thrones as Ikaris and Barry Keoghan having a blast as the intriguing mind controller Druig, with all performers working well alongside Zhao to give Eternals something more than pretty visuals and big narrative moments, even if Harish Patel's scene-stealing chauffer Karun may be audiences real MVP. With so much going on and so many characters too juggle along the way, the film plays out in a way that isn't going to be as predictable and stereotypical of what Marvel has built in the years past, with those seeking endless barrages of action scenes and a big city destroying battle finale likely to be left feeling relatively empty by the way Eternals presses forward onto its endgame, changing up the pace in a neat way that while not placing Eternals up too be regarded as one of Marvel's finest moments, at least places it well and truly in the top-tier of their feature catalogue when it comes to offering up something slightly different and far more risky than what has come in the past. It nothing else, Eternals shows that Marvel are not content in allowing their tentpole pictures to become stale and worn out, a good thing for all at days end. Final Say - A big film that doesn't always manage to balance out its many moving parts and ideas, Eternals is nonetheless another entertaining piece of the Marvel puzzle that tries to give audiences something different from a brand that has become synonymous with comfort food blockbusters. 3 1/2 Stark family reunions out of 5. 39 out of 110 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Marvel's New Superhero Saga Is Visually Splendid But Lacks Standard Values and Pacing. Certainly, The Weakest Marvel Film Recently. SAMTHEBESTEST3 November 2021 Eternals (2021) : Movie Review - Eternals, a part of Marvel's phase four, is a complete new chapter in MCEU's book. Although the film has references given about running in the same time as other Marvel flicks such as 'Infinity War' and 'Endgame', it has eternal backdrop right from 5000 BC. I wonder, if they were really here when Thanos caused mass destruction, why the hell they didn't show up? Oops, Let me go soft from here. Eternals is a whole new Superhero saga which brings you a bunch of unseen caracters and if you have been following Marvel Cinematic Universe since the beginning then this could be a new series to look out for. But wait, can you hold onto your patience for some time? I mean about 160 minutes with 3D glasses beginning to give you a headache? If yes, then go for it. MCU's recent projects have done great without theatrical release and notably, those came after 'Endgame'. 'Black Widow' and fresh fruit 'Shang Chi' earned back box office glory for them. I would have been happy to see them trying something nee after Endgan though. Something like what DC did with 'Joker'. Eternals does not depend on any such backdrop, it's a standalone product and maybe that's it will take some more time to create fan following. In the film, the Eternals, an immortal alien race, emerge from hiding after thousands of years to protect Earth from their evil counterparts, the Deviants. The screenplay here is not confusing at all but it is terribly slow. Marvel's Filmmaking may take a new turn from here as they have tried something calm this time, unlike super explosive narratives we saw in previous films. However, they couldn't try out something completely different from the trademark they carry which makes this film highly predictable. The story written by Ryan Firpo and Kaz Firpo is definitely not flawless but it isn't lame either. Creating a new universe for old fans might have put extra burden and that can be noticed in the film. It has those typical jokes carrying childish humour which you have left behind, 15 years ago. In 156 minutes, Externals hardly makes you seat through tightly but when it does, it does it fine. That slow pick-up to the main plot was expected because they had to introduce new characters without giving early spoilers. It slows down the vehicle anyway, almost to the level when you feel like having a little nap without taking those glasses off. Eternals stars an ensemble cast including Gemma Chan, Richard Madden, Kumail Nanjiani, Lia McHugh, Brian Tyree Henry, Lauren Ridloff, Barry Keoghan, Don Lee, Harish Patel, Kit Harington, Salma Hayek, and Angelina Jolie. However, the performances aren't that great. Some characters don't even make any sense considering the kind of powers they have. Somewhere, the writing is also responsible for that. Indian fans, please do not melt when you see Indian faces but please laugh when they crack hilarious one-liners. Visually, Eternals is splendid. The IMAX experience makes it truly wonderful and appealing. Marvel's VFX team has provided them a much needed boost here. No doubts, the whole thing is long. Sometimes it feels like, is it gonna take MCU's Phase Five to reach the End? That eternal longing certainly hurts the film but rest assured, it's a standard Marvel Film. Chloé Zhao puts all the elements demanded by Marvel Fans while she deliberately ignores unnecessary dramatic scenes. Was she driving towards daily-soap pulp? I think yes. This is 2021 and you are still using 2011 cliches to add some gags in the film? Seriously? I mean the film is made only for new kids or what? Let the fans decide that. They don't care much about content anyways because if they had, Marvel would have moved on from money-spinners to classic cinema long time ago. Nevertheless, Eternals is a grand visual treat which deserves to be watched only and only in 3D. Yes, Marvel Fans can flock into theatres to scream out for the new superheroes this Diwali while others can skip it for their own good. RATING - 5/10* 379 out of 702 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 The Phastos and the Fur-Eros. southdavid10 November 2021 It seems now that there's a real desire amongst some to be the first to declare Marvel's unprecedented run of hits as being over. For a while it's seemed like "Eternals" was the most likely to fail, given that there wasn't much in built adoration for the characters going in and whilst I'd accept that this is the "worst" film in the MCU, that's still pretty far from being an out and out disaster. Since time began, life in the universe has been seeded by the Celestials, a race of incomparably large creatures of unfathomable power. Once life on a planet has begun, it's defended from an ancient enemy, the Deviants, by The Eternals - a group of ageless humanoid aliens, whose powers are used to defend and shape the progress of the native life. After thousands of years hidden amongst us, the Eternals are called back into action when a Deviant, long thought to be defeated, arrives in London. This is, I think, going to be one of my reviews where I say that generally I thought something was OK, but then only list a series of things I didn't like about it. So to try and fill out the positives a bit, I do like the world building of this one and how to points us in the direction of some new characters for the MCU to utilise and where things might go for an Eternals sequel. Issue one is that it's too long, way too long, perhaps even as much as an hour too long. I never felt the running time in "Endgame" but I really did here, perhaps that's down to too many repeating story beats, or the plot not moving along fast enough, but either way this is the first time, with a Marvel film, I've felt that it's this length because they felt it ought to be, rather than because it actually needs to be. My second issue is also with the story, there's no audience proxy to get us into what's happening. Kit Harrington's character does it a little bit, but then he's sidelined - from there we're shown in multiple flashbacks about the history of the characters, and what's driven them to the point they are at now but it always feels like . . . Secondhand information, rather than something we're learning for ourselves. The best example I can give of this, without too hefty a spoiler, is that we're told that Sprite has always been in love with another character, but we're not (to my mind) shown any hints of that before we're told. There are also a lot of characters to be introduced to in this film and perhaps because of that some of the Eternals and the deviant leader, Kro, are underwritten. And finally, just whilst I'm on the subject of the Deviants, I didn't like them. I thought the CGI work was subpar and the character designs were uninspired. I think I'd have preferred something more akin to the comics, with an actual actor playing the role. Particularly when the character turns out to have little consequence to the overall story. As I say, generally I though the film was OK, with a second half much improved over the first. I think the future for the Eternals looks much brighter now this first film is out of the way, especially if they can get involved with a more intergalactic story, rather than an Earth based one. I'm sure I'll watch this again at some point, but for now it's just scratching an itch on the way to Spiderman. 6 out of 21 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 It is a satisfying movie. subxerogravity5 November 2021 I am still waiting for that X-Men movie man. Not too familiar with the Eternals, which is why going into this I was thinking they were like mutants, the same way the Inhumans are like humans. With that said, like the Inhumans, the Eternals cannot beat what Charles Xavier and his misfit crew put together. The Eternals do try too hard to stand-alone. I am looking for a lot of references to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, I did not get enough for my taste at all. Realistically, this is why I go to the theatre to see these movies. As a standalone, movie it was not half bad. It had a fantasy like story with many cool characters played by good actors. I did like how complex a lot of the characters were. I felt that the Eternals moved away a lot from the superhero genre, nothing in the movie is as cut and dry as most of these Superhero movies are when it comes to the main characters being heroes. Because of this, once again a marvel movie is missing a good villain. They could have used one. As cool, as the characters are they did a lot of talking. Some of the characters like Kingo and Phastos were interesting enough to want to hear their story. I wish this held true for everyone, but it did not. Plus, all the talking made for too many moments where I forgot what the purpose of their mission is. I am impressed with the visuals, especially the Celestials (who keep changing with every movie they appear in, right?). They were impressively big seeing them on the big screen. I do not know if this was Chole Zhao's first rodeo when it comes to special effects but she definitely did not fall intio the same mistakes that the Russo brothers and Ryan Coolger mad on their first marvel movie outing. That is about it, however. It was not enough of a marvel movie to watch it on the big screen like the others with other people as into it as I am (cause no one else seem to be). I'm glad I saw it on the big screen cause the visuals were impressive but we are getting to the point in which I don't know who these marvel superheroes are and its changing my interest (Although in fairness I had no idea who the Guardians of the Galaxy where before seeing the movie and they won me over far better). 82 out of 241 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Not Marvels best, but certainly not the worst. DarkVulcan297 November 2021 I heard so many bad reviews about this movie, but didn't watch any of them cause I was worried I be influenced by them, so I decided to give this the benefit of the doubt. I was eager to see a new installment in the marvel universe. What works are the effects, really jump out at you, and never feel over used, and some humorous moments are pretty funny. But what doesn't work is most of the characters don't really click to the point you feel they have a history with each other.. Some of the acting here is very dry, Angelina Jolie gets a mixed bag, some moments in the film she looks bored and sleepwalking, and other moments she's really giving her all. But I am eager to see where the story goes after this. 25 out of 79 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink just doesn't have that "it" quality despite all they throw out Special-K886 November 2021 Before the dawn of time a powerful group of immortal aliens descended upon Earth to protect humanity from the Deviants, but after being dormant for centuries they're brought back into action in the present day when a new threat re-emerges. Flashy, scenic, even touristy with some key historical context and filmmaking in-jokes, however the intended emotional moments about humanity's worthiness, evolution, blah-blah-blah...just don't have the desired impact. Clocking in at well over two hours, that still doesn't allow enough time to really forge a connection with many of the characters, thus there isn't much to propel the story forward despite all the various stops along the way; it doesn't bring much of anything new to the table or stand out from the MCU in any particular way. ** 31 out of 64 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 This is worth watching and has some redeeming elements but is up there with Captain Marvel as one of the worst films from the Marvel universe in some time kevin_robbins12 November 2021 Eternals (2021) is a movie my wife and I caught in theatres its opening weekend. The movie tells the tale of Eternal beings sent to Earth to protect it from entities known as deviants. Once they rid the world of deviants they live relatively normal lives among the humans who are now able to flourish. However, when deviants return to the Earth's surface the Eternals will need to get back together to protect humanity and uncover why they've returned. This movie is directed by Chloé Zhao (Nomadland) and stars Gemma Chan (Crazy Rich Asian), Angelina Jolie (Tomb Raider), Salma Hayek (Dusk till Dawn), Richard Madden (Game of Thrones), Kit Harington (Game of Thrones), Kumail Nanjiani (Stuber), Brian Tyree Henry (Hotel Artemis), Barry Keoghan (The Green Knight) and Bill Skarsgård (IT). This was an extremely uneven movie. There are so many unique characters, elements and worthwhile conversations and topics. The CGI and action sequences are crisp and well done and the villain(s) are solid. There are also aspects of the storyline that dragged, characters that were painfully ripped off from the DC universe and decision made by key characters that make you slap your head and didn't feel realistic with the wisdom and perspectives of the Eternals. Overall this is worth watching and has some redeeming elements but is up there with Captain Marvel as one of the worst films from the Marvel universe in some time. This also did not need to be almost 2 hours and 30 minutes long. I would score this a 5/10. 7 out of 19 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink An error has occured. Please try again. Load More See also Awards | FAQ | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews Eternals Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Marvel Movies Best to Worst a list of 29 titles created 04 Aug 2015 Kon's Return a list of 30 titles created 1 month ago Ciné Year : 2021 a list of 30 titles created 5 months ago Best Movies of 2021 a list of 38 titles created 9 months ago 2021 Films at the Movies a list of 35 titles created 5 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.