Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) - Jim Carrey as Joel Barish - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338013/characters/nm0000120?ref_=tt_cl_c_1
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) - Jim Carrey as Joel Barish - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) Jim Carrey: Joel Barish Showing all 115 items Jump to: Photos (56) Quotes (59) Photos 33 more photos Quotes Joel : [narration as Clementine acknowledges him by raising her coffee mug] Why do I fall in love with every woman I see who shows me the least bit of attention? Clementine : This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon. Joel : I know. Clementine : What do we do? Joel : Enjoy it. Joel : [in the house on the beach] I have to go. I have to catch my ride. Clementine : So go! Joel : I did. I thought maybe you were a nut... but you were exciting. Clementine : I wish you had stayed. Joel : I wish I had stayed too. NOW I wish I had stayed. I wish I had done a lot of things. I wish I had... I wish I had stayed. I do. Clementine : Well I came back downstairs and you were gone! Joel : I walked out, I walked out the door! Clementine : Why? Joel : I don't know. I felt like a scared little kid, I was like... it was above my head, I don't know. Clementine : You were scared? Joel : Yeah. I thought you knew that about me. I ran back to the bonfire, trying to outrun my humiliation, I think. Clementine : Was it something I said? Joel : Yeah... you said "so go." With such disdain, you know? Clementine : Oh, I'm sorry. Joel : It's okay. [Walking Out] Clementine : Joely? What if you stayed this time? Joel : I walked out the door. There's no memory left. Clementine : Come back and make up a good-bye at least. Let's pretend we had one. [Joel comes back. Clementine walks down the stairs towards him] Clementine : Bye Joel. Joel : I love you. Clementine : Meet me... in Montauk... Joel : Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating. Clementine : Joely? Joel : Yeah Tangerine? Clementine : Am I ugly? Joel : Uh-uh. Clementine : When I was a kid, I thought I was. I can't believe I'm crying already. Sometimes I think people don't understand how lonely it is to be a kid, like you don't matter. So, I'm eight, and I have these toys, these dolls. My favorite is this ugly girl doll who I call Clementine, and I keep yelling at her, "You can't be ugly! Be pretty!" It's weird, like if I can transform her, I would magically change, too. Joel : [kisses Clementine] You're pretty. Clementine : Joely, don't ever leave me. Joel : You're pretty... you're pretty... pretty... Joel : I could die right now, Clem. I'm just... happy. I've never felt that before. I'm just exactly where I want to be. [last lines] Joel : I can't see anything that I don't like about you. Clementine : But you will! But you will. You know, you will think of things. And I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me. Joel : Okay. Clementine : [pauses] Okay. [first lines] Joel : [voice over] random thoughts for Valentine's day, 2004. Today is a holiday invented by greeting card companies to make people feel like crap. Joel : Sand is overrated. It's just tiny, little rocks. Joel : What a loss to spend that much time with someone, only to find out that she's a stranger. Joel : I had a really nice time last night. Clementine : Nice? Joel : I had the best fucking night of my entire fucking life, last night! Clementine : Thaaaat's better! Joel : Hi. Clementine : Hi. Didn't figure you'd show your face around me again. I guess I thought you were... humiliated. You did run away, after all. Joel : I just needed to see you. Clementine : Yeah? Joel : I'd like to, um... take you out, or something. Clementine : You're married. Joel : Not yet, not married. No, I'm not married. Clementine : Look man, I'm telling you right off the bat, I'm high-maintainance, so... I'm not gonna tip-toe around your marriage, or whatever it is you've got goin' there. If you wanna be with me, you're with me. Joel : Okay. Clementine : Too many guys think I'm a concept, or I complete them, or I'm gonna make them alive. But I'm just a fucked-up girl who's lookin' for my own peace of mind; don't assign me yours. Joel : I remember that speech really well. Clementine : I had you pegged, didn't I? Joel : You had the whole human race pegged. Clementine : Hmm. Probably. Joel : I still thought you were gonna save my life... even after that. Clementine : Ohhh... I know. Joel : It would be different, if we could just give it another go-round. Clementine : Remember me. Try your best; maybe we can. Clementine : You don't tell me things, Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything... every damn embarrassing thing. You don't trust me. Joel : Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating. Clementine : I don't do that. I want to know you. [angry] Clementine : I don't constantly talk! Jesus! People have to share things, Joel... Joel : Mmmhhmmm... Clementine : That's what intimacy is. I'm really pissed that you said that to me! Joel : I'm sorry... I just, my life isn't that interesting. Clementine : I want to read some of those journals you're constantly scribbling in. What do you write in there if you don't have any thoughts or passions or... love? Joel : I can't remember anything without you. Clementine : Aw, that's... very sweet, but try. Clementine : I'm Clementine. Can I... borrow a piece of your chicken? Joel : And then you just took it... without waiting for an answer. It was so intimate; like we were already lovers. [as Joel and Clementine eat out, he thinks about the other glum-looking couples in the restaurant] Joel : Are we like those bored couples you feel sorry for in restaurants? Are we the dining dead? I can't stand the idea of us being a couple people think that about. [Joel calls Clem on the telephone] Clementine : What took you so long? Joel : I just walked in. Clementine : Do you miss me? Joel : Oddly enough, I do! Clementine : You said "I do" - I guess that means we're married! Joel : I guess so! Joel Barish : I can't see anything I don't like about you. Clementine : But you will, you will think of things and I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me. Joel Barish : Okay. Clementine : Okay. Clementine : I wish you'd stayed. Joel : I wish I'd stayed, too. NOW I wish I'd stayed. I wish I'd done a lot of things. I wish I'd... I wish I'd stayed... I do. Clementine : And in your wormy little brain. You try to figure out, "Did she fuck someone tonight?" Joel : No, see Clem. I assume you fucked someone tonight. Isn't that how you get people to like you? Clementine : You're not a stalker, or anything, right? Joel : I'm not a stalker. YOU'RE the one that talked to me, remember? Clementine : That is the oldest trick in the stalker book. Joel : Really? There's a stalker book? Great, I gotta read that one. Joel : Mierzwiak! Please let me keep this memory, just this one. Joel : Is there any risk of brain damage? Howard : Well, technically speaking, the operation is brain damage, but it's on a par with a night of heavy drinking. Nothing you'll miss. Joel : [on tape recording] And the whole thing with the hair - it's all bullshit. Joel : I really like your hair. Clementine : Thank you. Clementine : You know me, I'm impulsive. Joel : That's what I love about you. Joel : If only I could meet someone new. I guess my chances of that happening are somewhat diminished, seeing that I'm incapable of making eye contact with a woman I don't know. Clementine : [after discussing the names for all the different hair colors there must be] I apply my personality into paste. Joel : Oh, I doubt that very much. Clementine : Well, you don't know me so... you don't know, do you? Joel : Sorry, I was... just trying to be nice. Clementine : Yeah... I got it... [She hides behind the seat for a minute] Clementine : ... I'm Clementine, by the way. Joel : I'm Joel. Clementine : Hi, Joel. [they shake hands] Clementine : No jokes about my name... Nooo, you wouldn't do that. You were trying to be nice. Joel : I don't know any jokes about your name. Clementine : Huckleberry Hound. Joel : I don't know what that means. Clementine : Huckleberry Hound? What are you, NUTS? Joel : It's been suggested. Joel : Can you hear me? I don't want this any more! I want to call it off! Joel : Look at it out here, it's all falling apart. I'm erasing you and I'm happy! Joel : Wait! Clementine : ...What?... What do you *want* Joel? Joel : I don't know! I want you wait for just a... a while. Clementine : Let me show you something... come on... Joel : I think I heard a crack. Clementine : It's not gonna crack, or break, or... it's so thick!... Show me which constellations you know. Joel : Um... oh... I don't... know any. Clementine : Show me which ones you know! Joel : Okay... okay... oh! There's Osidius. Clementine : Where? Joel : Right there... see? Sort of a swoop and a cross, Osidius the Emphatic. Clementine : You're full of shit, right? Joel : Nope. Osidius, right there, swoop and cross. Clementine : Shut the fuck up! [4-year-old Joel watches his mother leave the room] 4-Year-Old Joel : I really want her to pick me up. It's amazing how strong that desire is. Clementine : [Clementine has dyed her hair orange] You like? To match my sweatshirt, exactly. Joel : Ahaaahhhhh! Ohhhhhh! I like it! Clementine : You do? Joel : You look like a tangerine! Clementine : Hmmm, Clementine the tangerine. Joel : Juicy... 'n seedless. Clementine : I like that. Joel : I think your name is magical. Carrie : I saw you talking to someone pretty! Rob : Yeah, man, who was that? Joel : She was... just a girl. Joel : [talking to Clementine in the train] Sorry, I'm just... trying to be nice. Joel : It's goddamn freezing on this beach. Montauk in February, brilliant, Joel. Clementine : Too many guys think I'm a concept, or I complete them, or I'm gonna make them alive. But I'm just a fucked-up girl who's lookin' for my own peace of mind; don't assign me yours. Joel : I remember that speech really well. Clementine : I had you pegged, didn't I? Joel : You had the whole human race pegged. Clementine : Hmm. Probably. Joel : I still thought you were gonna save my life... even after that. Clementine : Ohhh... I know. Joel : It would be different, if we could just give it another go-round. Clementine : Remember me. Try your best; maybe we can. Joel : By morning, you'll be gone. Joel : I love being bathed in the sink - such a feeling of security. Clementine : I've never seen you happier, baby Joel. Joel : My God, there's people coming out of your butt. Clementine : You married? Joel : No. Clementine : Let's move into this neighborhood! Joel : I do sorta live with someone though. Clementine : Male or female? Joel : What? Female... female... Clementine : At least I'm not barking up the wrong tree! Joel : He's seducing my girlfriend with MY words and MY things! He stole her underwear! Jesus Christ, he stole her underwear. Clementine : I'm gonna marry you... I know it! Joel : Ummm... okay... [Patrick knocks on Joel's car window while parked in front of Clem's apartment] Joel : Yes? Patrick : Can I help you? Joel : What do you mean? Patrick : Can I help you with something? Joel : No. Patrick : What are you doing here? Joel : I'm not really sure what you're asking. Patrick : Oh, thanks... [Clementine and Joel have broken into an empty house on the Montauk beach] Joel : I think we should go. Clementine : No, it's our house! Just for tonight... [she looks at an envelope on the counter] Clementine : ...we are David and Ruth Laskin. Which one do you want to be? I prefer to be Ruth, but I'm flexible. Clementine : Look man, I'm telling you right off the bat I'm high maintenance. So I'm not gonna tip-toe around your marriage or whatever it is ya got goin' on there. If you wanna be with me, you're with me. Joel : Okay. [Clementine comes in drunk and collapses on the couch. Joel has been sitting up and reading; his voice is angry] Joel : It's 3 o'clock. Clementine : I kinda sorta wrecked your car. Joel : You were driving drunk. It's pathetic. Clementine : I was a little tipsy. Don't call me pathetic. Joel : Well, it *is* pathetic. And it's fucking irresponsible. You could've killed somebody. I don't know, maybe you did kill somebody. Should we turn on the news and see? Should I check the grille to see if there's children or small animals? Joel Barish : Pages ripped out. Don't remember doing that. It appears this is my first entry in two years. [Clementine is leading Joel out onto the frozen Charles River] Joel : I don't know. What if it breaks? Clementine : What if? Do you really care right now? Clementine : Look, I'm sorry if I came off a little nutso, I'm not really. Joel : That's okay, I really didn't think you were. Joel : I'm so ashamed. Clementine : It's okay, you're a little kid. Joel : Why would she do that to me? Rob : Hey does anybody want a joint? Clementine : What are you, NUTS? Joel : It's been suggested. [looking at the letter from Lacuna, Inc] Joel : What is it? Rob : I don't know, it's a place that does a thing... [Clementine is trying to comfort baby Joel by showing him her crotch] Clementine : My crotch is still here, just as you remembered it. Joel : Yuck! Joel : I don't see anything I don't like about you. Clementine : But you will! But you will, and I'll get bored with you and feel trapped, because that's what happens with me. Joel : Okay. Joel : This is working like gangbusters. Joel : Don't call me Antoine. My name is Wally. Clementine : Yes, I know, but how can a woman love a man with a name like Wally? See also Release Dates | Official Sites | Company Credits | Filming & Production | Technical Specs Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Favourite Movies a list of 28 titles created 7 months ago Filmes fossa a list of 32 titles created 3 months ago Favorite Films I've Watched a list of 47 titles created 2 months ago Film visti a list of 49 titles created 08 Dec 2018 2004/5 a list of 27 titles created 1 week ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.