evansjoshyr's Profile - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/user/ur64692948/?ref_=tt_urv_usr
evansjoshyr's Profile - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Change Your Image Upload An Image Pick File... Upload By uploading this image, you agree to IMDb's Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy, including the provision granting IMDb a license in the uploaded image. Crop And Save Save Image close evansjoshyr IMDb member since January 2016 Lifetime Total 100+ Lifetime Plot 1+ Poll Taker 10x IMDb Member 5 years Reviews Red Notice (2021) Pretty good thief flick 15 November 2021 - 1 out of 2 users found this review helpful. All the actors are playing themselves. The jokes miss more than they hit and the visuals don't look great. Yet it was undeniably entertaining. The plot of finding the 3 eggs is simple and engaging. Most of the movie, especially the first chase sequence feels like an uncharted movie, which is pretty fun to see. I had a good time with this one and would recommend if you're looking for a lighthearted blockbuster. See more▼See less▲ Arcane: League of Legends: When These Walls Come Tumbling Down (2021) Episode 6, Season 1 The perfect reunion 13 November 2021 - 17 out of 18 users found this review helpful. The script and characters are amazing as they have been in every episode up until this point. The inevitable reunion with vi and jinx was very well built up and perfectly executed. There are no conveniences or plot holes, the characters act how you would expect them to act considering what we know about them and the pay off was excellent. That's all you can really ask. With 2/3 arcs done and both arcs being amazing, this show has the potential to go down as the best game adaptation ever made (and I've never even played league of legends) See more▼See less▲ Arcane: League of Legends: Everybody Wants to Be My Enemy (2021) Episode 5, Season 1 Jinx motivation 13 November 2021 - 32 out of 36 users found this review helpful. The 4 star review doesn't know what they're talking about. Jinx/powder's writing on this show has been absolutely excellent and her motivations are quite clear. From episode 1, powder desperately tried to fit in with a group that absolutely hated her. She tried to make the "right" decision her whole life, yet always managed to make things worse. Which is both quite relatable and absolutely heartbreaking. In episode 3, the one person who had always defended her (her own sister) , then abandoned her and told her every insecurity she had about her self was true. Which is absolutely devastating. Then, of course, when silco shows her compassion (because he sees himself in her), it makes sense why she joins him. And that is what I love about this show. Its all about the writing of the characters. Vi, Jinx and even Silco are all three dimensional character and I have a fair amount of sympathy for all of them. Now, with that rant aside, this was truly another excellent episode, with that amazing fight with Vi at the end. I absolutely love the relationship between silco and Jinx. He seems to care for her, rather than just using her to get what he wants. It helps with my point about silco being an interesting character. I love it! The "being reborn" scene really captures this. I can't wait to watch episode 6. These arcs feel like entire seasons or movies in their own right! See more▼See less▲ Arcane: League of Legends: Happy Progress Day! (2021) Episode 4, Season 1 The characters are just incredible 13 November 2021 - 17 out of 18 users found this review helpful. Yes the animation and music are amazing, but for me it's the writing of Vi, Jinx and silco that really carries the show. They're all fully realised and fleshed out characters, especially jinx, and they are very engaging to watch. See more▼See less▲ Spencer (2021) A psychological thriller more than your typical biography drama 13 November 2021 - 3 out of 9 users found this review helpful. Spencer is a visual and audio delight with excellent cinematography and make up with thrilling music. The highlight though of course, is Kristen Stewart's flawless and deep performance that carries the whole film. I felt invested in her character and anxious about her situation within the very first five minutes. The structure of spencer is both simple and captivating. The movie spans 3 days: Christmas eve, Christmas day and boxing day. Each day accomplishing something itself, while connecting with the progression of the story, which makes it seem like it would have been a good miniseries. Overall Spencer was exactly as advertised "a fable from a true tragedy" See more▼See less▲ Cowboy Bebop: Tengoku no tobira (2001) Proof that practically ANY episode in cowboy bebop could be turned into a feature length film 11 November 2021 Three years after the show ended, the quality, the voice cast and the animation is as good as ever only now with a bigger budget and more time to flesh out the action, characters and plot. One of the things I love about the show is how fast paced it is as to cram in everything in just 20 mins. This means every single line of dialogue is important and if you drift off, you might be lost. This also makes the episodes so damn rewatchable. But then with a feature film, there is a worry that, because there is no need to cram information, the dialogue would be less subtle and even over explain to the audience (like many other anime) but thankfully, this film still feels just like cowboy bebop. The script is still phenomenal. An excellent adition to the cowboy bebop world. I cant wait to rewatch it. See more▼See less▲ Kaubôi bibappu: Boogie Woogie Feng Shui (1999) Episode 21, Season 1 Another example of how diverse the episodes in cowboy bebop truly are 7 November 2021 - 1 out of 1 users found this review helpful. Ah boogie woogie feng shui; commonly referred to as the weakest episode of cowboy bebop. And this might be true, but only because there are no bad episodes and each try to do their own thing. This episode follows jets narration as he helps out a girl he clearly has a crush on. There's not a huge amount of emotional depth, but there's a fair amount of action and comedy. I think this episode helps to build jets character a little more, as of course we hear his narration and so we see his perspective. Not a bad episode by any means, but most likely the weakest (which means it's still better than the best episodes of many other shows) See more▼See less▲ The Harder They Fall (2021) A solid Western 5 November 2021 - 26 out of 55 users found this review helpful. I'd recommend seeing it as it's a fun Western adventure. It doesn't mix up the genre much, but if you're a fan of classic westerns and modern music you'll have a good time. Idris elba is amazing as always and all the cast do a good job. The train scene is by far the best scene in my opinion, but there's no truly terrible scene, it's all fairly consistent. You won't have your mind blown by anything, but it's a fun experience to watch. See more▼See less▲ Halloween Kills (2021) Halloween kills 4 November 2021 - 4 out of 9 users found this review helpful. I haven't see this film, but it's really bad. There was no way it could ever beat the original 70s film. It's like Halloween, but it has kills in the title. How does this franchise work again? See more▼See less▲ The French Dispatch (2021) Feels like a celebration of all forms of cinema 2 November 2021 - 8 out of 12 users found this review helpful. 4:3 aspect ratio, 16:9 aspect ratio, Black and white scenes, Extremely colourful scenes, 2d animation, Even a stage play? It's all included in this whimsical quirky wes Anderson instant classic. A celebration of wes Anderson up to this point and of film in general. Long live wes Anderson! See more▼See less▲ Gakkô no kaidan (2000) The dub is one of the greatest comedies ever made 2 November 2021 If you get offended by absolutely anything, go away. This anime isn't for you. But if you can take a joke even if your own race or religion is the punchline, get ready for one of the funniest comedies ever made. Through every second of this anime the voice actors are having so much fun it's impossible not to enjoy yourself. This not only makes it funnier, but also makes the dub sound far more natural and fluent than 99% of other dubs. The voice actors know what they are doing as they make it more than a collection of cheap jokes. Honestly, this show is a comedic masterpiece. If you haven't watched it go find it on amazon prime or wherever its available in your country. See more▼See less▲ Kaubôi bibappu: Mushroom Samba (1999) Episode 17, Season 1 A comedic antidote to the heartbreaking episodes 1 November 2021 - 3 out of 3 users found this review helpful. I don't see this, or any episodes in cowboy bebop as filler because the show isn't very plot focused in the first place. The incredible thing about this show is that it tackles so many different genres and tones, that any episode that changes the genre or tone is important to the show. What I'm trying to say is cowboy bebop wouldn't be cowboy bebop without mushroom samba and its an incredible episode of television. See more▼See less▲ Kaubôi bibappu: Black Dog Serenade (1999) Episode 16, Season 1 Jets backstory continued 1 November 2021 - 1 out of 1 users found this review helpful. This is the episode where we find out what happened to jet's arm and learn more about his past. I really like this episode, not quite as much as the other jet episode, but it has its own charm. It appears to pay homage to buddy cop movies, which is really cool to see and I really like the villain. He reminds me of the evil side of Gus fring from breaking bad even though this came first. Especially when he cut a thug's throat, it reminded me of the box cutter scene. A solid episode in a series of masterpieces. See more▼See less▲ Succession: The Disruption (2021) Episode 3, Season 3 The last last 15 mins was tense as hell 1 November 2021 - 79 out of 82 users found this review helpful. Season 3 continues to deliver with more schemes, backstabs and family drama. The acting and writing truly is phenomenal this episode. The cinematography is also stunning. There is one scene near the end of Kendall just walking through a corridor (you'll understand when you watch it). And it's one of the best scenes of the season so far just because of its subtle but profound use of cinematography and acting. No dialogue is required as you can clearly see every single emotion kendall is feeling in that moment. This is exactly what I love about this show. There is so much fast, clever dialogue in each episode, but at the same time, succession knows when to just shut up and let us appreciate jeremy strong's acting abilities. Exceptional episode of television. See more▼See less▲ You: Into the Woods (2021) Episode 5, Season 3 The love B plot though... 17 October 2021 - 25 out of 31 users found this review helpful. If the point of this third season is to show love being more crazy and heartless than Joe, it's working. She keeps messing up every episode with Joe trying to solve his problems. Her cheating kinda crossed the line considering she killed Natalie just because Joe kissed her. See more▼See less▲ You: So I Married an Axe Murderer (2021) Episode 2, Season 3 Season 3 is off to a great start 15 October 2021 - 13 out of 16 users found this review helpful. The format of couples therapy is a great structure for this episode. We see most of the events through flashbacks as we see Joe and Love work through their very complicated relationship. Of course, they can't tell their therapist... everything. Reminds me a little of the sopranos. Also the sequence of them "building a life together" and "trusting one another" yet still planting precautions just in case is excellent. It really sums up their relationship. Another great episode. Even better than the first one. See more▼See less▲ Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) I have never been so surprised by a film in the cinema 15 October 2021 - 26 out of 28 users found this review helpful. I am 19 years old and I took my 6 year old brother to the cinema today because he'd heard about this film from school and his friend was going to see it. I did not have high expectations. It was a 6.4 on Imdb and I had heard nothing positive about it. This experience was just so that my brother could have a good time and enjoy himself. And yet by the end of the film, I found myself in awe. I had felt practically felt every emotion at one point or another at some point in the film. The jokes are quick and witty. The emotional moments are poignant and thought provoking. The general theme of friendship is so wholesome and the characters are well rounded. Even the villain was surprisingly great. He wasn't some mindless psycho wanting take over the world. He was a greedy owner of a successful company that cared more about the profits than the consumers. Sound like any companies we know? The ending was especially sad and unpredictable. If you are like me and had doubts about this film, I encourage you to go see it. Its like the Mitchell's vs the machines but even better. See more▼See less▲ You: And They Lived Happily Ever After (2021) Episode 1, Season 3 Breaking the formula of the first 2 seasons 15 October 2021 - 28 out of 31 users found this review helpful. In the finale of season 2, I was really worried they were milking this concept and season 3 would just be another season of Joe chasing another girl. After the first episode I am happy to say this absolutely not the case. This episode went out of the box making it feel completely fresh from the previous 2 seasons. I am excited to see what comes next. See more▼See less▲ Maid: Dollar Store (2021) Episode 1, Season 1 I was hooked in the first 7 mins 14 October 2021 - 11 out of 11 users found this review helpful. The acting, the cinematography, the style, the script. Its all perfect and captivating. Alex is such a likable and sympathetic protagonist. I have never gone through anything like Alex has, and yet I was able to relate to her emotions and actions immediately. A thoroughly captivating pilot and I am excited to watch more. See more▼See less▲ Maid: Sea Glass (2021) Episode 3, Season 1 Much needed character development 14 October 2021 - 4 out of 4 users found this review helpful. This was the moment Sean stopped being an obstacle in Alex's way and started being an actual person. The "sea glass" scene was an unexpectedly heartbreaking moment with a very well written script that made me begin to see Sean's side rather than only seeing Alex's perspective. And his descion at the end only solidified this. Its crazy how one scene can change a hateble character into a sympathetic one if written well. Alex's mother also receives some character development. She stops just being a "crazy mum" and starts being just another person struggling and even expressing her own insecurites. It's clear her and Alex aren't that close, but they both seem to be trying and that's the important thing. What she did to Alex's room just shows she cares. A great episode that flesh out the other characters more than the previous episodes. See more▼See less▲ Maid: Ponies (2021) Episode 2, Season 1 Darker yet more hopeful than the first episode 14 October 2021 - 4 out of 4 users found this review helpful. If last episode showed an anxiety inducing downward spiral of events getting worse and worse through the episode, this feels like an antidote to that. There's more of a balance between the hopeful and the horrific. Especially the value of friendship and kindness of strangers is highlighted. The problems of last episode don't suddenly go away, but they are easier to deal with when you have someone else to help you through it. The result is a mix of emotions between empathy/ sympathy for Alex, but optimism that maybe she's going to make it through this difficult time. A thoroughly enjoyable episode. See more▼See less▲ Attack of the Hollywood Cliches! (2021) What scary about a cat jump scare? 30 September 2021 - 8 out of 22 users found this review helpful. I learned some things. Mainly that the film critics are scared of cats... so yeah. See more▼See less▲ Squid Game: A Fair World (2021) Episode 5, Season 1 The most important thing: Equality 27 September 2021 - 32 out of 40 users found this review helpful. This episode might be labelled as slow or even boring just because it doesn't have a game, which understandably can't be done every episode. But if you look past that, you will find an episode that is very far from slow or boring. The tension is felt perhaps more than ever. Because instead of the insane massacre we are used to, the stakes are far more personal and intimate. Every life is given more value because we have known the characters for a longer period of time. Insane episode that keeps the things I love about the show. See more▼See less▲ Squid Game: Red Light, Green Light (2021) Episode 1, Season 1 What a pilot. And a hell of a climax 26 September 2021 - 51 out of 68 users found this review helpful. I was invested in the characters in the first 20 mins. I was intrigued by the world in the 20 mins that followed. And I was absolutely floored by the final 20 mins. What an ending. See more▼See less▲ Sex Education: Episode #3.7 (2021) Episode 7, Season 3 An episode completely filled with payoff 18 September 2021 - 30 out of 42 users found this review helpful. The protest scene alone is one of the best scenes in the whole show and the build up to it in the first 10 minutes is quite tense. Michael also shines in this episode perhaps being the best he ever has in this show and his speech was remarkable. A throughly entertaining episode that proves how good season 3 has turned out to be. See more▼See less▲ See all 116 reviews » Recently Taken Polls Poll Date Best American Remake of a Non-English Movie Sep 21 20:46 IMDb's Best of the Best of the 2010s Aug 6 14:06 The Best 2010s Biography Movie Jul 15 19:11 The Best 2010s Superhero Movie Jul 10 08:04 Rolling Stone's 20 Best TV Shows of 2020 Jun 10 08:27 Best Use of a 70's Song in a Later Movie Jun 7 08:49 Highest Rated Animated TV Series on IMDb by Average Episode Rating Jun 2 19:19 IMDb All-time Top 250: The 1990s May 29 16:51 Col Needham's 10 Favorite Films May 29 16:49 IGN's 25 Best '90s Movies May 29 16:45 Quick Links Ratings Lists Watchlist Checkins Reviews Poll Responses About this Page Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.