Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0477302/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close 20112011 PG-13PG-13 2h 9m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 100K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,441 683 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:34 9 Videos 93 Photos AdventureDramaMystery A nine-year-old amateur inventor, Francophile, and pacifist searches New York City for the lock that matches a mysterious key left behind by his father, who died in the World Trade Center on... Read allA nine-year-old amateur inventor, Francophile, and pacifist searches New York City for the lock that matches a mysterious key left behind by his father, who died in the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.A nine-year-old amateur inventor, Francophile, and pacifist searches New York City for the lock that matches a mysterious key left behind by his father, who died in the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 100K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,441 683 Director Stephen Daldry Writers Eric Roth(screenplay) Jonathan Safran Foer(novel) Stars Thomas Horn Tom Hanks Sandra Bullock Top credits Director Stephen Daldry Writers Eric Roth(screenplay) Jonathan Safran Foer(novel) Stars Thomas Horn Tom Hanks Sandra Bullock See production, box office & company info 401User reviews 295Critic reviews 46Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 8 wins & 26 nominations total Videos9 Trailer 2:34 No. 2 Trailer 2:32 No. 1 Promo 2:34 Dutch Trailer Promo 2:19 Spanish Trailer Promo 2:19 German Trailer Promo 2:23 French Trailer Promo 2:21 Swedish Trailer Promo 2:20 Trailer Promo 2:26 UK Trailer Photos93 Top cast Edit Thomas Horn Oskar Schellas Oskar Schell Tom Hanks Thomas Schellas Thomas Schell Sandra Bullock Linda Schellas Linda Schell Max von Sydow The Renteras The Renter Zoe Caldwell Oskar's Grandmotheras Oskar's Grandmother Dennis Hearn Ministeras Minister Paul Klementowicz Homeless Manas Homeless Man Julian Tepper Deli Waiteras Deli Waiter Caleb Reynolds Schoolboyas Schoolboy John Goodman Stan the Doormanas Stan the Doorman Stephen McKinley Henderson Walt the Locksmithas Walt the Locksmith Lorna Pruce Locksmith Customeras Locksmith Customer (as Lorna Guity Pruce) Viola Davis Abby Blackas Abby Black Jeffrey Wright William Blackas William Black Hazelle Goodman Hazelle Blackas Hazelle Black Bernadette Drayton Prayer Group Womanas Prayer Group Woman David Latham Prayer Group Manas Prayer Group Man Marty Krzywonos Piano Manas Piano Man Director Stephen Daldry Writers Eric Roth(screenplay) Jonathan Safran Foer(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 Saving Mr. Banks 6.1 Larry Crowne 6.1 A Hologram for the King 7.1 A Financial Engagement 6.4 The Great Buck Howard 7.4 Sully 7.3 Big 5.5 Ithaca 4.2 Breakout 7.2 The Post 7.7 Philadelphia 7.0 Charlie Wilson's War Storyline Edit A troubled young boy, Oskar, is trying to cope with the loss of his father. Oskar starts lashing out at his mother and the world. Until a year later, he discovers a mysterious key in his father's belongings and embarks on a scavenger hunt to find the matching lock, just as he used to when his father was alive. On this journey he is bound to meet a lot of people and learn a lot about himself and his family, but will he ever find the lock? —Koro asperger's syndromequestrevelationkeyboy61 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Extremely Sweet & Incredibly Heartwarming Genres Adventure Drama Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for emotional thematic material, some disturbing images, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Max von Sydow turned down the role of Hal in Beginners (2010) (eventually taken by Christopher Plummer. Goofs Oskar says that only humans cry tears and that a photo of an elephant crying must be Photoshopped, but elephants actually do cry tears. Quotes Thomas Schell: If things were easy to find, they wouldn't be worth finding. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #20.59 (2011) Soundtracks If You Know The Lord Is Keeping You Written by Charles Taylor User reviews401 Review Top review 7/10 Emotionally affecting but often frustrating I found the main character very annoying at times. However, over time, this movie had enough touching moments that felt real and were gagné that in the end it was reasonably enjoyable. The best parts were the emotionally intense scenes of which there were several. The subject matter automatically lead in that direction. What was important was that they were handled well and weren't too obvious or sappy or preachy, IMO. I don't normally cry during movies and I didn't, but I can see how someone could and there's something healing in that. There doesn't need to be any explanation for a situation for us to learn from it. Simply seeing other people deeply affected by disturbing things can make you feel less alone and give you faith in humanity. People can argue and say nasty words and yet somehow communicate love at the same time through their body language. That brutal honesty that hurts the most usually comes from a very kind, sensitive place. It's interesting the kind of guilt we're capable of putting upon ourselves. The desperate fear that you're not a good person, that you failed somehow. You can relate to these characters and the way they feel. Death is one of those things that can be scary but which we often completely forget about. It's nice to have a primal emotion or fear brought alive by a movie in the right way. Now some major weaknesses. The plot is stupidly ridiculous. Much of it is technically possible but doesn't hold up well to inspection. It's too cute and "clever". I hate when characters go out on misguided missions without thinking them through. It's been done. It's far more interesting to have intelligent characters who run into legitimate or unexpected barriers than simply allowing them to forget all logic at the outset. The plot involves arbitrary devices for creating interesting situations rather than letting logical actions by the characters naturally take them somewhere interesting. It's like bad magic where you can see it all a mile away and there are no surprises. The boy's obnoxious and rude comportement were extreme and distracting at times. He was unlikable for long stretches. I can understand it in the context of him being deeply affected or lost or trying to cope with things, but it was still too much and the movie implied he was like that anyway because there was no contrast with his comportement before the events. Sounds like the book is much better in this regard. But it did affect me. Brought a little something out of me. Which can be rare considering how predictable I find the majority of new movies. helpful•7 3 Christopher_Reid Jan 4, 2014 FAQ2 What's the significance of the images of a man falling at the beginning of the movie? Details Edit Release date January 20, 2012 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 特别响，非常近 Filming locations Central Park, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Warner Bros. Scott Rudin Productions Paramount Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $31,847,881 Opening weekend US & Canada $72,348 Dec 25, 2011 Gross worldwide $55,247,881 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Datasat Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close (2011)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.