Eye for an Eye (1996) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116260/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Eye for an Eye (1996) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Eye for an Eye 19961996 RR 1h 41m IMDb RATING 6.2/10 16K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,504 4,864 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:56 1 Video 46 Photos CrimeDramaThriller When the courts fail to keep behind bars the man who raped and murdered her daughter, a woman seeks her own form of justice.When the courts fail to keep behind bars the man who raped and murdered her daughter, a woman seeks her own form of justice.When the courts fail to keep behind bars the man who raped and murdered her daughter, a woman seeks her own form of justice. IMDb RATING 6.2/10 16K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,504 4,864 Director John Schlesinger Writers Erika Holzer(novel) Amanda Silver(screenplay) Rick Jaffa(screenplay) Stars Sally Field Kiefer Sutherland Ed Harris Top credits Director John Schlesinger Writers Erika Holzer(novel) Amanda Silver(screenplay) Rick Jaffa(screenplay) Stars Sally Field Kiefer Sutherland Ed Harris See production, box office & company info 94User reviews 39Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Videos1 Trailer 0:56 Official Trailer Photos46 Top cast Edit Sally Field Karen McCannas Karen McCann Kiefer Sutherland Robert Doobas Robert Doob Ed Harris Mack McCannas Mack McCann Olivia Burnette Julie McCannas Julie McCann Alexandra Kyle Megan McCannas Megan McCann Joe Mantegna Detective Sergeant Denilloas Detective Sergeant Denillo Beverly D'Angelo Dolly Greenas Dolly Green Darrell Larson Peter Greenas Peter Green Charlayne Woodard Angel Kosinskyas Angel Kosinsky Philip Baker Hall Sidney Hughesas Sidney Hughes Keith David Martinas Martin Wanda Acuna Redheaded Womanas Redheaded Woman Geoffrey Rivas Redheaded's Husbandas Redheaded's Husband Armin Shimerman Judge Youngeras Judge Younger Natalija Nogulich Susan Jukeas Susan Juke (as Natalia Nogulich) Nicholas Cascone Howard Bolingeras Howard Bolinger Stella Garcia Mariaas Maria Justine Johnston Aunt McCannas Aunt McCann Director John Schlesinger Writers Erika Holzer(novel) Amanda Silver(screenplay) Rick Jaffa(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.3 The Vanishing 6.4 Not Without My Daughter 4.2 Eye for an Eye 6.2 Fear 6.3 Unlawful Entry 6.4 Single White Female 6.4 Pacific Heights 6.7 The Hand That Rocks the Cradle 6.6 Quien a hierro mata 6.4 The River Wild 6.4 The Good Son 6.3 Sleeping with the Enemy Storyline Edit Karen McCann's eldest daughter is raped and murdered whilst on the phone with her. When the case against Robert Doob, the perpetrator, is dismissed because of a technicality, she starts following him and sees how he checks out his next victim, a woman he delivers groceries to. She tells the police, but is only warned she must stop following Doob. When she tries to warn the woman, she is shooed out of the house. Doob, having found out that Karen is following him, threatens to do something to her youngest daughter. She then seeks help from a group of vigilantes connected to a support group, in order to shoot Doob. However, a friend from the support group turns out to be an FBI agent investigating the very vigilante activity Karen is involved in and warns her that she will go to jail for the rest of her life unless it is self-defense. In the meantime, tension grows between Karen and her husband Mack, because he finds out she has secretly been taking self-defense classes and has been learning how to use a gun. When Doob makes another victim and is again released for lack of evidence, she finds a way to lure him into her house and kill him in self-defense. —gerd86 rapevigilanterape and murderpantyhosed legmurder220 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A John Schlesinger film Genres Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language and disturbing violence which includes rape Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Jamie Lee Curtis was originally cast as Karen McCann, but had to drop out due to scheduling conflicts with House Arrest (1996). The lead female role was in the end cast with actress Sally Field. Goofs When her daughter practicing French correctly says, "Sur la table," Karen "corrects" her, insisting on, "Sur le table." This however is wrong and her daughter had been right the first time. Quotes Robert Doob: [when leaving courtroom, to Karen] S-s-s-sorry. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: From Dusk Til Dawn/Eye for an Eye/12 Monkeys/Two If by Sea/Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood (1996) Soundtracks Shining Road Written by A. Shaw/J. Shaw Performed by Cranes Courtesy of Dedicated/Artista Records, inc. User reviews94 Review Top review 6/10 The 'Flying Nun' Goes 'Death Wish' Before the hit television show "24," Keifer Sutherland played mostly despicable, evil characters. That's what he does in this film, as "Robert Doob," a low-life who rapes and kills Sally Field's daughter and then is unfairly released by the courts. Sally, playing "Karen McCann," goes after justice. Almost everyone loves a revenge story and that, of course, is what this movie is, pure and simple: kind of a female "Death Wish." As for the characters, Sutherland is "over the top" with his guy - way, way past despicable, so ridiculously bad and evil you might even laugh. For those who picture Sally Field as "The Flying Nun," this movie will be a shock. She is anything but the sweet, wholesome-looking girl she appeared to be in so many of her films when she was younger.....or even the new TV commercials of today. Even though she has shown she can be very foul- mouthed ('m talking 'real life'), somehow seeing her portrayed here as a vigilante, doesn't ring up. Charles Bronson, yes; Sally Field, uh.....no. Be warned: this is a tough movie in spots, especially in the beginning. It is very similar to the opening in "Death Wish," and is not for the squeamish. This isn't a bad movie. It is extremely manipulative and has a bunch of plot holes, but if you love revenge films and don't care about particularly intelligent scripts (although the mad-as-hell mom isn't stupid in here), you can just add this one to your library. It serves its purpose of entertaining. helpful•26 13 ccthemovieman-1 Dec 13, 2007 FAQ11 Is "Eye for an Eye" based on a book? How did Doob know that Julie would be home alone? Why did Doob get away with the rape and murder of Julie? Details Edit Release date January 12, 1996 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English French Spanish Korean Also known as Göze göz Filming locations Rosslyn Hotel - 451 S Main St, Los Angeles, California, USA Production company Paramount Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $20,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $26,877,589 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,968,044 Jan 14, 1996 Gross worldwide $26,877,589 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 41 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘Pain and Glory,’ ‘While at War,’ ‘’Endless Trench’ Lead Goya Nominations Dec 2Variety Film + TV Mexico’s Premier Horror Event Morbido Fest Readies Twelfth Edition Oct 30Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Eye for an Eye (1996) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.