Eyes Wide Shut (1999) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120663/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Eyes Wide Shut (1999) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Eyes Wide Shut 19991999 2h 39m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 321K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 342 3 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:03 5 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysteryThriller A Manhattan doctor embarks on a bizarre, night-long odyssey after his wife's admission of unfulfilled longing.A Manhattan doctor embarks on a bizarre, night-long odyssey after his wife's admission of unfulfilled longing.A Manhattan doctor embarks on a bizarre, night-long odyssey after his wife's admission of unfulfilled longing. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 321K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 342 3 Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Frederic Raphael(screenplay) Arthur Schnitzler(inspired by "Traumnovelle" by) Stars Tom Cruise Nicole Kidman Todd Field Top credits Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Frederic Raphael(screenplay) Arthur Schnitzler(inspired by "Traumnovelle" by) Stars Tom Cruise Nicole Kidman Todd Field See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 290Critic reviews 68Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 12 wins & 30 nominations Videos5 Trailer 2:26 Trailer [EN] Trailer 1:03 Eyes Wide Shut Clip 3:37 Cate Blanchett Almost Played Clarice Starling? Clip 1:19 'Eye Wide Shut' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 1:38 A Guide to the Films of Stanley Kubrick Photos311 Top cast Edit Tom Cruise Dr. William Harfordas Dr. William Harford Nicole Kidman Alice Harfordas Alice Harford Todd Field Nick Nightingaleas Nick Nightingale Sydney Pollack Victor Ziegleras Victor Ziegler Madison Eginton Helena Harfordas Helena Harford Jackie Sawiris Rozas Roz Leslie Lowe Illonaas Illona Peter Hans Benson Bandleaderas Bandleader (as Peter Benson) Michael Doven Ziegler's Secretaryas Ziegler's Secretary Sky du Mont Sandor Szavostas Sandor Szavost (as Sky Dumont) Louise J. Taylor Gayleas Gayle (as Louise Taylor) Stewart Thorndike Nualaas Nuala Randall Paul Harrisas Harris Julienne Davis Mandyas Mandy Lisa Leone Lisaas Lisa Kevin Connealy Lou Nathansonas Lou Nathanson Marie Richardson Marionas Marion Thomas Gibson Carlas Carl Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stanley Kubrick(screenplay) Frederic Raphael(screenplay) Arthur Schnitzler(inspired by "Traumnovelle" by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films Director's Trademarks: A Guide to Stanley Kubrick's Films 2001: A Space Odyssey and Eyes Wide Shut are just the beginning of Stanley Kubrick's legacy. Are you up to speed on the film icon's style?Watch the video 1:38 More like this 7.5 Lolita 8.1 Barry Lyndon 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 7.9 Mulholland Dr. 8.4 The Shining 7.7 Blue Velvet 7.9 Spartacus 8.0 The Killing 6.6 Killer's Kiss Storyline Edit After his wife, Alice, tells him about her sexual fantasies, William Harford sets out for a night of sexual adventure. After several less than successful encounters, he meets an old friend, Nick Nightingale--now a musician--who tells him of strange sex parties where he is required to play the piano blindfolded. All the men at the party are costumed and wear masks while the women are all young and beautiful. Harford manages to find an appropriate costume and heads out to the party. Once there, however, he is warned by someone who recognizes him, despite the mask, that he is in great danger. He manages to extricate himself, but the threats prove to be quite real and sinister. —garykmcd orgypasswordprostitutesex partysexual fantasy336 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Cruise. Kidman. Kubrick. Genres Drama Mystery Thriller Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Stanley Kubrick died just four days after presenting Warner Bros. with what was reported to be a final cut of the film, after a legendarily long shoot. His friends and family, as well as the cast and crew of the film, all claimed that Kubrick's death was completely unexpected and that he never seemed to be in poor health while making the film. Goofs Bill Harford arrives at Rainbow Fashions by taxi from the Sonata Cafe, and as he talks to Milich, Gillespie's Diner can be been seen across the other side of the street. Earlier in the story we discover that Gillespie's is next door to the Sonata Cafe, so there's no way he would have taken a taxi just to cross the street (not even in NYC). Quotes [last lines] Alice Harford: I do love you and you know there is something very important we need to do as soon as possible. Dr. Bill Harford: What's that? Alice Harford: Fuck. Crazy credits The end credits are a slideshow. This is unusual for a film of its time, when many employed rolling end credits. Alternate versions The Europeans version is completely uncensored. The orgy scene was partially censored in the American release to avoid an "NC-17" rating. Computer generated people were placed in front of the sexually explicit action to obscure it from view. Connections Edited into Hai-Kubrick (1999) Soundtracks Musica Ricercata II: Mesto, Rigido e Cerimonale (1950) Performed by Dominic Harlan, piano Written by György Ligeti Published by Schott Musik International GmbH & Co. KG User reviews1.6K Review Top review 10/10 A fitting completion to Kubrick's study of humanity I managed to swallow my expectations before the film, setting myself to judge it on its own without judging it as a Kubrick film. No need, no need! This film IS a Kubrick film, without any doubt, and as all Kubrick films are it was absolutely stunning. Absolutely. Visually it is brilliant, though I should warn that this isn't quite as visual a film as most other Kubrick works. A lot of the film focuses on the characters, on human interaction, something rather new to this director. Of course, all the Kubrick trademarks are there, cold analytical gazes, sharp introspection. Tom Cruise seems like Jack Nicholson in 'The Shining' and even Malcolm MacDowell in 'A Clockwork Orange' at times, a rather striking fact considering that this is Tom Cruise. The performances were excellent all around, even from places not expected. Again, this is typical for Kubrick. He wasn't much of a people director, but he still knew how to direct people. Almost every moment of this film was flawless, perfect and pristine. The dialog is predictable, but in some solemn and holy fateful sort of way, as though the words and the moments are matched so essentially that nothing else could possibly fit. Beyond that the sounds and images all fit together beautifully, creating an almost unblemished whole. The only part that didn't seem right was the sequence that had been digitally altered. While the alterations were not nearly so obtrusive as I had feared (not knowing about them one probably wouldn't notice them) they do grow a bit noticeable for redundancy (you see a lot more backs than you'd expect, and always in the same places). Unfortunately these came right in the middle of one of the most visually amazing pieces of the film (one of the most amazing pieces of cinema as a whole, in my opinion), a very unwelcome distraction. Is this movie about sex? Yes, it is, but more importantly it is about people. The sex part is simply a product thereof. This is one of the most disturbingly honest portraits of human behavior and motivations ever made. The most honest I've ever seen, at least. To be put simply: It is about sex because people are about sex. I'm still trying to sort through this movie. It's been a good twelve hours since I saw it, and I can still feel it, hard and definite, rotating in my stomach. The film itself seems mostly void of opinion (not entirely, but mostly), serving more as a general statement and commentary than any specific moral warning, but the questions it inspires are very strong indeed. The film, being objective, provides no answers, no justification for humanity. There is no redemption, either, none whatsoever. The film's final word sums it (it being the film and humanity) up pretty well, for better or for worse. I guess that depends on you. A common thread in Kubrick's films since 2001 has been the contemplation and examination of human intentions, the essence of human behavior. Motivations. He's shown us violence and madness and everything else, all tracking the path back to the dawn of man. I think he finally figured it out with this film, however anticlimactic the discovery might have been. At least he did finally figure it out. That's something. I am one of many. I never had the privilege to know Stanley Kubrick. I don't even know that privilege is the right word. I do know his films, though, and while I am in no position to say that I will miss him as a person, I can say, without doubt or hesitation, that I will miss him as a filmmaker. helpful•330 99 Skywise-4 Jul 17, 1999 FAQ17 How many versions of Eyes Wide Shut are there? What is Eyes Wide Shut actually about? What does the chanting at the mansion party mean? Details Edit Release date July 16, 1999 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official site Warner Bros. (United States) Language English Also known as Traumnovelle Filming locations Elveden Hall, Elveden, Suffolk, England, UK Production companies Warner Bros. Stanley Kubrick Productions Hobby Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $65,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $55,691,208 Opening weekend US & Canada $21,706,163 Jul 18, 1999 Gross worldwide $162,242,684 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 39 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby SDDS Related news Interview: Co-Writers/Co-Directors Jim Cummings and Pj McCabe Talk The Beta Test Nov 5DailyDead Pablo Larraín Nov 2Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.