Fantastic Mr. Fox (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0432283/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Fantastic Mr. Fox (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Fantastic Mr. Fox 20092009 PGPG 1h 27m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 215K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 446 88 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:00 14 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureComedy An urbane fox cannot resist returning to his farm raiding ways and then must help his community survive the farmers' retaliation.An urbane fox cannot resist returning to his farm raiding ways and then must help his community survive the farmers' retaliation.An urbane fox cannot resist returning to his farm raiding ways and then must help his community survive the farmers' retaliation. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 215K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 446 88 Director Wes Anderson Writers Roald Dahl(novel) Wes Anderson(screenplay) Noah Baumbach(screenplay) Stars George Clooney(voice) Meryl Streep(voice) Bill Murray(voice) Top credits Director Wes Anderson Writers Roald Dahl(novel) Wes Anderson(screenplay) Noah Baumbach(screenplay) Stars George Clooney(voice) Meryl Streep(voice) Bill Murray(voice) See production, box office & company info 370User reviews 352Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 32 wins & 63 nominations total Videos14 Trailer 2:00 Fantastic Mr. Fox -- Trailer #2 Clip 1:54 A Guide to the Films of Wes Anderson Clip 1:16 Fantastic Mr. Fox: Wes Anderson at the National Board of Review Featurette 2:40 It's in the Details Featurette 1:01 Creating Fox's World Featurette 0:59 Capturing Fox's World Featurette 1:36 On George Clooney as Mr. Fox Featurette 1:05 On Bill Murray as Badger Featurette 3:17 A Cutting-Edge Fox from Fantastic Mr. Fox Featurette 2:52 Fantastic Mr. Fox - The World of Roald Dahl Featurette 2:40 Fantastic Mr. Fox Interview 0:39 Fantastic Mr. Fox Photos172 Top cast Edit George Clooney Mr. Foxas Mr. Fox (voice) Meryl Streep Mrs. Foxas Mrs. Fox (voice) Bill Murray Badgeras Badger (voice) Jason Schwartzman Ashas Ash (voice) Wallace Wolodarsky Kylieas Kylie (voice) (as Wally Wolodarsky) Eric Chase Anderson Kristoffersonas Kristofferson (voice) (as Eric Anderson) Michael Gambon Franklin Beanas Franklin Bean (voice) Willem Dafoe Ratas Rat (voice) Owen Wilson Coach Skipas Coach Skip (voice) Jarvis Cocker Peteyas Petey (voice) Wes Anderson Weaselas Weasel (voice) Karen Duffy Linda Otteras Linda Otter (voice) Robin Hurlstone Walter Boggisas Walter Boggis (voice) Hugo Guinness Nathan Bunceas Nathan Bunce (voice) Helen McCrory Mrs. Beanas Mrs. Bean (voice) Roman Coppola Squirrel Contractoras Squirrel Contractor (voice) Juman Malouf Agnesas Agnes (voice) Jeremy Dawson Beaver's Sonas Beaver's Son (voice) Director Wes Anderson Writers Roald Dahl(novel) Wes Anderson(screenplay) Noah Baumbach(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson IMDb takes a closer look at the trademarks of Wes Anderson's directorial style, including tracking shots, hand-placed objects, distinct color palettes, and more.Watch the video 1:54 More like this 7.7 Coraline 8.0 The Iron Giant 7.0 Chicken Run 7.2 Rango 7.8 Kubo and the Two Strings 7.4 The Curse of the Were-Rabbit 8.0 Ratatouille 7.3 Corpse Bride 8.0 The Incredibles 7.7 The Lego Movie 7.9 Shrek 7.2 A Bug's Life Storyline Edit This is the story of Mr. Fox (George Clooney) and his wild ways of hen heckling, turkey taking, and cider sipping, nocturnal, instinctive adventures. He has to put his wild days behind him and do what fathers do best: be responsible. He is too rebellious. He is too wild. He is going to try "just one more raid" on the three nastiest, meanest farmers that are Walter Boggis (Robin Hurlstone), Nathan Bunce (Hugo Guinness), and Franklin Bean (Sir Michael Gambon). It is a tale of crossing the line of family responsibilities and midnight adventure and the friendships and awakenings of this country life that is inhabited by Fantastic Mr. Fox and his friends. —Cinema_Fan foxstop motion animationfarmerpuppet animationtheft113 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Based on the beloved book by Roald Dahl. Genres Animation Adventure Comedy Crime Drama Family Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for action, smoking and slang humor Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Roald Dahl's "Fantastic Mr. Fox" was the first book writer, producer, and director Wes Anderson owned. His mother, Texas Ann Burroughs, bought it for him at the St. Francis book fair in Austin, Texas when he was about seven years old. Anderson has kept this same copy on his bookshelf ever since. Goofs The rabid beagle's tag reads Canis familiaris, an obsolete classification. Tame dogs (familiaris) are now considered to be a subspecies of the wolf Canis lupus (which Fox correctly identified on the mountain), rather than their own species. Since news of species revisions travels slowly, it is realistic that not everyone has heard of the change. Quotes Mole: I just want to see... a little sunshine. Mr. Fox: But you're nocturnal, Phil. Your eyes barely open on a good day. Mole: I'm sick of your double talk, we have rights! Crazy credits The film title appears on a library book, homaging the film as a novel adaptation. Connections Featured in Live from Studio Five: Episode #1.23 (2009) Soundtracks The Ballad of Davy Crockett Music by George Bruns (uncredited) Lyrics by Thomas W. Blackburn (uncredited) Performed by The Wellingtons Courtesy of Walt Disney Records User reviews370 Review Top review Sartre and Satire Fantastic Mr. Fox is acclaimed director Wes Anderson's first animation, specifically stop-motion, and it's, well, fantastic. George Clooney's voice as the head fox of an animal clan that shouts diversity is straight out of Danny Ocean-- cool and witty with an overlay of sentimentality that would convince you to open your hen house door to let him have his way. That's after his little speech that tries existentialism on for size, foxwise that is: "Why a fox? Why not a horse, or a beetle, or a bald eagle? I'm saying this more as, like, existentialism, you know? Who am I?" As the animals pull a caper against farmer Bean (Michael Gambon) and his thugs, the animation pulls away from the gloom of another winner this year, Where the Wild Things Are, and confirms the fun of a well told beast fable with loads of anthropomorphism to reaffirm our love of humanity and confirm that animals, like us, will always be animals. The ease with which Anderson/Clooney convince that this stealing and mayhem are what animals do is a tribute to script and performance that seduce us into the stylistic den of thieves known as the fox lair and all its attitude and custom, sanctioned by mother nature herself. Mr. Fox: "The cuss am I? Are you cussing with me?" Badger (Bill Murray): "No, you cussing with me?" Mr. Fox: "Don't cussing point at me!" Such an exchange is indicative of the fun Anderson has with kids and adults by not bombarding the youngsters with profanity but winking at the adults as if to say, "You know what I mean." And the most violent moment comes not from scenes with guns but rather where the animals steal chickens and break their necks, done so gingerly and quietly that it seems what it is: Just what foxes do and what humans must do to eat the chickens. Darwin meets the cartoons: Mr. Fox: "And how can a fox ever be happy without, you'll forgive the expression, a chicken in its teeth?" That's Wes Anderson for you: Sartre and satire with a dash of dashing fox. helpful•118 33 jdesando Nov 25, 2009 FAQ5 Is 'Fantastic Mr. Fox' based on a book? Where is Fantastic Mr. Fox set? What kind of animal is Coach Skip? Details Edit Release date October 23, 2009 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English French Also known as 了不起的狐狸爸爸 Filming locations Three Mills Studios, Three Mill Lane, Bow, London, England, UK Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Indian Paintbrush New Regency Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $21,002,919 Opening weekend US & Canada $265,900 Nov 15, 2009 Gross worldwide $46,474,181 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 27 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS SDDS Dolby Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Peter Bart: Wes Anderson’s Road Company Of Stars Has Turned His Art Movies Into A Mini-Franchise Nov 4Deadline Film + TV 10 Best Thanksgiving Comedies Of All Time Nov 3ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.