Fargo (1996) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116282/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Fargo (1996) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Fargo 19961996 RR 1h 38m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 647K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 334 351 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:32 12 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeThriller Minnesota car salesman Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.Minnesota car salesman Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.Minnesota car salesman Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 647K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 334 351 Directors Joel Coen Ethan Coen(uncredited) Writers Ethan Coen Joel Coen Stars William H. Macy Frances McDormand Steve Buscemi Top credits Directors Joel Coen Ethan Coen(uncredited) Writers Ethan Coen Joel Coen Stars William H. Macy Frances McDormand Steve Buscemi See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 243Critic reviews 85Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #176 Won 2 Oscars 83 wins & 58 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 0:32 Fargo Trailer 0:32 Fargo Trailer 0:17 Fargo Trailer 0:17 Fargo Trailer 2:08 Fargo Trailer 0:32 Fargo Trailer 0:30 Fargo Clip 1:34 'Fargo' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 4:16 Where 'Star Trek 4' Should Boldly Go Clip 3:23 'Buster Scruggs': The Coen Bros.' Misunderstood, Misanthropic Masterwork Clip 1:56 A Guide to the Films of the Coen Brothers Clip 3:57 The Rise of Oscar Winner Frances McDormand Photos115 Top cast Edit William H. Macy Jerry Lundegaardas Jerry Lundegaard Frances McDormand Marge Gundersonas Marge Gunderson Steve Buscemi Carl Showalteras Carl Showalter Peter Stormare Gaear Grimsrudas Gaear Grimsrud Kristin Rudrüd Jean Lundegaardas Jean Lundegaard Harve Presnell Wade Gustafsonas Wade Gustafson Tony Denman Scotty Lundegaardas Scotty Lundegaard Gary Houston Irate Customeras Irate Customer Sally Wingert Irate Customer's Wifeas Irate Customer's Wife Kurt Schweickhardt Car Salesmanas Car Salesman Larissa Kokernot Hooker #1as Hooker #1 Melissa Peterman Hooker #2as Hooker #2 Steve Reevis Shep Proudfootas Shep Proudfoot (as Steven Reevis) Warren Keith Reilly Diefenbachas Reilly Diefenbach (voice) Steve Edelman Morning Show Hostas Morning Show Host Sharon Anderson Morning Show Hostessas Morning Show Hostess Larry Brandenburg Stan Grossmanas Stan Grossman James Gaulke State Trooperas State Trooper Directors Joel Coen Ethan Coen(uncredited) Writers Ethan Coen Joel Coen All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 The Big Lebowski 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.2 There Will Be Blood 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.9 Fargo 7.2 Fargo 8.1 Trainspotting 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.3 American Beauty 8.1 Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri Storyline Edit Jerry works in his father-in-law's car dealership and has gotten himself in financial problems. He tries various schemes to come up with money needed for a reason that is never really explained. It has to be assumed that his huge embezzlement of money from the dealership is about to be discovered by father-in-law. When all else falls through, plans he set in motion earlier for two men to kidnap his wife for ransom to be paid by her wealthy father (who doesn't seem to have the time of day for son-in-law). From the moment of the kidnapping, things go wrong and what was supposed to be a non-violent affair turns bloody with more blood added by the minute. Jerry is upset at the bloodshed, which turns loose a pregnant sheriff from Brainerd, MN who is tenacious in attempting to solve the three murders in her jurisdiction. —Anonymous black comedybotched crimesnowfargo north dakotaamericana272 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A homespun murder story. Genres Crime Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence, language and sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The snow plow that drives past the motel at the end of the film was not part of the script. Signs in the area warned motorists not to drive through due to filming, but a state employee ignored them. Goofs Jean Lundegaard dials 911 from a phone in the upstairs bathroom. A few seconds later, the phone is disconnected. While modern 911 systems could automatically identify the address, that was not the case in 1987. The dispatcher might not have been able to take any further action. Quotes Marge Gunderson: [to Gaear] So, that was Mrs. Lundegaard on the floor in there. And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper. And those three people in Brainerd. And for what? For a little bit of money? There's more to life than a little money, you know. Don'tcha know that? And here ya are, and it's a beautiful day. Well. I just don't understand it. Crazy credits A symbol similar to the Artist Formerly Known as Prince is in the credits as "victim in field", but it is not him, it is J. Todd Anderson, the storyboard artist. Alternate versions Polygram Filmed Entertainment sold most of its film library to MGM in 1999. As a result, when the video and DVD were re-issued by MGM video, the MGM lion logo was added to the beginning of the film. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Up Close and Personal/Muppet Treasure Island/Fargo/Heidi Fleiss: Hollywood Madam/The Young Poisoner's Handbook (1996) Soundtracks Do You Know the Way to San Jose Written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David Published by Blue Seas Music, Inc. and JAC Music Co., Inc. Recording courtesy Alshire International Muzak heard playing while Marge and Norm Gunderson are at an all-you-can-eat buffet User reviews1K Review Top review You're darned tootin'! "What'd this guy look like anyway?" "Oh, he was a little guy, kinda funny lookin'." "Uh-huh. In what way?" "Just a general way." In that interplay between a Brainerd, MN., police officer and a witness discussing a criminal investigation, you have one of your principal pieces of dialogue from what is considered by many to be Joel and Ethan Coen's finest film. Of course you can draw comparisons to others they've made, such as Blood Simple, Raising Arizona, even Barton Fink and The Big Lebowski. But Fargo illustrates the Coen Brothers' takes on plot, art and drama more succinctly and emotionally than any of those others. Here you have a set of memorable, if not always likable, characters in a plot that goes from clunky to chaotic in the most unspoiled manner, from Jerry Lundegaard's stilted conversation with Gaear and Carl in a bar in Fargo at the beginning of the movie - the only occasion in which the movie specifically shows you Fargo, N.D. - to Marge Gunderson's confrontation with Gaear and the wood-chipper. Frances McDormand deservedly won an Oscar for playing a well-balanced, intelligent, pregnant police officer placing her own straightforward methodology on to an investigation of bizarre goings-on. And William H. Macy gives a true one-two punch playing a frenetically-charged, fearful and, in the end, inept used car salesman trying in the most remarkable manner to make money. The two best scenes in the movie are the two occasions in which Marge questions Jerry about the Brainerd murders and a car from his lot being involved -- I couldn't imagine an actress doing a better job of seriously but comically exclaiming, "He's fleeing the interview!" Notable among the actors as well are Steve Buscemi and Peter Stormare playing Carl and Gaear, the two hit men hired by Jerry to help him con his father-in-law out of money. There's comic brilliance watching Stormare silently grimace at Buscemi's violent but gregarious behavior, and Buscemi shines being able to play the most out-of-control of all the characters in the movie. Kristin Rudrüd also stands out playing Jean Lundegaard, Jerry's haplessly kidnapped wife. If you can appreciate an intelligent look at not-always-so-intelligent life on this planet, you'll enjoy the little more than the hour and a half this movie has to show you. helpful•294 59 aharmon Apr 2, 2001 FAQ11 What was Carl Showalter doing in the car park (the one he didn't want to park in) with the white car, he was removing the snow from the number plate... why? Is "Fargo" based on a true story? Did a Japanese woman die because she believed the movie was true? Details Edit Release date April 5, 1996 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 冰血暴 Filming locations Fargo, North Dakota, USA Production companies PolyGram Filmed Entertainment Working Title Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $7,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $24,611,975 Opening weekend US & Canada $730,265 Mar 10, 1996 Gross worldwide $60,611,975 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby SR Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘Batman,’ ‘The Royal Tenenbaums,’ ‘Mad Max: Fury Road’ and ‘Tootsie’ Set for Tribeca Drive-In Series Jul 21The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Mother superior: it’s been a great year for on-screen mums Dec 15The Guardian - Film News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Fargo (1996)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.