Fast & Furious 7 (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2820852/
Fast & Furious 7 (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Fast & Furious 7 20152015 PG-13PG-13 2h 17m IMDb RATING 7.1/10 377K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 953 135 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:50 37 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother.Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother.Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. IMDb RATING 7.1/10 377K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 953 135 Director James Wan Writers Chris Morgan Gary Scott Thompson(characters) Stars Vin Diesel Paul Walker Dwayne Johnson Top credits Director James Wan Writers Chris Morgan Gary Scott Thompson(characters) Stars Vin Diesel Paul Walker Dwayne Johnson See production, box office & company info 780User reviews 463Critic reviews 67Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 36 wins & 36 nominations Videos37 Trailer 2:50 Trailer Trailer 2:49 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:32 Trailer #1 Clip 3:31 Everything We Know About 'F9' Clip 4:38 How Fans Resurrected a Beloved Character for 'F9' Clip 1:37 A Guide to the Films of James Wan Clip 1:00 Clip Clip 1:00 Clip Clip 1:28 Clip Clip 1:22 Clip Clip 1:12 Clip Clip 0:59 Clip Photos153 Top cast Edit Vin Diesel Dominic Torettoas Dominic Toretto Paul Walker Brian O'Conneras Brian O'Conner Dwayne Johnson Hobbsas Hobbs Jason Statham Deckard Shawas Deckard Shaw Michelle Rodriguez Lettyas Letty Jordana Brewster Miaas Mia Tyrese Gibson Romanas Roman Ludacris Tejas Tej (as Chris 'Ludacris' Bridges) Lucas Black Sean Boswellas Sean Boswell Kurt Russell Mr. Nobodyas Mr. Nobody Nathalie Emmanuel Ramseyas Ramsey Elsa Pataky Elenaas Elena Gal Gadot Giseleas Gisele John Brotherton Sheppardas Sheppard Luke Evans Owen Shawas Owen Shaw Tony Jaa Kietas Kiet Djimon Hounsou Jakandeas Jakande Noel Gugliemi Hectoras Hector Director James Wan Writers Chris Morgan Gary Scott Thompson(characters) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.0 Furious 6 6.6 The Fate of the Furious 7.3 Fast Five 6.6 Fast & Furious 6.8 The Fast and the Furious 6.0 The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift 5.9 2 Fast 2 Furious 6.4 Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw 5.2 F9 6.7 Fast & Furious 6: Take Control 6.2 The Turbo Charged Prelude for 2 Fast 2 Furious Fast & Furious 10 Storyline Edit Dominic and his crew thought they'd left the criminal mercenary life behind. They'd defeated international terrorist Owen Shaw and went their separate ways. But now, Shaw's brother, Deckard Shaw, is out killing the crew one by one for revenge. Worse, a Somalian terrorist called Jakarde and a shady government official called "Mr. Nobody" are both competing to steal a computer terrorism program called "God's Eye," that can turn any technological device into a weapon. Torretto must reconvene with his team to stop Shaw and retrieve the God's Eye program while caught in a power struggle between the terrorist and the United States government. —ahmetkozan car falling off a cliffstar died before releasebulletproof vestterroristrevenge355 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Vengeance hits home Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for prolonged frenetic sequences of violence, action and mayhem, suggestive content and brief strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Body doubles, stunt doubles, and CGI were used to complete the film following Paul Walker's death. Walker's brothers Caleb Walker and Cody Walker were among the doubles, and also provided voice-over for the character Brian O'Conner. Goofs During the final fight between Toretto and Shaw, Vin Diesel's stunt double has much darker skin than Diesel. Quotes [last lines] Dominic Toretto: [remembering the time he had with Brian] I used to say I live my life a quarter mile at a time and I think that's why we were brothers - because you did too. No matter where you are, whether it's a quarter mile away or half way across the world, you'll always be with me. And you'll always be my brother. Crazy credits Before the credits, there is a title card that reads, "For Paul", dedicating the film to deceased star Paul Walker. Alternate versions The 140-minute extended version of the film has the following additions: No doubt the biggest addition is the longer opening sequence where Deckard narrates their shared past as children including him punished by their father for what Owen would steal. He also knew that Owen would end up in the current predicament despite being a gangster, smarter, better and being trained by him. It then continues to the theatrical-version's opening of laying the machine gun on Owen's chest before he leaves the hospital. A different line when Deckard responds to Hobbs why he's in his office: "I don't care for your computer. I'm here for the team that crippled my brother." The graveyard chase is slightly longer. The number of punches, kicks and head butts between Letty and Kara is almost doubled. The shootout at the warehouse is longer, especially it has Mr. Nobody killing a three more of Jakande's mercenaries. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Vin Diesel/Carl Reiner/Kobe Bryant/Iggy Azalea and Jennifer Hudson (2015) Soundtracks Payback Written by Alex Schwartz, Joe Khajadourian, Geoffrey Patrick Earley, Sage the Gemini (as Dominic W. Woods), Kevin Gates (as Kevin Gilyard), Juicy J, Future, Gilbere Forte Performed by Juicy J (as Juicy J), Kevin Gates, Future and Sage the Gemini Produced by The Futuristics Additional production by Geoffro Cause Strings arranged & conducted by Brian Tyler Juicy J appears courtesy of Kemosabe Records/Columbia Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment Kevin Gates appears courtesy of Breadwinners Association/Atlantic Recording Corporation Future appears courtesy of Epic Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment Sage The Gemini appears courtesy of EMPIRE Recordings/Republic Records User reviews780 Review Top review 8/10 Autistic Reviewers opinion on this movie. Fast & Furious has become a huge recognizable name in action, today it stands as a huge box-office hit for distributor Universal Studios. With this anticipated seventh installment, they have pulled out the big guns on action, fun and surprisingly emotion as the series reaches new heights and its trademarks that make it recognized. The film lifts off where the previous 6th outing left, Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) and crew are home in America having securing their amnesties and living their lives in peace with loved ones: with Toretto still helping his love Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) regain her memories and O'Connor adjusting to fatherhood to his growing son. But this peace will be shattered when one of their own is killed by the target cross-eye of Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) who is avenging his brother's demise. James Wan may be known for his contributions to horror-thriller genre (Insidious, The Conjuring, Saw and Death Sentence) but his direction and view of an action genre film is indeed an strong impression that left me and audiences in excitement. Wan proves that action is driven on speed, choreography and style and this makes F&F7 a worthy example of this. The action sequences are all big, loud and pack plenty of eye candy for action fans; from a rescue mission on a moving bus, building jumping, shootouts, fistfights and an explosive climax that takes place in an urban city. Practical stunts, assisting CGI and well-choreographed eye on detail make F&F7 worthy contender for visual effects and stunt awards in the coming year. Casting as always is close and fun in the F&F series, with Diesel, Walker, Rodriguez, Gibson, Bridges, Brewster and Johnson sharing the leading formula that makes their characters seem so likable, with Johnson, Russell, Hounsou, Emmanuel and Statham proving great supporting roles. But sadly here it is final acting appearance of the late Paul Walker (who had died in an unexpected event) which left the film in a stand-still and its cast and fans worldwide in deep sadness. The film was delayed for a year and a half but the result was something that would touch not only the audience but its crew and cast. The final scene indeed left people crying in the theater but it was a touching and emotionally connected moment that hasn't been seen in film in some years, it made me feel both sad and touched and feeling that the F&F series had ended perfectly as it won't be the same without Walker. Fast & Furious 7 is not only a fast driven action ride but in terms of quality, production value and emotion it proves to be the best of the series and one of this year's best films to have seen. It's only a thought now to see how Mad Max: Fury Road (releasing on May 14th 2015) will overthrow the action and car stunts that F&F7 has established a strong impression among audiences, but regardless this film will indeed be on your to 'see list'. Walker would have been deeply proud of how the film turned out in the end. 4/5 – Nick & Jay helpful•42 8 autisticreviewers Nov 10, 2015 FAQ4 Is 'Furious 7' based on a book? How did Paul Walker's death impact the filming? Is there a post-credits scene? Details Edit Release date April 12, 2015 (China) Countries of origin United States China Japan Canada United Arab Emirates Official sites Official site (United Kingdom) Official Twitter (Italy) Languages English Thai Arabic Spanish Also known as 速度与激情7 Filming locations Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Production companies Universal Pictures Media Rights Capital (MRC) China Film Group Corporation (CFGC) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $190,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $353,007,020 Opening weekend US & Canada $147,187,040 Apr 5, 2015 Gross worldwide $1,515,341,399 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 17 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Atmos Auro 11.1 SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Dwayne Johnson Reteaming With ‘Jumanji’ Franchise Filmmaker Jake Kasdan For Amazon Studios Holiday Pic Oct 29Deadline Film + TV Stuart Ford’s AGC and Image Nation Abu Dhabi Unveil Teaser for ‘The Ambush,’ Largest Arab Film Shot in UAE Oct 14Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.