Fatal Attraction (1987) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093010/
Fatal Attraction (1987) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Fatal Attraction 19871987 RR 1h 59m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 82K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,212 86 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:34 3 Videos 98 Photos DramaThriller A married man's one-night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family.A married man's one-night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family.A married man's one-night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 82K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,212 86 Director Adrian Lyne Writer James Dearden(screenplay) Stars Michael Douglas Glenn Close Anne Archer Top credits Director Adrian Lyne Writer James Dearden(screenplay) Stars Michael Douglas Glenn Close Anne Archer See production, box office & company info 286User reviews 111Critic reviews 67Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 6 Oscars 7 wins & 22 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 1:34 Fatal Attraction Video 3:14 Athletes Who Chose Acting Over Football Video 2:29 The Watchlist With "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend" Star Rachel Bloom Photos98 Top cast Edit Michael Douglas Dan Gallagheras Dan Gallagher Glenn Close Alex Forrestas Alex Forrest Anne Archer Beth Gallagheras Beth Gallagher Ellen Latzen Ellen Gallagheras Ellen Gallagher Stuart Pankin Jimmyas Jimmy Ellen Foley Hildyas Hildy Fred Gwynne Arthuras Arthur Meg Mundy Joan Rogersonas Joan Rogerson Tom Brennan Howard Rogersonas Howard Rogerson Lois Smith Marthaas Martha Mike Nussbaum Bob Drimmeras Bob Drimmer J.J. Johnston O'Rourkeas O'Rourke Michael Arkin Lieutenantas Lieutenant Sam Coppola Fusellias Fuselli (as Sam J. Coppola) Eunice Prewitt Receptionistas Receptionist Jane Krakowski Babysitteras Babysitter Justine Johnston Real Estate Agentas Real Estate Agent Mary Joy Teacheras Teacher Director Adrian Lyne Writer James Dearden(screenplay) (short film) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.0 Basic Instinct 6.1 Disclosure 6.0 Indecent Proposal 6.8 The War of the Roses 6.5 A Perfect Murder 6.7 The Hand That Rocks the Cradle 6.4 Single White Female 7.4 Wall Street 6.0 Nine 1/2 Weeks 6.3 Sleeping with the Enemy 6.1 The Jewel of the Nile 6.9 Romancing the Stone Storyline Edit Happily married New York lawyer Dan Gallagher has an affair with his colleague Alex, and the two enjoy a love weekend while Dan's wife and kid are away. But Alex will not let go of him, and she will stop at nothing to have him for herself. Just how far will she go to get what she wants? —Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> borderline personality disorderkilling a petstalkerkilling a rabbitsex scene263 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines On the other side of drinks, dinner and a one night stand, lies a terrifying love story. Genres Drama Thriller Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Glenn Close still has the knife she used in the movie hanging in her kitchen, stating: "It's beautiful, made of wood and paper. It's a work of art! And it's nice for our guests to see it. It lets them know they can't stay forever." Goofs While Dan is in his attic study listening to a tape, Beth can be seen reflected in the window, waiting just out of shot for her cue. Quotes Telephone Operator: Operator. May I help you? Alex Forrest: Operator, I've been trying to get 555-812-9212? The recording says its been disconnected. Telephone Operator: Just a moment please. [pause] Telephone Operator: I'm sorry, the number's been changed to an unlisted number. Alex Forrest: Operator, this is a real emergency .You need to give me that number. Telephone Operator: I'm sorry. We're not allowed to give out that information. Alex Forrest: Well, fuck you! Telephone Operator: My place or yours? [Alex slams phone] Crazy credits Barbara Harris is sometimes credited under the name Barbara Iley. In the final credits here, under 'Party Guests,' she is credited under both names. Alternate versions In the network version shown on TNT in the scene where Alex phones Dan at 2:13 a.m., there is additional dialogue between Dan and Beth after Dan hangs up the phone that is not in the theatrical/DVD version. Beth asks, "Who in the hell was that?" Dan says that it was a client calling and that this happens when you're a lawyer (being called at odd hours). Beth says that it's the middle of the night, still wondering why someone would call at 2:15 a.m. Dan justifies this by saying it's only 11:00 or so in L.A. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Fatal Attraction/The Principal/Orphans/Amazon Women on the Moon/In the Mood (1987) Soundtracks SELECTIONS FROM PUCCINI'S MADAMA BUTTERFLY (1904) Music by Giacomo Puccini (as Puccini) Performed by Mirella Freni, Luciano Pavarotti & Christa Ludwig Conducted by Herbert von Karajan (as Herbert Von Karajan) Courtesy of London Records A division of Polygram Classics, Inc. User reviews286 Review Top review 9/10 "It scared the living daylights out of every man in America!"... ... so says Tom Hanks in 1993's "Sleepless in Seattle" to his son in reference to this movie and comparing its outcome to a strange woman who has been writing the widower (Hanks) as a result of him appearing on a radio show. But that's another movie. The point is, its lesson was still easily recognizable in popular culture six years after it was made. What looks like an easy lay with a beautiful single woman can easily turn into an object lesson on Murphy's law. Dan Gallagher (Michael Douglas) is a successful NYC attorney, and on a weekend when his wife and daughter are away from home at his in-laws' house, he has a work meeting that includes Alex Forrest (Glenn Close), an editor for a publishing company. This leads to a drink at a bar, and that leads to a passionate one night stand that turns into a two night stand when Alex attempts suicide when Dan tries to leave. Dan thinks it's over. Alex has seemed to come to her senses. But then she tells him she is pregnant, and no she is having this baby because she is 36 and it may be her last chance. When Dan insists he is not leaving his wife for her, that he does not love her - well, let's just say that the opposite of love is not hate it's indifference, and Alex at first stalks Dan and gradually turns up the heat until his entire family is at risk. The suspense builds until the harrowing end. The thing is, Dan always loved his wife, subtly played by Ann Archer. She is beautiful, supportive, and he still has passion for her. They have a little girl and are a very happy family. But he just could not say no to what looked like a one night adventure that nobody need ever know about that turns into a nightmare. There is more to the film than the cautionary "Don't cheat on your wife" message. I think it's because Glenn Close does such a fantastic job playing Alex. There's something about her portrayal that, to me, paints Alex as ultimately powerful, not just outright insane. Until the end she mostly dominates what happens to Michael Douglas' character's life. I think this one has aged well and would still recommend it. helpful•30 1 AlsExGal May 21, 2017 FAQ1 Why do so many of these kinds of movies have their climactic end in a bathroom? Diabolique, Psycho, What Lies Beneath, this one etc. Details Edit Release date September 18, 1987 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 致命吸引力 Filming locations 135 Mianus River Road, Bedford, New York, USA Production company Paramount Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $14,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $156,645,693 Opening weekend US & Canada $7,602,740 Sep 20, 1987 Gross worldwide $320,145,693 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Party Down's Revival Is a Reason to Celebrate: See the Status of Other Remakes & Reboots Nov 16E! Online TVLine Items: Lizzy Caplan in Trouble, Days Christmas Movie and More Nov 16TVLine.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Fatal Attraction (1987) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.