Fawlty Towers (TV Series 1975–1979) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072500/trivia/?ref_=tt_trv_trv
Fawlty Towers (TV Series 1975–1979) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Fawlty Towers (1975–1979) Trivia Showing all 50 items Andrew Sachs (Manuel) was paid damages for his injuries by the BBC after a jacket was treated with acid by the special effects department to look as if it was on fire. It really did burn through to his skin and he bore the scars for a long time until they peeled off. 129 of 132 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The character Manuel is often criticized as an overtly racist stereotype that would not be allowed in a modern television series. However Andrew Sachs defended the character, saying, "If it's insulting to the Spanish what is Basil to the British?" According to John Cleese, the character of Manuel was not meant to be a joke about stupid foreigners, since Manuel is a very lovely man who really does his best to get everything right. Manuel's problem is his poor English, which is a parody on mingy hotel and restaurant owners, simply hiring cheap people who are desperate for work, without giving them proper training. 126 of 130 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Andrew Sachs was a German Jew by birth and was asked to dub his own lines into German when the series was exported. Being a native German speaker, he had no problem with the script, but it took him quite a while to work out how to speak German with a Spanish accent. 135 of 140 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Basil and Sybil Fawlty were based on Donald and Beatrice Sinclair, genuine hoteliers who ran the 41-bed Gleneagles Hotel in Torquay where John Cleese stayed whilst filming on location in early May 1970 with the Monty Python's Flying Circus (1969) team. Mr Sinclair's irascible antics included: berating Terry Gilliam for eating his meals in "too American" a way (ie. with knife and fork in the 'wrong' hands); throwing Eric Idle's briefcase over a wall because of a "bomb scare" (the scare was that Idle left the briefcase in the reception area); disbelief at Michael Palin asking to pre-book the Gleneagles TV to catch a show; after Graham Chapman requested an omelette made with three eggs, Sinclair brought him an omelet with three fried eggs perched on top (and refused to serve him a brandy); when asked by Cleese to call for a taxi, he argued with Cleese and took his time calling for the cab. Mrs Sinclair later complained that the sit-com had been unfair to her husband, and she described John Cleese as an "utter fool" who had "made millions out of our unhappiness". The Gleneagles Hotel, under new ownership, ran Fawlty Towers weekends once a month where guests were looked after by actors who play the part of Basil, Sybil and Manuel. Opened in 1963, it closed permanently in February 2015, and is to be demolished with retirement apartments built on the site. Cleese later used the name "Donald P. Sinclair" for his eccentric billionaire character in the movie Rat Race (2001). 211 of 221 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During the original run of the series, Richard Ingrams - then editor of "Private Eye" - wrote a scathing review of the programme. John Cleese had known Ingrams for many years and was also a friend of the magazine's proprietor, Peter Cook, and so took great exception to the review. Cleese's revenge was to write in a character called Mr Ingrams into a later episode, a guest whom Basil discovers in his pyjamas, blowing up an inflatable sex doll. 105 of 109 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese (Basil Fawlty) and Connie Booth (Polly Sherman) were really husband and wife when they created and wrote the scripts for the first series. By the beginning of filming for the second season their marriage had fallen apart and they had divorced. 112 of 117 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Terry the chef was introduced in series 2 because Cleese and Booth thought the hotel looked understaffed. Cleese advised Brian Hall to play him as if he was being sought by the police for an unspecified crime, hence Terry's sometimes skittish behaviour. 84 of 87 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options As the series progressed, each episode's opening shot of the Fawlty Towers hotel sign shows rearranged and misplaced letters. Variations include: Watery Fowls (with a kid seen adjusting it), Farty Tower, Flay Otters, Fatty Owls, Warty Towels, Flowery Twats and Farty Towels. Production team-member Iain McLean supplied the hotel sign anagrams supposedly left by aggrieved paperboys. 80 of 83 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese (Basil) nearly knocked Andrew Sachs (Manuel) out with a heavy saucepan when the actor made an unexpected move during filming after five days of rehearsals. The hapless actor had a headache for two days. 78 of 81 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese once inadvertently revealed in an interview that he had based Basil Fawlty on Mr Donald Sinclair, the owner of a hotel on the English south coast where he and the rest of the Pythons had stayed during filming for Monty Python's Flying Circus (1969). The press quickly tracked down the hotel and Mr Sinclair, but he reportedly refused to talk to them. According to Cleese, Mr Sinclair's daughter did speak to some journalists, and stated that she had never seen an episode of Fawlty Towers. After being shown Cleese's portrayal, her response was "Yup, that's Daddy". 63 of 65 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese says in his DVD commentary that Prunella Scales was so unlike the character she played, the harpy Sybil Fawlty, that they had trouble getting the tenderhearted Scales to hit Basil or any other character who incurred Sybil's displeasure hard enough to make it look realistic and were constantly having to do retakes of her scenes. 88 of 92 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Sybil's distinctive laugh was based on Connie Booth's. 85 of 89 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Each script took six weeks to write (with no dialogue scripted until at least two-and-a-half weeks in, to get the plots in order first), five days to rehearse and one evening to record in the studio in front of a live audience - a total of 42 weeks to produce each series of six episodes. 83 of 87 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The recording of the final episode Fawlty Towers: Basil the Rat (1979) was postponed due to a BBC strike, and so was not broadcast until October 1979, six months after the rest of the series. 50 of 52 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the Spanish dubbed version none of Manuel's jokes would make any sense, so they changed his character to an Italian from Naples. In the Catalan and French dub, he was changed to a Mexican. 25 of 25 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options There are persistent rumors of a missing episode, which existed only in a rough-cut form, about a blackout in the hotel. This has been emphatically denied by cast, crew and writers, however, and there is no supportive BBC documentation for filming/recording dates. 52 of 55 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the episode Fawlty Towers: The Builders (1975), Basil informs some of the hotel's regular guests that they will need to go to "Gleneagles" for dinner while the work is in progress. Gleneagles was the name of the Torquay hotel on which Fawlty Towers was based. 38 of 40 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The building used for the exterior shots, in the grounds of the Wooburn Grange Country Club in Buckinghamshire, was severely damaged by a fire in March of 1991. The building was subsequently demolished and 8 homes were later built on the grounds. 51 of 55 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In an interview, Cleese explained that Basil was meant to be a totally unlikable character, only behaving nice towards people who could improve the status of the hotel and becoming rude as soon as he finds out they won't. According to Cleese, people might feel sympathetic towards Basil since he "makes them laugh", while they would hate him when meeting in real life. 34 of 36 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese was paid £6,000 (roughly equivalent to $31,000 in 2019) for writing, performing, and filming the first series. The series consumed 43 weeks of work in 1975. Cleese remarked "So if people like Fawlty Towers they have to thank all the advertisers who offered me commercials because that was what subsidised my ability to spend all that time writing scripts." 26 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actor Terence Conoley appears as two different characters. In the season one episode Fawlty Towers: A Touch of Class (1975) he plays 'Mr. Wareing'. In the season two episode Fawlty Towers: Waldorf Salad (1979), he appears again, this time wearing a toupee, as 'Mr. Johnson'. 33 of 35 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options After Andrew Sachs passed away in November 2016, the BBC reaired the episode "Communication Problems", with a dedication by John Cleese. 33 of 35 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The production team spent nearly an hour editing each minute of every program, spending up to 25 hours on each show. 40 of 43 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When asked in an interview, Cleese remarked that his favorite episode was the final one, Fawlty Towers: Basil the Rat (1979). Cleese said the episode was only the true ensemble effort of the cast. Each member of the hotel staff contributed an equal share to the farcical story because the only true antagonist was the rat which, of course, had no lines. 25 of 26 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook |&nbsp; Twitter | Permalink Hide options Martin Scorsese has said he is a great fan of Fawlty Towers. 105 of 121 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese wrote a forerunner to "Fawlty Towers" in Doctor at Large: No Ill Feeling! (1971), featuring a badly-run hotel and its brusque, henpecked owner. Producer Humphrey Barclay suggested to the writer that a series could be spun out of the premise. 35 of 38 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Lennon was reportedly such a big fan of the show that he wanted to make a guest appearance. 28 of 30 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Despite the manic, hostile nature of much of the comedy in the series, many of the performers were friends of John Cleese and had a very enjoyable experience working on the show. 16 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese and Connie Booth have resisted any attempts to produce a third series of the show, citing concerns that the quality would be compromised. The series has since been held up as an example of "leaving on a high note." 16 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In June of 2020 the British streaming service UKTV, which is owned by the BBC, announced it was removing the episode "The Germans" from it's service due to insensitive racial slurs. In the episode, the Major uses coarse racial language regarding a West Indian cricket team. John Cleese blasted the move on Twitter stating "The BBC is now run by a mixture of marketing people and petty bureaucrats." He denounced the removal as "cowardly and gutless" adding that while the language is offensive and outdated it should be addressed within the context of both the character and era. UKTV has since announced it would reinstate the episode with added guidance about the offensive language. 20 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Polly gives the hotel's address as 16 Elwood Avenue, Torquay, in Fawlty Towers: The Builders (1975). 28 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The role of Sybil was initially offered to Bridget Turner, who passed on it because she didn't feel it was right for her. 29 of 34 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Although considered timeless, Fawlty Towers was far more topical than John Cleese's previous show, Monty Python's Flying Circus. In the first series there are references to the United Kingdom entering the European Common Market, the US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, and newly re-elected Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson. In the second series, made in 1979, there are references to labour strikes (in fact the last episode, Basil The Rat, was delayed due to a BBC strike) and the newly elected Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. 16 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Ironically, Ballard Berkeley did not have a military background: he was a young teenager during the First World War and was in his mid 30s by the time of the Second World War. However, he served as a police Constable in London during the Blitz and personally witnessed some of the worst bombings and civilian casualties. 15 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The series has been remade three times for American television, each time unsuccessfully. The first, Snavely (1978), was made for ABC in 1978 and starred Harvey Korman and Betty White in the Basil and Sybil roles respectively. Moving the action to a highway-side hotel, it never got past the pilot stage. Next, also for ABC, was Amanda's (1983) in 1983 starring Bea Arthur as a gender-flipped Basil. This version moved the story to the California coast and even copied the layout of the hotel. However, Arthur's character lacked Basil's innate paranoia and cruelty and the show was canceled after half a season. The third version, Payne (1999), for CBS was made in 1999 and started John Laroquette and JoBeth Williams. This version, also set in California, had the blessing of John Cleese, who planned to play a rival hotelier if the show was successful. (In an ironic twist Cleese would have played and endlessly kind host). This version was notable only for changing the Manuel character to an East Indian bellhop, thus making Royal Payne's abuse of the character seem racist rather than simply ignorant xenophobia. 15 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese said he originally wrote Polly as a Philosophy student but made the decision to change that to Art student after the first episode had already been filmed but not yet released. Cleese said about five minutes of dialogue for "A Touch of Class" were re-filmed to incorporate Polly's art studies as a plot device which would endure for the remainder of the show's run. 10 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options By a remarkable coincidence, the character of Siegfried Farnon in another BBC series, All Creatures Great & Small (1978), was based on a vet called Donald Sinclair, just as Fawlty was based on a hotelier called Donald Sinclair. 21 of 26 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The old ladies are named after famous literary characters. Miss Tibbs is after Virgil Tibbs from In "The Heat of The Night" and Miss Gatsby after J. Gatsby in "The Great Gatsby". 9 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Like the Major, the dotty spinsters Miss Tibbs and Miss Gatsby are also permanent residents of the hotel and appear in 11 of the show's 12 episodes. Both actresses played similar characters in another British TV series, Only Fools and Horses.... (1981), in the episode Only Fools and Horses....: Homesick (1983). 9 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The series has been subjected to censorship because of racial attitudes now considered unspeakable, even though they come from the mouth of a character, the Major, clearly satirized as a racist. 18 of 23 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The show features two Oscar nominees; John Cleese and Charles McKeown. 8 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options None of the 12 episodes were given original names, as such no on-screen episode titles appear in any episode opening. When originally broadcast the show appeared in the TV listings only as Fawlty Towers. Subsequent airings sometimes used working titles for some episodes such as "U.S.A" for Waldorf Salad, "Rat" for Basil the Rat, and "Mrs. Richards" for Communication Problems". Such working titles also appeared in early BBC audio cassette releases of the show. It was not until the show was released as a VHS box set in the 1980's that each episode was assigned a proper title which are commonly known today. 10 of 12 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese plays an emotionally beleaguered chef called Mungo in a Monty Python's Flying Circus (1969) sketch, and one of the things he gets emotional over is the waiter's struggle with a wound similar to Basil Fawlty's. 12 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In his final interview in 1980 - with BBC Radio's Andy Peebles - John Lennon declared the series to be "The greatest show I've seen in years." 7 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Just like Terry Collier from another BBC sitcom, Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads? (1973), Fawlty has a mysterious war wound on his right leg. 14 of 25 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options John Cleese has stated he focused on writing the male characters and Connie Booth the female ones, as her talents there were stronger than his. 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In addition to Manuel, other characters including Mr O'Reilly have been criticized as racist stereotypes. 8 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In episode Fawlty Towers: The Germans (1975), the opening credits show Northwick Park Hospital in London, supposedly setting the scene for Sybil staying there. The series is supposed to be set in Torquay, Devon. 11 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Ryan Reynolds, in Deadpool, seems to referance John Cleese's character as he taunts the antagonist "Ajax" played by Ed Skrein by reciting potential names. He says, in an exaggerated British accent, "...Is it Basil Fawlty?"... Quote: "Ha! Made you look. Hey is Ajax your actual name? Because it sounds suspiciously made up. What is it really? Kevin? Ruth? Scott? Mitch? Dexter? Is it Basil Fawlty?" 5 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options It is highly unlikely a non-Spanish actor would have been cast as Manuel in the modern era. 6 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Fawlty Towers (TV Series) Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV Episode List TV Schedule Related Items News External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Comedies a list of 25 titles created 05 Aug 2019 TV Shows a list of 39 titles created 24 Feb 2019 Currently Watching a list of 26 titles created 14 Jul 2015 Sitcoms a list of 35 titles created 7 months ago serije a list of 29 titles created 16 Dec 2014 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.