Fifty Shades of Grey (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2322441/
Fifty Shades of Grey (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Fifty Shades of Grey 20152015 (Banned)(Banned) 2h 5m IMDb RATING 4.1/10 308K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 198 147 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 25 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomanceThriller Literature student Anastasia Steele's life changes forever when she meets handsome, yet tormented, billionaire Christian Grey.Literature student Anastasia Steele's life changes forever when she meets handsome, yet tormented, billionaire Christian Grey.Literature student Anastasia Steele's life changes forever when she meets handsome, yet tormented, billionaire Christian Grey. IMDb RATING 4.1/10 308K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 198 147 Director Sam Taylor-Johnson Writers Kelly Marcel(screenplay by) E.L. James(based on the novel by) Stars Dakota Johnson Jamie Dornan Jennifer Ehle Top credits Director Sam Taylor-Johnson Writers Kelly Marcel(screenplay by) E.L. James(based on the novel by) Stars Dakota Johnson Jamie Dornan Jennifer Ehle See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 408Critic reviews 46Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 9 wins & 29 nominations total Videos25 Music Video 4:10 Love Me Like You Do (Official Video) Music Video 4:36 Earned It (From The "Fifty Shades Of Grey" Soundtrack) (Explicit) Trailer 0:31 Trailer Trailer 0:30 Trailer Trailer 1:00 TV Spot Trailer 2:27 Trailer #2 Trailer 0:15 Trailer Trailer 2:26 Trailer #1 Clip 0:56 Christian Shows Ana The Playroom Clip 1:06 Ana Wakes Up In Christians Hotel Room Clip 1:23 Christian Turns The Table On Ana Clip 1:44 Christian Surprises Ana Photos183 Top cast Edit Dakota Johnson Anastasia Steeleas Anastasia Steele Jamie Dornan Christian Greyas Christian Grey Jennifer Ehle Carlaas Carla Eloise Mumford Kateas Kate Victor Rasuk Joséas José Luke Grimes Elliot Greyas Elliot Grey Marcia Gay Harden Mrs. Greyas Mrs. Grey Rita Ora Mia Greyas Mia Grey Max Martini Tayloras Taylor Callum Keith Rennie Rayas Ray Andrew Airlie Mr. Greyas Mr. Grey Dylan Neal Bobas Bob Elliat Albrecht Oliviaas Olivia Rachel Skarsten Andreaas Andrea Emily Fonda Martinaas Martina Anthony Konechny Paul Claytonas Paul Clayton Bruce Dawson Mr. Claytonas Mr. Clayton Tom Butler WSU University Presidentas WSU University President Director Sam Taylor-Johnson Writers Kelly Marcel(screenplay by) E.L. James(based on the novel by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 4.6 Fifty Shades Darker 4.5 Fifty Shades Freed 3.3 365 dni 5.3 After 4.9 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 5.0 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse 5.2 Twilight 4.8 The Twilight Saga: New Moon 5.5 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 5.2 After We Collided 3.5 Fifty Shades of Black 6.0 The Kissing Booth Storyline Edit Anastasia Steele, an English literature major at Washington State University, agrees to interview for the college newspaper a billionaire, Christian Grey, as a favour to her roommate, Kate Kavanagh. During the interview, Christian Grey takes an interest in Anastasia. Soon after it, he visits the hardware store where Anastasia works and offers her to do a photo shoot to accompany the article for which Anastasia had interviewed him. Later, Grey invites her to a cafe and also sends her first edition copies of two Thomas Hardy novels, including Tess of the d'Urbervilles, with a quote from the latter book about the dangers of relationships, on an accompanying card. His pursuing eventually brings a result - Anastasia and Grey start dating. In the course of their troubled relationship Anastasia slowly comes to uncover Grey's troubled past and realises that he is not good for any woman, let alone for himself. Although, she enjoys the bondage sex with Grey, she feels that she has to make a step that will take her all her strength and courage, for Christian Grey is a very dangerous man. —MischaLeCroix female nudityspankingsex sceneperversionmale pubic hair144 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Mr. Grey will see you now Genres Drama Romance Thriller Certificate (Banned) Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Remote controlled cameras were utilized for a majority of the sex scenes so the set could be more private for the actors, though stung coordinator Melissa R. Stubbs said in an interview that in some of the wilder scenes, the two lead actors had to spend hours naked in front of a full crew. Goofs When Kate looks on the web for pictures of Christian Grey, you can see 2 of him that are taken from scenes that happen further on in the film. Christian in the coffee shop and him in Clayton's Hardware Store. Quotes Christian Grey: [answers phone] Anastasia. Anastasia Steele: Yeah, this is me. I'm sending back your expensive books because I already have copies of those. Thanks though for the kind gesture. Christian Grey: You're welcome. Where are you? Anastasia Steele: Oh, I'm in line because I have to pee really bad. Christian Grey: Anastasia, have you been drinking? Anastasia Steele: [laughs] Yeah! I have, Mr. Fancy Pants. You hit... you hit the hail on the nead. I mean the head right on the nail. Christian Grey: Listen to me. I want you to go home right now. Anastasia Steele: You're so bossy! Ana, let's go for a coffee. No, stay away from me Ana! I don't want you! Get away. Come here, come here! Go away! Christian Grey: That's it. Tell me where you are. Anastasia Steele: A long way from Seattle! A long way from you. Christian Grey: Which bar? What's it called? Anastasia Steele: I don't know. I gotta go, though. Christian Grey: Which bar Ana? Anastasia Steele: [to girl in line] I told him. Right? Alternate versions 3 minutes and 14 seconds were cut from the R-rated version and released as a Blu-ray exclusive edition that includes longer sex scenes. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Morgan Freeman/Kesha/Tweedy (2014) Soundtracks I Put a Spell on You (Shades of Grey Version) Written by Screamin' Jay Hawkins (as Jay Hawkins) Performed by Annie Lennox Additional string arrangement by Danny Elfman Courtesy of Blue Note Records and Island Records Ltd. Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews1.6K Review Top review 1/10 Keeping it short Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan had zero sex appeal, for me anyway. I hoped I was going to see something a bit more provocative than predictable. However, what unfolded on the screen was a story without enough substance. So I grabbed the first hard cover volume from my aunt's large collection of "literature." She warned me not to expect much and she was right. I somehow got through 150 pages of poorly written boredom and gave up. I'm glad I saw the film for free. On the positive side, I can report that the Music is by one of my favorite film composers, Danny Elfman. Plus, the soundtrack includes music from the likes of Beyonce, Ellie Golding and many others which helps but does not rescue the largely silly visual acrobatics. Maybe my opinion would be different were I a repressed housewife or middle aged spinster. But that is as stupid a remark as the movie itself, given I am a man. helpful•524 239 rsw7703 Feb 11, 2015 FAQ4 What is 'Fifty Shades of Grey' about? Is 'Fifty Shades of Grey' based on a book? What are the differences between the theatrical cut and the unrated cut? Details Edit Release date February 13, 2015 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Grey Enterprises Holdings website Official Facebook Language English Also known as 50 Shades of Grey Filming locations Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada Production companies Focus Features Michael De Luca Productions Trigger Street Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $166,167,230 Opening weekend US & Canada $85,171,450 Feb 15, 2015 Gross worldwide $569,651,467 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 5 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital Datasat Auro 11.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Jamie Dornan Admits Dealing With Fifty Shades Critics Was "F--king Difficult" Nov 15E! Online Melanie Griffith, Dakota Johnson & Jamie Lee Curtis Support Maggie Gyllenhaal’s Film ‘The Lost Daughter’ Nov 12Uinterview Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.