Finding Nemo (2003) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266543/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_178
Finding Nemo (2003) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Finding Nemo 20032003 GG 1h 40m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 990K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,133 86 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:53 10 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureComedy After his son is captured in the Great Barrier Reef and taken to Sydney, a timid clownfish sets out on a journey to bring him home.After his son is captured in the Great Barrier Reef and taken to Sydney, a timid clownfish sets out on a journey to bring him home.After his son is captured in the Great Barrier Reef and taken to Sydney, a timid clownfish sets out on a journey to bring him home. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 990K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,133 86 Directors Andrew Stanton Lee Unkrich Writers Andrew Stanton(original story by) Bob Peterson(screenplay by) David Reynolds(screenplay by) Stars Albert Brooks(voice) Ellen DeGeneres(voice) Alexander Gould(voice) Top credits Directors Andrew Stanton Lee Unkrich Writers Andrew Stanton(original story by) Bob Peterson(screenplay by) David Reynolds(screenplay by) Stars Albert Brooks(voice) Ellen DeGeneres(voice) Alexander Gould(voice) See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 158Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #178 Won 1 Oscar 48 wins & 63 nominations total Videos10 Trailer 1:53 3D Re-release Version Trailer 0:32 3D Re-release Version Clip 1:00 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Clip 1:21 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Clip 0:32 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Clip 1:06 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Clip 0:39 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Clip 0:58 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Clip 0:35 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Clip 1:04 Finding Nemo: 3D BD Photos202 Top cast Edit Albert Brooks Marlinas Marlin (voice) Ellen DeGeneres Doryas Dory (voice) Alexander Gould Nemoas Nemo (voice) Willem Dafoe Gillas Gill (voice) Brad Garrett Bloatas Bloat (voice) Allison Janney Peachas Peach (voice) Austin Pendleton Gurgleas Gurgle (voice) Stephen Root Bubblesas Bubbles (voice) Vicki Lewis Debas Deb (voice) … Joe Ranft Jacquesas Jacques (voice) Geoffrey Rush Nigelas Nigel (voice) Andrew Stanton Crushas Crush (voice) Elizabeth Perkins Coralas Coral (voice) Nicholas Bird Squirtas Squirt (voice) Bob Peterson Mr. Rayas Mr. Ray (voice) Barry Humphries Bruceas Bruce (voice) Eric Bana Anchoras Anchor (voice) Bruce Spence Chumas Chum (voice) Directors Andrew Stanton Lee Unkrich Writers Andrew Stanton(original story by) (screenplay by) Bob Peterson(screenplay by) David Reynolds(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.2 Up 8.3 Toy Story 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.4 WALL·E 7.3 Finding Dory 8.1 Inside Out 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.5 The Lion King 8.0 The Incredibles 8.0 Ratatouille 7.9 Toy Story 2 Storyline Edit A clown fish named Marlin lives in the Great Barrier Reef and loses his son, Nemo, after he ventures into the open sea, despite his father's constant warnings about many of the ocean's dangers. Nemo is abducted by a boat and netted up and sent to a dentist's office in Sydney. While Marlin ventures off to try to retrieve Nemo, Marlin meets a fish named Dory, a blue tang suffering from short-term memory loss. The companions travel a great distance, encountering various dangerous sea creatures such as sharks, anglerfish and jellyfish, in order to rescue Nemo from the dentist's office, which is situated by Sydney Harbour. While the two are searching the ocean far and wide, Nemo and the other sea animals in the dentist's fish tank plot a way to return to the sea to live their lives free again. —David Morris pufferfishsharkgreat barrier reefshort term memory lossprotective father200 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines 71% of the Earth's surface is covered by water. That's a lot of space to find one fish. Genres Animation Adventure Comedy Family Certificate G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Andrew Stanton pitched his idea and story to Pixar head John Lasseter in an hour-long session, using elaborate visual aids and character voices. At the end of it, an exhausted Stanton asked Lasseter what he thought, to which Lasseter replied, "You had me at 'fish.'" Goofs Marlin and Dory are advised to swim to the back of the whale's throat and to be blown out of the whale's blowhole. This is not physically possible as whales mouths and digestive systems are not connected to their respiratory system and blowhole. Quotes Dory: I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy. Come on, Squishy. Come on, little Squishy. [baby talk, the jellyfish stings her] Dory: Ow. Bad Squishy, bad Squishy. Crazy credits During the end credits, Mike Wazowski (the one-eyed character from Monsters, Inc. (2001)) can be seen swimming across the screen while wearing scuba-diving equipment. Alternate versions In the 3D re-release the old Disney logo is replaced with the new Disney logo and the Pixar logo that was used in the 3D version of Up (2009). These changes were also made in the 3D Blu-ray release (The regular Pixar logo is used in the 2012 DVD & 2D Blu-ray version). Connections Edited into Everything Wrong with...: Everything Wrong With Noah In 13 Minutes Or Less (2014) Soundtracks The Girl from Ipanema Written by Antonio Carlos Jobim, Vinicius de Moraes and Norman Gimbel User reviews1K Review Top review quite a catch Pixar Studios have done it again. I have to say that these guys are totally good in computer animation, as well as in storytelling. Rarely do those qualities come together but here they are, delivering unto the audience once again something that one can only be drowned with wonder. Such is the marvel of Finding Nemo. The story is about Nemo (voiced by Alexander Gould), a young clownfish who is fed up with his dad Marlin's (Albert Brooks) excessive paranoia over him. He swims to a place where his dad forbids him and ends up being captured by a scuba diver. He is then placed in a fish tank in a dental clinic somewhere along the harbors of Sydney. Thus the quest of Marlin, along with Dory (a hilarious forgetful blue tang voiced by Ellen DeGeneres) to find Nemo before it's too late. The story is a simple one but where the film more than makes up is on the overwhelming sense of detail and rich, lavish colors and textures as if we aren't really watching an animated film at all. Scenes such as Marlin bringing Nemo to school while swimming through corals and anemones, to the aquarium where Nemo was taken to, are nothing short of breathtaking, and undoubtedbly one of the most outstanding animation ever to hit the screen. The world of "Finding Nemo" is simply alive with lovable creatures swimming about their daily lives under the ocean, darting across the screen in playful manners. The viewer almost literally dives into another world for nearly two hours and one cannot help but be completely captivated. The music and screenplay also blend very well with the visual feast that it produces such a high quality movie. From its basic storyline, to the father-and-son relationship theme, to the wonderful underwater world throughout, this is really an adventure through an ocean of stunning visuals and storytelling. Grade: A helpful•94 19 nadger_09 Aug 12, 2003 FAQ6 Is "Finding Nemo" based on a book? What happened to Marlin's family? Why do the Lobsters have a New England accent? Details Edit Release date July 30, 2003 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 海底总动员 Filming locations Pixar Animation Studios - 1200 Park Avenue, Emeryville, California, USA Production companies Pixar Animation Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $94,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $380,843,261 Opening weekend US & Canada $70,251,710 Jun 1, 2003 Gross worldwide $940,352,645 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 40 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Chris Pratt cast as Garfield in new animated movie Nov 2Flickeringmyth Break Out the Lasagna Because Chris Pratt Is Voicing Garfield in Upcoming Movie Nov 2E! Online Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Finding Nemo (2003) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.