First Knight (1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113071/?ref_=ttls_li_i
First Knight (1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In First Knight 19951995 PG-13PG-13 2h 14m IMDb RATING 6.0/10 71K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,063 1,217 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics ActionAdventureDrama Lancelot falls in love with Guinevere, who is due to be married to King Arthur. Meanwhile, a violent warlord tries to seize power from Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table.Lancelot falls in love with Guinevere, who is due to be married to King Arthur. Meanwhile, a violent warlord tries to seize power from Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table.Lancelot falls in love with Guinevere, who is due to be married to King Arthur. Meanwhile, a violent warlord tries to seize power from Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table. IMDb RATING 6.0/10 71K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,063 1,217 Director Jerry Zucker Writers Lorne Cameron(story) David Hoselton(story) William Nicholson(story) Stars Sean Connery Richard Gere Julia Ormond Top credits Director Jerry Zucker Writers Lorne Cameron(story) David Hoselton(story) William Nicholson(story) Stars Sean Connery Richard Gere Julia Ormond See production, box office & company info 210User reviews 52Critic reviews 57Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Photos71 Top cast Edit Sean Connery King Arthuras King Arthur Richard Gere Lancelotas Lancelot Julia Ormond Guinevereas Guinevere Ben Cross Prince Malagantas Prince Malagant Liam Cunningham Agravaineas Agravaine Christopher Villiers Sir Kayas Sir Kay Valentine Pelka Sir Patriseas Sir Patrise Colin McCormack Sir Madoras Sir Mador Ralph Ineson Ralfas Ralf John Gielgud Oswaldas Oswald Stuart Bunce Peter, King's Stablemanas Peter, King's Stableman Jane Robbins Eliseas Elise Jean Marie Coffey Petronellaas Petronella Paul Kynman Markas Mark Tom Lucy Sir Sagramoreas Sir Sagramore John Blakey Sir Toras Sir Tor Robert Gwyn Davin Sir Gawaineas Sir Gawaine Sean Blowers Sir Caradosas Sir Carados Director Jerry Zucker Writers Lorne Cameron(story) David Hoselton(story) William Nicholson(story) (screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.3 Entrapment 6.5 DragonHeart 6.3 Rising Sun 6.9 Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves 6.1 Medicine Man 5.3 First Night 5.1 A Good Man in Africa 7.3 Finding Forrester 6.8 The Mask of Zorro 6.0 The Legend of Zorro 6.4 Just Cause 7.7 Der Name der Rose Storyline Edit After King Arthur of Camelot has fought several wars which has led to peace and justice for his land, he is turning his attention to thoughts of marriage, his chosen one being Lady Guinevere, who has become head of neighboring Leonesse following the death of her father. Peace and justice for Arthur and Guinevere are short lived as Prince Malagant, one of the knights of the round table, wants Camelot for himself and King Arthur deposed. Many in the land follow Malagant, whose quest also involves marauding Leonesse. As the King's betrothed, Guinevere becomes Malagant's target in achieving both of his goals. Meanwhile, Lancelot is a free-living peasant who often makes his way through life by demonstrations of his sword fighting prowess. His skill is largely due to his ability to assess his opponents, and not fear dying. On Malagant's first attempt at abducting Guinevere, Lancelot, by happenstance, is there to save her. He falls in love with her at first sight. Although attracted to the man who saved her, Guinevere cannot think of any other man in the lead up to her marriage to Arthur. Because of his attraction to Guinevere, Lancelot becomes involved in the battles between Malagant and Arthur in Lancelot doing whatever needed to keep Guinevere safe. As these battles brew and as Arthur becomes indebted to Lancelot for saving Guinevere at the possible expense of his own life, Guinevere cannot help but fall for Lancelot, resulting in a romantic triangle comprised of Arthur, Guinevere and Lancelot, a triangle of which Arthur is unaware. —Huggo based on legendlove trianglearthurian legendking arthur characterwarlord199 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines An Empire Lies in the Balance. Genres Action Adventure Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some brutal medieval battles Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Mel Gibson was attached to this project at one stage, but chose to direct and star in Braveheart (1995) instead. Goofs As Lancelot chases the horse a telephone pole is visible, with barbed wire around it. Quotes King Arthur: May God grant us the wisdom to discover right, the will to choose it, and the strength to make it endure. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: First Knight/Party Girl/Species/Batman: Mask of the Phantasm/Il Postino (1995) User reviews210 Review Top review 7/10 Sean Connery has the voice, the look and the chivalrous character of the legendary King Arthur... In 'First Knight' Connery has gentleness in his eyes, and embodies the best aims of the founder of the Knights of the Round Table... Arthur had his share of war... He had devoted his life to building a land of peace and justice... He looks forward to quieter days... He asks Guinevere to 'marry the king but to love the man.' Julia Ormond glows and smolders to fine effect as the passionate Guinevere who is confused about her feelings for the king and his first knight... Guinevere tries to convince Arthur that her will is stronger than her heart... She assures the king that she may look at him differently but not with less love... Richard Gere lacks the heroic stance required for such part... He is not colorful and flamboyant as Lancelot... He is simply Richard Gere... He lives by the sword, and fights for money... He is introduced as a wanderer, with no wealth, no home, no goals, just the passionate spirit that drives him on... Lancelot had never dreamed of peace or justice or knighthood... He rescues the Lady of Leonesse, and gives Arthur back his life itself... Ben Cross is arrogant as the powerful Prince Malagant, a former knight of the Round Table, with hatred in his heart... He dares to kidnap a lady who is almost a queen... Malagant doesn't care how many men he loses so long as he wins... He offers the king what is not 'his' to give.. In Jerry Zucker's film there's no Merlin, no malevolent Mordred, no femme fatale, just the city of Camelot seen golden as ever, the knights brave and loyal, the battles almost breathtaking in their ferocity, and the scenic beauty so fresh, so pure, so green... helpful•68 47 Nazi_Fighter_David Jan 21, 2004 Details Edit Release date July 7, 1995 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official site Sony Pictures (United States) Language English Also known as 第一武士 Filming locations Llanfair Slate Mine, Harlech, Gwynedd, Wales, UK Production companies Columbia Pictures First Knight Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $55,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $37,600,435 Opening weekend US & Canada $10,856,442 Jul 9, 1995 Gross worldwide $127,600,435 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 14 minutes Sound mix SDDS Dolby SR Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news New On Netflix For November 2021: Day-By-Day Listings For TV Series, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV David Lowery Aug 31Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was First Knight (1995) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.