Ford v Ferrari (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1950186/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_205
Ford v Ferrari (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Ford v Ferrari 20192019 PG-13PG-13 2h 32m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 342K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 696 71 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:29 31 Videos 99+ Photos ActionBiographyDrama American car designer Carroll Shelby and driver Ken Miles battle corporate interference and the laws of physics to build a revolutionary race car for Ford in order to defeat Ferrari at the 2... Read allAmerican car designer Carroll Shelby and driver Ken Miles battle corporate interference and the laws of physics to build a revolutionary race car for Ford in order to defeat Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1966.American car designer Carroll Shelby and driver Ken Miles battle corporate interference and the laws of physics to build a revolutionary race car for Ford in order to defeat Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1966. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 342K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 696 71 Director James Mangold Writers Jez Butterworth John-Henry Butterworth Jason Keller Stars Matt Damon Christian Bale Jon Bernthal Top credits Director James Mangold Writers Jez Butterworth John-Henry Butterworth Jason Keller Stars Matt Damon Christian Bale Jon Bernthal See production, box office & company info 1.5KUser reviews 350Critic reviews 81Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #205 Won 2 Oscars 25 wins & 89 nominations total Videos31 Trailer 2:29 Official Trailer 2 Trailer 2:24 Official Trailer Trailer 2:25 Trailer #1 Trailer 2:32 Ford v Ferrari Trailer 2:29 Ford v Ferrari Clip 0:58 You Know Your Cars Clip 4:37 How the Best Racing Films Raise the Stakes Clip 1:48 Think Like Ferarri Clip 1:03 Perfect Lap Clip 1:04 Happy Bill Clip 1:48 Ford v Ferrari Clip 1:03 Ford v Ferrari Photos298 Top cast Edit Matt Damon Carroll Shelbyas Carroll Shelby Christian Bale Ken Milesas Ken Miles Jon Bernthal Lee Iacoccaas Lee Iacocca Caitriona Balfe Mollie Milesas Mollie Miles Josh Lucas Leo Beebeas Leo Beebe Noah Jupe Peter Milesas Peter Miles Tracy Letts Henry Ford IIas Henry Ford II Remo Girone Enzo Ferrarias Enzo Ferrari Ray McKinnon Phil Remingtonas Phil Remington JJ Feild Roy Lunnas Roy Lunn Jack McMullen Charlie Agapiouas Charlie Agapiou Corrado Invernizzi Franco Gozzias Franco Gozzi Joe Williamson Don Freyas Don Frey Ian Harding Ford Executive - Ianas Ford Executive - Ian Christopher Darga John Holmanas John Holman Shawn Law Al 'Gus' Scusselas Al 'Gus' Scussel Emil Beheshti Aeronutronics Chief Engineeras Aeronutronics Chief Engineer Darrin Prescott Bob Bondurantas Bob Bondurant Director James Mangold Writers Jez Butterworth John-Henry Butterworth Jason Keller All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Rush 8.2 Green Book 8.3 1917 8.1 Logan 8.1 Hacksaw Ridge 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.2 Batman Begins 8.1 Mad Max: Fury Road 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.2 Shutter Island 6.7 Le Mans 8.5 The Prestige Storyline Edit As Enzo Ferrari's fast Rosso-Corsa racing cars dominate the mid-1960s motorsport world, the American car designer, Carroll Shelby, is forced to retire after winning the demanding 1959 '24 Hours of Le Mans' endurance race. But, before long, an unexpected proposition by the Vice President of Henry Ford's motor company, Lee Iacocca, will offer an opportunity to beat the Italians at their own game. Now, under those pressing circumstances, the British sports car driver and racing engineer, Ken Miles, reluctantly agrees to lend a hand and improve the firm's image, as Ford's race team has less than ninety days to rewrite history. As a result, the non-conformist duo comes up with the mighty Ford GT40 Mk I high-performance racing car. Can Shelby and Miles break Ferrari's streak? —Nick Riganas based on true storycar racingbased on book24 hours le mans racemotor sports156 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines They took the American dream for a ride. Genres Action Biography Drama Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some language and peril Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In preparation for his role, Christian Bale took race driving lessons at the Bondurant High Performance Driving School. As it happened, the founder of the school had been a friend of Ken Miles. So in addition to the driving, Bale also got to hear stories of the 1960s racing scene. Bale's instructor and the film's stunt coordinator, Robert Nagle later stated; "he's hands down the best actor I've ever trained." Goofs As the PA announcer counts down from 10 to begin the race, he says (in French) six, five, *forty*, three, two, one. Quotes Carroll Shelby: [narration] There's a point at 7,000 RPM... where everything fades. The machine becomes weightless. Just disappears. And all that's left is a body moving through space and time. 7,000 RPM. That's where you meet it. You feel it coming. It creeps up on you, close in your ear. Asks you a question. The only question that matters. Who are you? Crazy credits Epilogue: "Revered by racing fans worldwide, Ken Miles was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame. Carroll Shelby became one of the most successful and celebrated sports car designers in history. The Ford GT40, developed by Shelby and Miles, won Le Mans in 1966, 1968 and 1969. It remains the only American built car ever to win the 24 hours of Le Mans." Connections Featured in CTV News at Noon Toronto: Episode dated 9 September 2019 (2019) Soundtracks Hold On Written by David Brian Gonzalez Performed by The Paladins User reviews1.5K Review Top review 9/10 Filled with Energy Biopics can be a hard sell at times. Whether you're diving into the troubled life of an addict or exploring someone's sexuality, there are many touchy subjects these days. With that said, I feel there are also those that will stand the test of time, in terms of being able to please a wide audience. Ford v Ferrari is one of the latest true stories out of Hollywood that will be hitting the big screen soon, and here's why I believe it absolutely deserves attention. Following multiple characters throughout, Ford v Ferrari focussed on the fact that Henry Ford II was given an idea to create the fastest race car in the world. His mission is to take down the likes of the company Ferrari, who have held the title for years. Carol Shelby (Matt Damon) is approached by a member of the Ford team and is recruited, only to be the one finding himself recruiting the driver in Ken Miles (Christian Bale). That's the core premise and there's a lot to dive into from there. If you're a fan of racing or cars in general, this movie will be for you. This is a very well-directed film by James Mangold, and the racing sequences are quite long, taking up a good chunk of the nearly 150-minute run time. Luckily, they are very intense, practically shot, with a fantastic score to back it up, and sound effects to get your heart pumping. Everything about the exciting aspects of this film was top notch. Christian Bale and Matt Damon give stellar performances here as the two leading men in the film and I totally bought their rigid friendship that slowly developed. Sadly, without giving anything away, there is an incident that I feel was not explored enough, which slightly took away when a certain moment is meant to impact the movie. Other than that, this is a fantastic movie from beginning to end. In the end, Ford v Ferrari is engaging, emotional, and downright thrilling when it wants to be. I was invested in these characters and on the edge of my seat during the climactic races. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with this movie. There is a missed opportunity in terms of emotion during a certain scene, but I was able to forgive that, seeing as the rest of the movie was so impressive. Ford v Ferrari is one of the best movies I've seen so far this year and it will be one to see when it officially releases. helpful•199 54 kjproulx Sep 10, 2019 FAQ3 What is the DVD release date in the UK? Why use the Panavision C-, H- and T-Series Lenses? Details Edit Release date August 7, 2020 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites centrumfilmow Official Facebook Languages English Italian French Japanese Also known as 极速车王 Filming locations Savannah, Georgia, USA Production companies Chernin Entertainment TSG Entertainment Turnpike Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $97,600,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $117,624,357 Opening weekend US & Canada $31,474,958 Nov 17, 2019 Gross worldwide $225,508,210 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 32 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Win Free Passes To The St. Louis Advanced Screening Of King Richard – Stars Will Smith Nov 11WeAreMovieGeeks.com Belfast: Every Major Cast Member's Best Movie, According To IMDb Nov 9ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.