Forrest Gump (1994) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109830/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_12
Forrest Gump (1994) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Forrest Gump 19941994 PG-13PG-13 2h 22m IMDb RATING 8.8/10 1.9M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 172 73 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:54 12 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the Vietnam War, the Watergate scandal and other historical events unfold from the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire ... Read allThe presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the Vietnam War, the Watergate scandal and other historical events unfold from the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart.The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the Vietnam War, the Watergate scandal and other historical events unfold from the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart. IMDb RATING 8.8/10 1.9M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 172 73 Director Robert Zemeckis Writers Winston Groom(novel) Eric Roth(screenplay) Stars Tom Hanks Robin Wright Gary Sinise Top credits Director Robert Zemeckis Writers Winston Groom(novel) Eric Roth(screenplay) Stars Tom Hanks Robin Wright Gary Sinise See production, box office & company info 2.7KUser reviews 171Critic reviews 82Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #12 Won 6 Oscars 50 wins & 75 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 3:54 Forrest Gump Clip 7:01 Essential Guide to the Work of Robin Wright Clip 1:29 'Forrest Gump' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 0:50 Forrest Gump Clip 1:29 Forrest Gump Clip 0:14 Forrest Gump Video 3:22 What Roles Has Tom Hanks Turned Down? Video 2:43 Who Almost Starred in 'Forrest Gump'? Video 3:11 Haley Joel Osment's Favorite Memories of Tom Hanks and M. Night Shyamalan Video 5:44 You Just Watched: 'Forrest Gump' Video 2:42 "Dates in Movie & TV History": July 4 Video 2:35 Dates in Movie & TV History: July 5, 1976 - Forrest Gump Starts Running Photos247 Top cast Edit Tom Hanks Forrest Gumpas Forrest Gump Robin Wright Jenny Curranas Jenny Curran Gary Sinise Lieutenant Dan Tayloras Lieutenant Dan Taylor Sally Field Mrs. Gumpas Mrs. Gump Rebecca Williams Nurse at Park Benchas Nurse at Park Bench Michael Conner Humphreys Young Forrestas Young Forrest Harold G. Herthum Doctoras Doctor (as Harold Herthum) George Kelly Barberas Barber Bob Penny Cronyas Crony John Randall Cronyas Crony Sam Anderson Principalas Principal Margo Moorer Louiseas Louise Ione M. Telech Elderly Womanas Elderly Woman Christine Seabrook Elderly Woman's Daughteras Elderly Woman's Daughter John Worsham Southern Gentlemanas Southern Gentleman… Peter Dobson Young Elvis Presleyas Young Elvis Presley Siobhan Fallon Hogan School Bus Driveras School Bus Driver (as Siobhan J. Fallon) Alexander Zemeckis School Bus Boyas School Bus Boy Director Robert Zemeckis Writers Winston Groom(novel) Eric Roth(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Can You Imagine 'Forrest Gump' Without Tom Hanks? Can You Imagine 'Forrest Gump' Without Tom Hanks? Tom Hanks may have won an Oscar for his role in Forrest Gump, but the part almost went to an "SNL" star. Which other A-listers were up for the legendary role?Watch now 2:43 More like this 8.8 Fight Club 8.8 Inception 8.9 Pulp Fiction 9.3 The Shawshank Redemption 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.6 Se7en 8.6 The Green Mile 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.7 The Matrix 8.9 Schindler's List 8.6 Interstellar 9.2 The Godfather Storyline Edit Forrest Gump is a simple man with a low I.Q. but good intentions. He is running through childhood with his best and only friend Jenny. His 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny. Forrest joins the army for service in Vietnam, finding new friends called Dan and Bubba, he wins medals, creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet, inspires people to jog, starts a ping-pong craze, creates the smiley, writes bumper stickers and songs, donates to people and meets the president several times. However, this is all irrelevant to Forrest who can only think of his childhood sweetheart Jenny Curran, who has messed up her life. Although in the end all he wants to prove is that anyone can love anyone. —aliw135 vietnam waramputeewar herobased on bookbased on novel268 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The story of a lifetime. Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for drug content, some sensuality and war violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Forrest gets up to talk at the Vietnam rally in Washington, the microphone plug is pulled and you cannot hear him. According to Tom Hanks he said, "Sometimes when people go to Vietnam, they go home to their mommas without any legs. Sometimes they don't go home at all. That's a bad thing. That's all I have to say about that." Goofs When Forrest is given his discharge papers, he sets down his ping-pong paddle and (computerized) ball to salute the officer. When he picks the paddle back up, he also pretends to pick up the ball, which didn't end up getting animated. Quotes Jenny Curran: Do you ever dream, Forrest, about who you're gonna be? Forrest Gump: Who I'm gonna be? Jenny Curran: Yeah. Forrest Gump: Aren't-aren't I going to be me? Alternate versions In the TBS and the ABC version, the line at the end of the dorm scene is cut, "I think I ruined your roommate's bath robe". Connections Edited from The Birth of a Nation (1915) Soundtracks Lovesick Blues by Cliff Friend & Irving Mills Performed by Hank Williams Courtesy of PolyGram Special Markets User reviews2.7K Review Top review 10/10 Forrest Gump is a movie masterpiece that won't be forgotten and will continue to inspire He may have been good in Philadelphia but be is excellent in Forrest Gump.Tom Hanks delivers another great performance in his career by portraying the lovable,king yet not so intelligent character Forrest Gump.It is also Tom Hanks' second straight win for the Best Actor Oscar which he becomes the second man to do said accomplishment after Spencer Tracy.Whilst not as dramatic as Philadelphia,Tom Hanks' performance is just as great in this movie and this movie could possibly be the film of Tom Hanks' career as he used to be a comedy guy who turned to drama in a way which would paved for future stars such as Jim Carrey(The Truman Show),Reese Witherspoon(Walk the Line) and Will Ferrell(Stranger Than Fiction) to name a few.Also staring in this great movie classic are Robin Wright-Penn who plays Jenny,Gary Sinise who was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Lieutenant Dan Taylor,Mykelti Williamson as Forrest's best friend and shrimper Benjamin Buford"Bubba" Blue and Sally Field as Mrs.Gump.This film was nominated for a total of thirteen Academy Awards but won six of them which include Best Film Editing,Best Visual Effects,Best Adapted Screenplay,Best Picture,Best Director-Robert Zemeckis and Best Actor-Tom Hanks.This is one masterpiece of a movie that will not be forgotten about in a long time.Bravo! helpful•158 48 blairgallop7 Dec 15, 2007 FAQ19 Who is the man with the "flag shirt" that says the F word a lot? What is Forrest Gump about? Why did Jenny left Forrest before he went to the long run? Details Edit Release date July 6, 1994 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Centrumfilmow Official Facebook Language English Also known as 阿甘正传 Filming locations Chippewa Square, Savannah, Georgia, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures The Steve Tisch Company Wendy Finerman Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $55,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $330,455,270 Opening weekend US & Canada $24,450,602 Jul 10, 1994 Gross worldwide $678,226,133 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 22 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby SR SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Will Oscar Voters Say ‘I Love Nicole Kidman’ in Aaron Sorkin’s ‘Being the Ricardos’? Nov 14Variety Film + TV ‘Licorice Pizza’ Might Be Tasty Enough for Oscar Voters, but Needs a Dash More Bradley Cooper Nov 12Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.