From Hell (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120681?ref_=rlm
From Hell (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In From Hell 20012001 RR 2h 2m IMDb RATING 6.8/10 151K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,455 1,188 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:30 1 Video 99+ Photos HorrorMysteryThriller In Victorian-era London, a troubled clairvoyant police detective investigates the murders of Jack the Ripper.In Victorian-era London, a troubled clairvoyant police detective investigates the murders of Jack the Ripper.In Victorian-era London, a troubled clairvoyant police detective investigates the murders of Jack the Ripper. IMDb RATING 6.8/10 151K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,455 1,188 Directors Albert Hughes Allen Hughes Writers Alan Moore(graphic novel) Eddie Campbell(graphic novel) Terry Hayes(screenplay) Stars Johnny Depp Heather Graham Ian Holm Top credits Directors Albert Hughes Allen Hughes Writers Alan Moore(graphic novel) Eddie Campbell(graphic novel) Terry Hayes(screenplay) Stars Johnny Depp Heather Graham Ian Holm See production, box office & company info 570User reviews 185Critic reviews 54Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 15 nominations Videos1 Trailer 1:30 From Hell Photos266 Top cast Edit Johnny Depp Inspector Frederick Abberlineas Inspector Frederick Abberline Heather Graham Mary Kellyas Mary Kelly Ian Holm Sir William Gullas Sir William Gull Robbie Coltrane Sergeant Peter Godleyas Sergeant Peter Godley Ian Richardson Sir Charles Warrenas Sir Charles Warren Jason Flemyng Netley, the Coachmanas Netley, the Coachman Katrin Cartlidge Dark Annie Chapmanas Dark Annie Chapman Terence Harvey Benjamin 'Ben' Kidneyas Benjamin 'Ben' Kidney Susan Lynch Liz Strideas Liz Stride Paul Rhys Dr. Ferralas Dr. Ferral Lesley Sharp Kate Eddowesas Kate Eddowes Estelle Skornik Adaas Ada Nicholas McGaughey Officer Boltas Officer Bolt Annabelle Apsion Polly Nicholsas Polly Nichols Joanna Page Ann Crookas Ann Crook Mark Dexter Albert Sickertas Albert Sickert… Danny Midwinter Constable Withersas Constable Withers Samantha Spiro Martha Tabramas Martha Tabram Directors Albert Hughes Allen Hughes Writers Alan Moore(graphic novel) Eddie Campbell(graphic novel) Terry Hayes(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 The Ninth Gate 6.5 Secret Window 7.3 Sleepy Hollow 6.3 The Libertine 5.4 The Astronaut's Wife 6.4 Once Upon a Time in Mexico 6.3 Nick of Time 7.3 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street 6.2 The Man Who Cried 6.7 Don Juan DeMarco 6.5 Cry-Baby 7.6 Blow Storyline Edit It is 1888 in London, and the unfortunate poor lead horrifying lives in the city's deadliest slum, Whitechapel. Harassed by gangs and forced to walk the streets for a living, Mary Kelly and her small group of companions trudge on through this daily misery, their only consolation being that things can't get any worse. Yet things somehow do when their friend Ann is kidnapped and they are drawn into a conspiracy with links higher up than they could possibly imagine. The kidnapping is soon followed by the gruesome murder of another woman, Polly, and it becomes apparent that they are being hunted down, one by one. Sinister even by Whitechapel standards, the murder grabs the attention of Inspector Fred Abberline, a brilliant yet troubled man whose police work is often aided by his psychic abilities. Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case, which takes on personal meaning to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love. But as he gets closer to the truth, Whitechapel becomes more and more dangerous for Abberline, Mary, and the other girls. Whoever is responsible for the grisly acts is not going to give up his secret without a fight. Will they be able to survive the avenging force that has been sent after them from Hell? victorian erajack-the-ripperconspiracy theoristsurprise endingqueen victoria character304 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Only the legend will survive. Genres Horror Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence/gore, sexuality, language and drug content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia After the Ripper has killed his final victim, the police officer describes the scene so it can be written down as evidence. Those lines are taken directly from the real-life crime scene report. Goofs (at around 30 mins) In 1888, a bottle of laudanum would not have been labeled as poison, as it was a popular, socially acceptable, and inexpensive painkiller and sedative at the time. Quotes Sir William Gull: One day men will look back and say that I gave birth to the twentieth century. Abberline: You're not going to see the twentieth century. Crazy credits Thanks to the Megerdichian family Alternate versions Three endings were filmed: one where Abberline dies of a drug overdose in London, one where he travels to the Far East and dies of an overdose in an Opium Den and one where he sneaks off to be with Mary. Connections Featured in HBO First Look: A View from Hell (2001) Soundtracks Duke Street Written by John Hatton User reviews570 Review Top review 7/10 A stylish film, but has little to offer. A dark and meticulous tale, based around the murders of Jack the Ripper in Whitechapel, London. The films look is no more than what you would expect from a one based on Jack the Ripper. Dark shadows loom over the characters as the satanic nature of The Ripper is emphasised. It's such an intriguing story and character that every time I watch a film based on this story I come away slightly disappointed. This time was no exception. While the acting was good (minus some quite unconvincing cockney accents - Heather Graham and Johnny Depp, I'm talking to you) and the direction assured, the script seemed a little reserved. There was no great insight into any of the characters, and much of it played out like a simple murder mystery. But this didn't stop me from enjoying the 120 or so minutes. Why did I enjoy this film, I hear you ask? For a start, the direction was superb - the streets of London looked grimy, while the `unfortunates' (i.e., prostitutes) wandered around in squalor awaiting their fate. This produced a wonderful atmosphere, creating murder scenes that were much more terrifying and shocking (and very gruesome). Johnny Depp's performance (as the detective Abberline), as always, was hugely enjoyable to watch. He played his character in a very subtle way - halfway between comic and serious. He portrays a desperate man, constantly resorting to drugs so he can pass through the day. Depp and the filmmakers see him as a version of Sherlock Holmes, constantly finding clues that other police officers have overlooked (cliched, yes, but somehow Depp provides a little bit of originality). Abberline even suggests that the killer must be a learned man! How could this be?! While dismissed by all the other characters in the film (for a learned man would never commit acts of such debauchery), we as an audience know better not to trust a detective like this - their preposterous ideas are usually right. Another actor to praise in this is the wonderful Ian Holm. He plays his character with a wry little smile, seemingly enjoying every line he says. His interactions with Depp are great to watch. While the film provides little to ponder on once the credits have rolled, you can leave satisfied that you have seen a stylish and enjoyable film. The Hughes brothers seem to be a talented pair of directors. For those that care I gave this film 7/10 helpful•53 19 phil0011 Aug 14, 2003 FAQ17 What is 'From Hell' about? Is 'From Hell' based on a book? Why is the film called "From Hell?" Details Edit Release date October 19, 2001 (United States) Countries of origin United States Czech Republic United Kingdom Official site Official site Language English Also known as Jack Filming locations Boscastle, Cornwall, England, UK Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Underworld Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $35,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $31,602,566 Opening weekend US & Canada $11,014,818 Oct 21, 2001 Gross worldwide $74,558,115 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news The Killer That Stalked New York Nov 17Trailers from Hell Johannes Roberts Nov 16Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for From Hell (2001)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.