From Russia with Love (1963) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057076/
From Russia with Love (1963) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In From Russia with Love 19631963 PGPG 1h 55m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 128K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,624 664 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play clip6:36 These Bond Women Are Changing the Spy Game 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller James Bond willingly falls into an assassination plot involving a naive Russian beauty in order to retrieve a Soviet encryption device that was stolen by S.P.E.C.T.R.E.James Bond willingly falls into an assassination plot involving a naive Russian beauty in order to retrieve a Soviet encryption device that was stolen by S.P.E.C.T.R.E.James Bond willingly falls into an assassination plot involving a naive Russian beauty in order to retrieve a Soviet encryption device that was stolen by S.P.E.C.T.R.E. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 128K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,624 664 Director Terence Young Writers Richard Maibaum(screenplay by) Johanna Harwood(adapted by) Ian Fleming(novel) Stars Sean Connery Robert Shaw Lotte Lenya Top credits Director Terence Young Writers Richard Maibaum(screenplay by) Johanna Harwood(adapted by) Ian Fleming(novel) Stars Sean Connery Robert Shaw Lotte Lenya See production, box office & company info 465User reviews 131Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 6 nominations total Videos2 Clip 6:36 These Bond Women Are Changing the Spy Game Clip 3:39 Bond 25 Returns to 007's Origins Photos437 Top cast Edit Sean Connery James Bondas James Bond Robert Shaw Donald 'Red' Grantas Donald 'Red' Grant Lotte Lenya Rosa Klebbas Rosa Klebb Daniela Bianchi Tatiana Romanovaas Tatiana Romanova Pedro Armendáriz Ali Kerim Beyas Ali Kerim Bey (as Pedro Armendariz) Bernard Lee 'M'as 'M' Eunice Gayson Sylvia Trenchas Sylvia Trench Walter Gotell Morzenyas Morzeny Francis De Wolff Vavraas Vavra (as Francis de Wolff) George Pastell Train Conductoras Train Conductor Nadja Regin Kerim's Mistressas Kerim's Mistress Lois Maxwell Miss Moneypennyas Miss Moneypenny Aliza Gur Vidaas Vida Martine Beswick Zoraas Zora (as Martin Beswick) Vladek Sheybal Kronsteenas Kronsteen Anthony Dawson Ernst Stavros Blofeldas Ernst Stavros Blofeld (as ?) Lisa Guiraut Belly Danceras Belly Dancer (as Leila) Hasan Ceylan Bulgarian Agentas Bulgarian Agent Director Terence Young Writers Richard Maibaum(screenplay by) Johanna Harwood(adapted by) Ian Fleming(novel) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 Goldfinger 7.2 Dr. No 7.0 Thunderball 6.8 You Only Live Twice 6.6 Diamonds Are Forever 6.7 On Her Majesty's Secret Service 6.8 Live and Let Die 7.1 The Spy Who Loved Me 6.7 The Man with the Golden Gun 6.7 For Your Eyes Only 6.5 Octopussy 6.3 Moonraker Storyline Edit James Bond 007 is on the search for a Russian decoding machine, known as "Lektor". Bond needs to find this machine, before the evil S.P.E.C.T.R.E. organization discovers it. While being romantically linked with Russian girl, Tatiana Romanova, Bond sneaks his way around Istanbul, while each S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Agent tries to pick him off, including the over powering Donald "Red" Grant and ex K.G.B. Agent Rosa Klebb, who knows all of the tricks in the book, and even possesses an incredible poison tipped shoe. —simon_hrdng british secret serviceofficial bond filmbond girljames bond character007197 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The world's masters of murder pull out all the stops to destroy Agent 007! Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Sir Sean Connery called this movie his personal favorite of his Bond movies. Goofs Making their escape by train, Bond and Tatiana are given cover documents to aid their escape. Bond tells Tatiana that they are Mr & Mrs David Somerset and that her cover name is Caroline. They briefly discuss the particulars of their cover identities and from that point on they should assume that they are being observed, so should always maintain their covers. Just a moment later, James opens the compartment door and loudly calls her "Tania". No well-trained spy would ever make such a basic mistake. Quotes James Bond: Red wine with fish. Well, that should have told me something. Donald "Red" Grant: You may know the right wines, but you're the one on your knees. How does it feel old man? Crazy credits Ernst Blofeld's actor is credited as "?". Alternate versions In the French theatrical version the end title song "From Russia With Love" by Matt Monro was sung in French by Swedish singer/actor Bob Askolf under the title "Bons baisers de Russie". Connections Featured in Goldfinger (1964) Soundtracks From Russia with Love Music by John Barry Lyrics by Lionel Bart Performed by Matt Monro User reviews465 Review Top review 8/10 Bond as a spy, rather than an action hero After the success of Dr. No, it was only a matter of time before James Bond returned for his second installment of espionage and adventure. Of course, it wasn't until the phenomenal success of Goldfinger that the Bond series really took off, and established the formula soon to be followed by every subsequent 007 movie and virtually every other action movie. But 'From Russia with Love' proved to be an equally effective, if slightly quieter little film, with more focus on the undercover espionage portion of James Bond's occupation, and less of the glamorous saving the world which would later become daily routine for him. In fact, one of the things that makes 'From Russia with Love' interesting is that it is a 007 movie made before the "Bond movie" formula was established, and noticeable differences in the storyline can be seen. 'Russia' is more of a slower film, with fewer action sequences and more focus on Bond actually being a spy rather than an action hero. This leisurely, tension-building storytelling likely would have garnered terrible reaction in the 90s, but 'From Russia with Love' is still a very strong, if less formulaic addition to the Bond series. Another noticeable difference is that Bond himself is much less the star of the show than is usually the case. Much more focus is placed on the supporting characters of the story, including minor characters such as chess master Kronsteen (Vladek Sheybal) who likely would simply have been eliminated from the story had 'Russia' followed the standard formula more closely. And for once, Bond isn't completely all knowing, capable of solving any problem independently - he teams up with the wise Kerim Bey (the charming Pedro Armendariz, his last film role) who shows Bond the ropes of Istanbul. But more standard story elements from the Bond formula are still present, such as menacing villains Rosa Klebb (the terrifying Lotte Lenya) and hit-man Red Grant. (an utterly intimidating and menacing Robert Shaw, the film's standout) And of course, there is still a slew of beautiful women for Bond to seduce, especially Russian decoding clerk Tatiana Romanova, played by the immensely gorgeous Daniela Bianchi. Also watch for a tense boat chase near the film's climax, the kind of stunt frequented by future Bond films. So 'From Russia with Love' is really a quieter, more suspenseful addition to the Bond series, with more focus on Bond doing some actual spying rather than explosions every five minutes and Bond saving the world from some elaborate scheme. It may drag at times, and may not prove quite as exciting as today's audiences might hope, but Connery is at the top of his game here as 007, and his opposers are genuinely menacing and intimidating. For those wishing the Bond franchise would place more emphasis of the espionage portion of Bond's occupation, 'From Russia with Love' should prove the perfect film for them. -8/10 helpful•67 10 pyrocitor Dec 26, 2005 Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating No Time to Die marks Daniel Craig's final outing in the James Bond franchise. See which 007 films have received the highest ratings from IMDb users.See the list List FAQ24 Why did Bond tell Tania they were going to rob the consulate on the 14th when he really intended to do it on the 13th? What is "From Russia with Love" about? Is "From Russia with Love" based on a book? Details Edit Release date October 25, 1963 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Languages English Russian Turkish Romany Also known as James Bond 007 - Liebesgrüße aus Moskau Filming locations Yerebatan Saray Sarniçi, Sultanahmet Square, Sultanahmet, Istanbul, Turkey Production company Eon Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $24,796,765 Gross worldwide $24,808,767 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 55 minutes Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Louis Armstrong Meets James Bond, Again: Why ‘We Have All the Time in the World’ Plays a Key Role in ‘No Time to Die’ Oct 10Variety Film + TV James Bond rewind: The first five directors of the 007 franchise Oct 8Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for From Russia with Love (1963)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.