Gamyam (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1583256?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=96154ad2-ff9d-45d3-bb50-7a39474f5d8e&pf_rd_r=K50YKN798BGV5XGB7680&pf_rd_s=center-4&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=india.toprated&ref_=fea_india_ss_toprated_india_tr_te_cap_pri_4
Gamyam (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Gamyam 20082008 2h IMDb RATING 8.3/10 3.3K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Drama Two guys, one a thief and the other filthy rich, meet each other in a journey started by the latter in search of his love.Two guys, one a thief and the other filthy rich, meet each other in a journey started by the latter in search of his love.Two guys, one a thief and the other filthy rich, meet each other in a journey started by the latter in search of his love. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 3.3K YOUR RATING Rate Director Radha Krishna Jagarlamudi Writers Nagaraju Gandham(dialogue) Radha Krishna Jagarlamudi(screenplay) Stars Sharwanand Allari Naresh Kamalinee Mukherjee Top credits Director Radha Krishna Jagarlamudi Writers Nagaraju Gandham(dialogue) Radha Krishna Jagarlamudi(screenplay) Stars Sharwanand Allari Naresh Kamalinee Mukherjee See production, box office & company info 3User reviews 1Critic review See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 2 nominations Photos9 Top cast Edit Sharwanand Abhiramas Abhiram Allari Naresh Gaali Seenuas Gaali Seenu Kamalinee Mukherjee Janakias Janaki Giri Babu Brahmanandam Hema Radha Krishna Jagarlamudi Naxalite Leaderas Naxalite Leader M.S. Narayana L.B. Sriram Vijayachander Director Radha Krishna Jagarlamudi Writers Nagaraju Gandham(dialogue) Radha Krishna Jagarlamudi(screenplay) (story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Manmadhudu 8.6 Aa Naluguru 8.3 Prasthanam 8.1 Leader 8.7 Nuvvu Naaku Nachchav 7.9 Kick 8.2 Bommarillu 7.9 Happy Days 8.3 Drushyam 9.0 Aha Naa Pellanta 8.3 Kshanam 8.4 Aditya 369 Storyline Edit Two guys, one a thief and the other filthy rich, meet each other in a journey started by the latter in search of his love. thief Plot summary Add synopsis Genre Drama Parents guide Add content advisory Did you know Edit Trivia This is the debut movie for the director, Krish and one of the protagonists, Sharwanand. Connections Remade as Savaari (2009) User reviews3 Review Top review 4/10 Written with good intent made to entertain solely, this is a compromise of sorts. Written with good intent made to entertain solely, this is a compromise of sorts. To be frank, I have seen this film for the first time and was very disappointed to sit all through the 2 hours journey of it. It's a journey of a rich brat realizing the truth and life as a whole. It tries too hard to pass on a message and to entertain at the same time. Bad acting by it's main protagonist Sharwanand (who has till date made offbeat films) lets the film completely down. The locales selected are good but showing them is too immature, if you have to capture an emotion of a character you can show his face in a close up rather than showing the whole of the background scene. Also, the music is a major hindrance and I would request the directors to keep music out of such films they act as spoilers more than songs. All, in all it's a badly made film but still written with a noble intent. I would credit the writer director Radhakrishna (Krish) for his writing abilities more than his directing abilities. For cinema's sake, one must understand should he himself direct the film or write and let some other person direct it. There are too many unwanted aberrations and scenes that made the film a bland thing rather than an engaging watch. The story is of a self discovery of a rich brat who used to see world through his bungalow or car windows, he takes upon a journey on bike to seek his love. And in this journey meets our hero (Gali Seenu), seriously Allari Naresh has done this role superbly well and for me is the hero of the film. Also Kamalinee Mukherjee just complements to her role Janaki aptly and thanks to dubbing by Sunitha. It moves from one place to another from Hyderabad to Kurnool (yaganti) to Narasipatnam. It shows the milieu of Andhra Pradesh but the characters are too clichéd and ineffective. Many a time, dialogues seem so fabricated and unnatural. (reason may be I was watching this alone at home and had I watched in theatre, reaction can be something else, sorry for the analytics). From feudal henchmen in Kurnool to Naxalites in forests of eastern ghats, it moves and shows the world that we seldom see. But was so much necessary for a self discovery? is what I seriously asked. Few dialogues as below just give a glimpse of what the movie is "I have seen the world, Paris, London not seen such poverty there" is where it begins and at the end our protagonist says "I have seen everything, from giving a baby's birth to Seenu's death in my own hands" so that may well give you a measure of what this movie is about. I would still say it's a very well written screenplay and dialogues strike the chord too. But all this is taken a back seat by bad direction. Bad direction examples 1) Seenu getting his wound healed by Janaki and Abhi does not even see her face. Too filmy boss 2) They get into Naxalites OK fine but was killing of Seenu so very necessary 3) Was Brahmanandam a character or a caricature 4) Is getting in a recording dance an attempt to include an item number or showing a culture of our state or to take the story forward, never got this logic. It's much overrated or may be we never saw quality cinema yet of self discovery that made this movie so very good for most of the viewers. Go see Good Will Hunting or better Motorcycle Diaries (from where this film was inspired) For me, it's average 2/5. Sorry Krish, hope you make better movies than this. Also, "of the whole money spent, this film could have been much better with half the budget, don't add songs and remove the Brahmanandam episode and your budget will be cut." helpful•2 13 braddugg Sep 20, 2014 Details Edit Release date February 29, 2008 (India) Country of origin India Language Telugu Also known as Destination Production company First Frame Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget ₹50,000,000 (estimated) See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours Color Color(original 35 mm prints) Color Related news Sp Releasing Acquires Rights to Andy Stapp’s Destination Marfa, Starring Tony Todd and Stelio Savante May 4DailyDead ‘Over the Moon’ Review: Glen Keane’s Delectable Netflix Debut Waxes as it Goes Along Oct 9Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Gamyam (2008) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Most anticipated Indian movies and shows Percentage shows amount of top page views. 1Marakkar: Lion of the Arabian Sea39.7% 2Ram Asur23.9% 3Bunty Aur Babli 28.3% 4RRR5.5% 5Antim: The Final Truth5.2% 6Matsya Kaand4.2% 7Pushpa: The Rise - Part 14.1% 8Satyameva Jayate 23.6% 9Dangerous2.8% 10Minnal Murali2.7% Updates approximately every 20 minutes. More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.