Gangs of Wasseypur (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1954470/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_223
Gangs of Wasseypur (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Gangs of Wasseypur 20122012 Not RatedNot Rated 5h 21m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 91K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,112 195 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:38 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionComedyCrime A clash between Sultan and Shahid Khan leads to the expulsion of Khan from Wasseypur, and ignites a deadly blood feud spanning three generations.A clash between Sultan and Shahid Khan leads to the expulsion of Khan from Wasseypur, and ignites a deadly blood feud spanning three generations.A clash between Sultan and Shahid Khan leads to the expulsion of Khan from Wasseypur, and ignites a deadly blood feud spanning three generations. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 91K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,112 195 Director Anurag Kashyap Writers Akhilesh Jaiswal Anurag Kashyap Sachin K. Ladia Stars Manoj Bajpayee Richa Chadha Nawazuddin Siddiqui Top credits Director Anurag Kashyap Writers Akhilesh Jaiswal Anurag Kashyap Sachin K. Ladia Stars Manoj Bajpayee Richa Chadha Nawazuddin Siddiqui See production, box office & company info 278User reviews 114Critic reviews 89Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #223 Awards 17 wins & 45 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:38 Trailer [OV] Trailer 2:15 Gangs of Wasseypur Photos168 Top cast Edit Manoj Bajpayee Sardar Khanas Sardar Khan Richa Chadha Nagma Khatoonas Nagma Khatoon Nawazuddin Siddiqui Faizal Khanas Faizal Khan Tigmanshu Dhulia Ramadhir Singhas Ramadhir Singh Jameel Khan Asgar Khanas Asgar Khan Piyush Mishra Nasir Ahmedas Nasir Ahmed Jaideep Ahlawat Shahid Khanas Shahid Khan Huma Qureshi Mohsinaas Mohsina Zeishan Quadri Definiteas Definite Vipin Sharma Ehsaan Qureshias Ehsaan Qureshi (as Vipin Shrma) Satyakam Anand J.P. Singhas J.P. Singh (as Satya Anand) Aditya Kumar Perpendicularas Perpendicular Rajkummar Rao Shamshadas Shamshad (as Raj Kumar Yadav) Vineet Kumar Singh Danish Khanas Danish Khan Sankalp Acharekar Tangentas Tangent Aditya Sardar's Fourth Sonas Sardar's Fourth Son Akshat Young Fazluas Young Fazlu Hasrat Ali Young Definiteas Young Definite Director Anurag Kashyap Writers Akhilesh Jaiswal Anurag Kashyap Sachin K. Ladia All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Andhadhun 8.4 Dangal 8.2 Hera Pheri 8.4 3 Idiots 8.2 Bhaag Milkha Bhaag 8.2 Drishyam 8.1 Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. 8.3 Tumbbad Watch options 8.1 PK 8.1 Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India 8.2 Eskiya 8.4 Ratsasan Storyline Edit Shahid Khan is exiled after impersonating the legendary Sultana Daku in order to rob British trains. Now outcast, Shahid becomes a worker at Ramadhir Singh's colliery, only to spur a revenge battle that passes on to generations. At the turn of the decade, Shahid's son, the philandering Sardar Khan vows to get his father's honor back, becoming the most feared man of Wasseypur. —anonymous revengebloodgunabusegangster13 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Action Comedy Crime Drama Thriller Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Anurag Kashyap: [hidden camera] Multiple chase sequences on crowded streets, among ordinary people and not hired extras. Anurag Kashyap uses hidden cameras to capture raw ambiance of the location in many of his movies, such as the slum chase in Black Friday (2004) Goofs (at around 28 mins) When Danish goes to Rajhans Mansion to kill his father's murderer's apprentice you can see "EZYPAY" poster on the left side of the screen with Mobile's picture in it. At that point of time as per movie even pagers were not around in India it was some years later that pagers were introduced and Faizal comes to know about it and it took some more years for mobile to be known in India. Quotes Sardar Khan: No matter how big the balls becomes, it stays under the penis. Crazy credits The opening credits are in black and white and distorted, to reflect the style of the times in which the opening is set. Connections Featured in 14th International Indian Film Academy Awards (2013) Soundtracks Jiya Tu Singer: Manoj Tiwari Composer: Sneha Khanwalkar User reviews278 Review Top review 8/10 The movie of the year It has been nearly 5 years since I went and saw a movie first day first show in the theatres. But such was the level of anticipation with "gangs of wasseypur" that I found myself standing in front of the ticket counter at quarter to nine. The movie, which is 160 minutes long, starts with a shoot-them-up which may be the most authentic shoot-to-kill scene in Hindi cinema. The movie tells the story of rivalries between different sects of Muslims: the butchers, Qureshis, and the Pathans, Khans and extend over a period of three generations. The story starts from the pre- independence era when the British owned the mines in Dhanbad. After independence, these mines pass on to the wealthy landlord who hires an exiled Pathan to act as his strongman. The pathan, the father of Sardar Khan (Manoj Vajpayee) has been kicked out of his village, Wasseypur, after a confrontation with the local musclemen, the Qureshis, and is now forced to work in the mines of Dhanbad. He starts becoming too big for his shoes and is bumped off by the landlord thus beginning a series of killings and counter-killings. The acting by the "star" cast is stunning with Manoj Vajpayee leading the pack in as good as a performance as "Bheeku Mahatre" in Satya. When he stares lustfully at the back side of Reema Sen (here resurrected after being in the wilderness for nearly half a dozen years), you can feel the lust as a physical thing. He is backed by a very strong ensemble cast. The real strength of the movie is its dialogues. The words, replete with the choicest of abuses, feel as if they were wiretapped. The conversation rings true to life and had me laughing at the sheer vulgarity of it. The patois is captured very faithfully. The only negative point about the movie is its length which could have been edited somewhat in the second half when the third generation takes up (like the long Godfather III, if you may). Anurag Kashyap has put his soul into the movie and that is visible from every frame of the movie. The direction is the best I have seen this year in Hindi cinema and will only increase the expectations from the second part of this opus. And that is why I am jealous of the lucky bastards at the Cannes film festival who got to see both the parts back to back. The movie ends at a tantalizing junction and the prospect of meeting with these barely lovable characters for a second outing left me salivating. helpful•139 31 ragingbull_2005 Jun 22, 2012 FAQ1 Is the film based on a true story? Details Edit Release date June 22, 2012 (India) Country of origin India Official site Official Facebook Language Hindi Also known as 瓦塞浦黑帮(上) Filming locations Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India Production companies Jar Pictures AKFPL Bohra Bros Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget ₹184,000,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $4,384,642 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 5 hours 21 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital EX Datasat Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news 15 Great Contemporary Indian Crime Thrillers Nov 1AsianMoviePulse Korean ‘Masked Singer’ Broadcaster Mbc Unveils New ‘Masked Talent’ Format – Global Bulletin Jul 28Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for Gangs of Wasseypur (2012)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Most anticipated Indian movies and shows Percentage shows amount of top page views. 1Marakkar: Lion of the Arabian Sea39.7% 2Ram Asur23.9% 3Bunty Aur Babli 28.3% 4RRR5.5% 5Antim: The Final Truth5.2% 6Matsya Kaand4.2% 7Pushpa: The Rise - Part 14.1% 8Satyameva Jayate 23.6% 9Dangerous2.8% 10Minnal Murali2.7% Updates approximately every 20 minutes. More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.