Generation Kill (TV Mini Series 2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0995832/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=12230b0e-0e00-43ed-9e59-8d5353703cce&pf_rd_r=F1T92JWP35CW5954KDW6&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=toptv&ref_=chttvtp_tt_196
Generation Kill (TV Mini Series 2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Generation Kill TV Mini Series 20082008 TV-MATV-MA 1h 10m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 51K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,359 67 Episode guide Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics All topics Play clip3:18 The Rise of Alexander Skarsgård 1 Video 79 Photos DramaWar A Rolling Stone reporter, embedded with The 1st Recon Marines chronicles his experiences during the first wave of the American-led assault on Baghdad in 2003.A Rolling Stone reporter, embedded with The 1st Recon Marines chronicles his experiences during the first wave of the American-led assault on Baghdad in 2003.A Rolling Stone reporter, embedded with The 1st Recon Marines chronicles his experiences during the first wave of the American-led assault on Baghdad in 2003. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 51K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,359 67 Stars Alexander Skarsgård James Ransone Lee Tergesen Top credits Stars Alexander Skarsgård James Ransone Lee Tergesen See production, box office & company info 101User reviews 41Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated TV #196 Won 3 Primetime Emmys 13 wins & 22 nominations total Episodes7 Browse episodes TopTop-rated 1 Season 2008 Videos1 Clip 3:18 The Rise of Alexander Skarsgård Photos79 Top cast Edit Alexander Skarsgård Sgt. Brad 'Iceman' Colbertas Sgt. Brad 'Iceman' Colbert7 episodes7 eps • 2008 James Ransone Cpl. Josh Ray Personas Cpl. Josh Ray Person7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Lee Tergesen Evan 'Scribe' Wrightas Evan 'Scribe' Wright7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Jon Huertas Sgt. Antonio Esperaas Sgt. Antonio Espera7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Stark Sands Lt. Nathaniel Fickas Lt. Nathaniel Fick7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Billy Lush Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombleyas Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Jonah Lotan Navy Hm2 Robert Timothy 'Doc' Bryanas Navy Hm2 Robert Timothy 'Doc' Bryan7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Wilson Bethel Cpl. Evan 'Q-Tip' Staffordas Cpl. Evan 'Q-Tip' Stafford7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Pawel Szajda Cpl. Walt Hasseras Cpl. Walt Hasser7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Marc Menchaca Gunnery Sgt. Mike 'Gunny' Wynnas Gunnery Sgt. Mike 'Gunny' Wynn7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Rey Valentin Cpl. Gabe Garzaas Cpl. Gabe Garza7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Kellan Lutz Cpl. Jason Lilleyas Cpl. Jason Lilley7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Mike Figueroa Sgt. Leandro 'Shady B' Baptistaas Sgt. Leandro 'Shady B' Baptista7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Rudy Reyes Sgt. Rodolfo 'Rudy' Reyesas Sgt. Rodolfo 'Rudy' Reyes7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Rich McDonald Cpl. Anthony 'Manimal' Jacksas Cpl. Anthony 'Manimal' Jacks7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Eric Ladin Cpl. James Chaffinas Cpl. James Chaffin7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Chance Kelly Lt. Col. Stephen 'Godfather' Ferrandoas Lt. Col. Stephen 'Godfather' Ferrando7 episodes7 eps • 2008 Eric Nenninger Cpt. Dave 'Captain America' McGrawas Cpt. Dave 'Captain America' McGraw7 episodes7 eps • 2008 All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 The Pacific 8.5 Unsere Mütter, unsere Väter 9.4 Band of Brothers 8.5 John Adams 8.6 We Stand Alone Together 8.0 Show Me a Hero 8.2 Treme 8.6 Deadwood 8.6 The Corner 8.7 Rome 7.5 Restrepo 7.3 The Plot Against America Storyline Edit Following multiple recon marines during the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a group of mixed personalities, you see the dysfunctionality of the military, and on other times, how formalized and heroic it can be. A Rolling Stones reporter joins reconnaissance marines invading Iraq and recounts the mix of horrors and hilarity he encounters during his time there. —Ernie Mastroianni male frontal nudity2000syear 2003militarysinging in a car26 more Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Drama War Certificate TV-MA Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The real Sgt. Mjr. John Sixta, known for his over the top enforcement of grooming standards, has been charged with child molestation in Yuma, AZ and Riverside, CA. Quotes Cpl. Gabe Garza: Hey. There's kids holding hands. Sgt. Brad 'Iceman' Colbert: Oh cute. Don't shoot 'em, Garza. Connections Featured in The 61st Primetime Emmy Awards (2009) User reviews101 Review Top review 10/10 Captures The Full Chaos and Absurdity of War I had heard of "Generation Kill" when it premiered in 2008, but was unable to view since I do not have HBO. So I forgot about it for a while until some time ago I was looking around at the local library when I just happened to sight this little, television masterpiece, and decided, especially in light of what the result of our adventure in Iraq has been in the last few years, to give it a chance. And though I can't say "Generation Kill" was necessarily my favorite viewing experience, I'm glad I did. Based off of the memoirs of a Rolling Stone reporter embedded with the 1st Marine Recon Unit during the first days of the US invasion of Iraq, it begins on the eve of that faithful event by introducing the viewer to the men of 1st Marine Recon (many of whom are based off of real life Marines), their code, standards, and every day experience. When they learn that the invasion is going ahead, they also learn that a reporter from Rolling Stone will be coming with them. Initially reluctant to having a greenhorn tag along with them, they warm up to the young writer when they learn he used to write for Penthouse, a magazine many of these young, red blooded males are familiar with! Through the production, we see the course of events through the eyes of the Marines and their "hang around" in a the most unsugar coated method possible, and we come away with no illusions about what war is really like. What makes "Generation Kill" so different from other war productions is the fact that it strips away the unnecessary fluff and puff and presents the story in an almost character ensemble/documentary style. In "Generation Kill" there is no music score or opening theme, only the crackle and chatter of voices over the radio greets us at the beginning and end credits of each episode, multiple units and men sounding off into the dead of night, which truth be told, is far more effective than any music theme could be (That being said, the final scenes of the last episode feature a most appropriate use of Johnny Cash's "The Man Comes Around", the only recorded song used in the entire series). There is also not much in the way of heroics or glory for the simple reason that in war, there is none to be found. There are no eagles soaring, or glory sounding tunes, or any other BS like that; only following the orders of your superiors (Even if they're complete fools or incompetent), hurrying up and waiting, and of course, death and destruction. And that last part is especially evident in "Generation", as the series pulls no punches in regards to the civilian "collateral damage" that occurred in Iraq during our invasion, and thus shows the cost civilians pay when armies, even with the best of intentions, come charging into their environment in a combat role (To those who think US troops patrolling troubled neighborhoods would be a good idea, I challenge them to watch this and then try to argue for that idea!). All of this is effectively shown through the tremendous efforts of the directors, producers, show runners, writers, and actors such as Jon Huertas, Alexander Skarsgard, Lee Tergesen, Stark Sands, Neal Jones, Michael Kelly, Chance Kelly, former real life 1st Marine Rudy Reyes, James Ransone, and many, many more who I don't have the space for. To round it up, "Generation Kill" is a mini-series that leaves nothing to the imagination when it comes to the chaos and absurd nature of conflict, be it Iraq or anywhere else. As one former Marine commented here, this is the closet thing to war short of going there and actually filming it. For a former service member to say that, you know they did something right here. If you want to see what the reality of conflict without actually being there, then check out "Generation Kill". Stay frosty. helpful•42 5 bayardhiler Jul 11, 2016 FAQ2 Can someone translate all those akronyms like SOP, LAV, RCT1, MSR, MRE, EPW, ATO, RTO, CG, and so on? What kind of scope is Sgt. "Iceman" Colbert using? Details Edit Release date July 13, 2008 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official site HBO (United States) Language English Also known as Покоління вбивць Filming locations South Africa Production companies Boom Blown Deadline Productions Company Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 10 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.78 : 1 Related news Colorist Asa Shoul on Creating Eras Through Tone Shifts in ‘Last Night in Soho’ Nov 13Variety Film + TV ‘The Wire’ Alums Felicia Pearson, Ed Burns Developing Limited Series About Pearson’s Life (Exclusive) Sep 29Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Generation Kill (2008) officially released in Canada in French?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Add episode More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.