Get Out (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5052448?ref_=rlm
Get Out (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Get Out 20172017 RR 1h 44m IMDb RATING 7.7/10 538K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 284 117 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 21 Videos 99+ Photos HorrorMysteryThriller A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point.A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point.A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 538K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 284 117 Director Jordan Peele Writer Jordan Peele Stars Daniel Kaluuya Allison Williams Bradley Whitford Top credits Director Jordan Peele Writer Jordan Peele Stars Daniel Kaluuya Allison Williams Bradley Whitford See production, box office & company info 1.7KUser reviews 497Critic reviews 85Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 149 wins & 206 nominations total Videos21 Trailer 2:33 Trailer #1 Clip 3:46 Jason Blum: A Brief History of Blumhouse Clip 3:15 The Rise of Oscar Winner Daniel Kaluuya Clip 1:14 Clip Clip 0:58 Chris Notices Something Weird Clip 0:53 Police Ask Chris For I D Clip 0:35 Two Party Guests Clip 0:42 Dean Asks About Dating Interview 3:08 J Peele Interview 1:08 S Root Interview 1:57 J Blum Interview 2:19 A Williams Photos243 Top cast Edit Daniel Kaluuya Chris Washingtonas Chris Washington Allison Williams Rose Armitageas Rose Armitage Bradley Whitford Dean Armitageas Dean Armitage Catherine Keener Missy Armitageas Missy Armitage Caleb Landry Jones Jeremy Armitageas Jeremy Armitage Marcus Henderson Walteras Walter Betty Gabriel Georginaas Georgina LaKeith Stanfield Andre Logan Kingas Andre Logan King Stephen Root Jim Hudsonas Jim Hudson Lil Rel Howery Rod Williamsas Rod Williams Ashley LeConte Campbell Lisa Deetsas Lisa Deets John Wilmot Gordon Greeneas Gordon Greene Caren L. Larkey Emily Greeneas Emily Greene (as Caren Larkey) Julie Ann Jones April Drayas April Dray (as Julie Ann Doan) Rutherford Cravens Parker Drayas Parker Dray Geraldine Singer Philomena Kingas Philomena King Yasuhiko Oyama Hiroki Tanakaas Hiroki Tanaka Richard Herd Roman Armitageas Roman Armitage Director Jordan Peele Writer Jordan Peele All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 Us 7.3 Split 7.3 Hereditary 7.3 It 7.5 A Quiet Place 7.1 Midsommar 6.6 Bird Box 6.9 The VVitch: A New-England Folktale 7.5 The Conjuring 7.0 The Cabin in the Woods 6.8 The Babadook 6.5 It Chapter Two Storyline Edit Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. —Anonymous hypnosisracismneurosurgeonabductionbrain surgery324 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Just because you're invited, doesn't mean you're welcome. Genres Horror Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence, bloody images, and language including sexual references Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Daniel Kaluuya was given the lead role on the spot after nailing his audition. Writer, co-producer, and director Jordan Peele said Kaluuya did about five takes of a key scene, in which his character needs to cry, and each was so perfect that the single tear came down at the exact same time for each take. Goofs When Rod searches for information on Andre Hayworth, the second result is a page titled "How to report a missing person." However, in the close-up, the excerpt from the page shows instructions on how to feed a dog. Quotes [last lines] Rod Williams: I mean, I told you not to go in that house. I mean... Chris Washington: How you find me? Rod Williams: I'm TS-motherfuckin'-A. We handle shit. That's what we do. Consider this situation fuckin' handled. Connections Featured in Late Night with Seth Meyers: Anna Kendrick/Jordan Peele/Old 97's/Andres Forero (2017) Soundtracks Run Rabbit Run Written by Ralph T. Butler and Noel Gay Performed by Flanagan and Allen Courtesy of Decca Music Group Limited Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews1.7K Review Top review 8/10 Relevant, Intelligent, Terrifying, Hilarious, Entertaining Jordan Peele, of Key and Peele fame, kicks off his directorial career with a genre-swapping film that depicts a young black man's ill-fated journey to his white girlfriend's parents' house. There he finds that all is not as it should be, and that his prospective in-laws may not be as normal as they appear to be. The atmosphere of 'Get Out' is one of the very best you can create in a film. Spine-chillingly creepy at times, with foreshadowing and acting that works better than any jump scare, and at other times raucously enjoyable, witty, and entertaining, it succeeds across all fronts. Daniel Kaluuya makes for a relatable and likable protagonist that the audience can root for, whilst Lil Rel Howery as his erstwhile and foul-mouthed friend is huge fun, and one of the standout comedy characters in recent years. The parents, played note-perfectly by Catherine Keener and Bradley Whitford, represent a ramped-up version of the so-called 'West Wing liberals', the type of people who purport to be progressive and welcoming, but inadvertently make black people uncomfortable with racial stereotypes and microaggressions. The film ends up being one of the best cinematic examples of presenting race in a long time. Perfectly capturing the zeitgeisty racial divide in modern America, its depiction of the daily struggles faced by minorities is remarkable, and one of the scariest aspects of the film is how plausible and true to life it all is (up to a point). The satire is delivered flawlessly, and Peele deserves all the plaudits he is receiving for the astounding first-time effort he has made here. Combining his fresh, razor-sharp and highly witty script with the subtle yet 100% effective direction, he has made a film that is not only one of the best satires of modern times, but also an incredibly enjoyable horror-comedy. It is not quite accurate to label 'Get Out' a true horror film. It is certainly scary, mainly stemming from the experience Kaluuya's Chris has to go through, which transports the viewer into his shoes and leaves us on edge throughout the buildup. However, if you go in expecting a Halloween-ready horror film that will rival the horror classics, you will inevitably be disappointed. It is more of a horror-style thriller, with its dynamic plot taking the audience on a twisty and unpredictable journey that lets the viewer piece it together whilst going along. Overall, 'Get Out' is probably the best film of the first few months of 2017. Being fresh, innovative, thrilling, scary, and sharply scripted, Jordan Peele's debut is promising and it's an important film for the issue of race. 91/100. helpful•10 4 BillSims28 Apr 3, 2017 Details Edit Release date February 24, 2017 (United States) Countries of origin United States Japan Official sites Official Facebook Official Site Language English Also known as 逃出绝命镇 Filming locations Fairhope, Alabama, USA Production companies Universal Pictures Blumhouse Productions QC Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $4,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $176,040,665 Opening weekend US & Canada $33,377,060 Feb 26, 2017 Gross worldwide $255,589,157 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 44 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Roadside Attractions And Vertical Entertainment Acquire John Michael McDonagh Film ‘The Forgiven’ Starring Jessica Chastain & Ralph Fiennes Nov 11Deadline Film + TV Norman Reedus, Sean Patrick Flanery & Director Troy Duffy Reunite For ‘The Boondock Saints III’ – AFM Nov 1Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.