Ghostbusters (1984) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087332/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_87
Ghostbusters (1984) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Ghostbusters 19841984 PGPG 1h 45m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 380K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 87 34 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:35 32 Videos 99+ Photos ActionComedyFantasy Three parapsychologists forced out of their university funding set up shop as a unique ghost removal service in New York City, attracting frightened yet skeptical customers.Three parapsychologists forced out of their university funding set up shop as a unique ghost removal service in New York City, attracting frightened yet skeptical customers.Three parapsychologists forced out of their university funding set up shop as a unique ghost removal service in New York City, attracting frightened yet skeptical customers. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 380K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 87 34 Director Ivan Reitman Writers Dan Aykroyd Harold Ramis Rick Moranis(uncredited) Stars Bill Murray Dan Aykroyd Sigourney Weaver Top credits Director Ivan Reitman Writers Dan Aykroyd Harold Ramis Rick Moranis(uncredited) Stars Bill Murray Dan Aykroyd Sigourney Weaver See production, box office & company info 629User reviews 272Critic reviews 71Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 7 wins & 8 nominations total Videos32 Trailer 1:35 30th Anniversary Trailer Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Trailer 1:05 Ghostbusters Trailer 1:22 Ghostbusters Trailer 1:22 Ghostbusters Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Trailer 2:13 Ghostbusters Photos427 Top cast Edit Bill Murray Dr. Peter Venkmanas Dr. Peter Venkman Dan Aykroyd Dr. Raymond Stantzas Dr. Raymond Stantz Sigourney Weaver Dana Barrettas Dana Barrett Harold Ramis Dr. Egon Spengleras Dr. Egon Spengler Rick Moranis Louis Tullyas Louis Tully Annie Potts Janine Melnitzas Janine Melnitz William Atherton Walter Peckas Walter Peck Ernie Hudson Winston Zeddemoreas Winston Zeddemore David Margulies Mayoras Mayor Steven Tash Male Studentas Male Student Jennifer Runyon Female Studentas Female Student Slavitza Jovan Gozeras Gozer Michael Ensign Hotel Manageras Hotel Manager Alice Drummond Librarianas Librarian Jordan Charney Dean Yeageras Dean Yeager Timothy Carhart Violinistas Violinist John Rothman Library Administratoras Library Administrator Tom McDermott Archbishopas Archbishop Director Ivan Reitman Writers Dan Aykroyd Harold Ramis Rick Moranis(uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.6 Ghostbusters II 6.5 Ghostbusters 7.5 Beetle Juice 7.6 Ghostbusters: Afterlife 7.3 Gremlins 7.5 Batman 6.9 The Addams Family 7.3 Poltergeist 7.0 Batman Returns 7.5 A Nightmare on Elm Street 7.4 The Rocky Horror Picture Show 6.4 Gremlins 2: The New Batch Storyline Edit Peter Venkman, Ray Stantz and Egon Spengler work at Columbia University. where they delve into the paranormal and fiddle with many unethical experiments on their students. As they are kicked out of the University, they really understand the paranormal and go into business for themselves. Under the new snazzy business name of 'Ghostbusters', and living in the old firehouse building they work out of, they are called to rid New York City of paranormal phenomenon at everyone's whim. - for a price. They make national press as the media reports the Ghostbusters are the cause of it all. Thrown in jail by the EPA, the mayor takes a chance and calls on them to help save the city. Unbeknownst to all, a long dead Gozer worshiper (Evo Shandor) erected a downtown apartment building which is the cause of all the paranormal activity. They find out the building could resurrect the ancient Hittite god, Gozer, and bring an end to all of humanity. Who are you gonna call to stop this terrible world-ending menace? —Chad Grill ghostghostbusterparanormal investigation teamsupernatural beingscientist241 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Here to save the world again. [re-release] Genres Action Comedy Fantasy Sci-Fi Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Louis Tully mingles with his party guests (commenting on the price of the salmon, and so on), the scene is one continuous shot, and almost entirely improvised. Goofs Ray declares the phenomena they are witnessing may be as important as "the Tunguska blast of 1909." It occurred June 30, 1908. Quotes Dr. Raymond Stantz: Everything was fine with our system until the power grid was shut off by dickless here. Walter Peck: They caused an explosion! Mayor: Is this true? Dr. Peter Venkman: Yes it's true. [pause] Dr. Peter Venkman: This man has no dick. Walter Peck: Jeez! [Charges at Venkman] Mayor: Break it up! Hey, break this up! Break it up! Walter Peck: All right, all right, all right! Dr. Peter Venkman: Well, that's what I heard! Crazy credits During the end credits, as the Ghostbusters are leaving in Ecto-1, three priests can be seen giving the last rites to a chunk of the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man Alternate versions All German TV versions omit the line by Peter Venkman: "He's a sailor, he's in New York, we get this guy laid, we won't have any trouble." The video and DVD versions are uncut. Connections Edited into Muppet Babies: Good, Clean Fun (1984) Soundtracks Ghostbusters Written and Performed by Ray Parker Jr. Courtesy of Arista Records, Inc. User reviews629 Review Top review Film Has Endured the 80's and Stayed Sharp Through the 90's Bill Murray is one of the best wise guys in the business. I was amazed to find out on the GHOSTBUSTERS 15th Anniversary DVD that Murray had little to do with the dialogue his classicly blase, fiercely cynical 'Dr. Venkman' cuts loose throughout this good comedy. Credit Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis with "getting into Bill's mind" as Ramis puts it and presenting Murray with a gag-a-second character. Murray also lends his own comic genius through his delivery and facial gestures (especially with his classic cross-eyed, curled-lip look). Together with a fun premise and above average special effects, GHOSTBUSTERS will never be a relic of the 80's and should always be a refreshingly humorous spook show. Murray rules the screen, mauling his geeky para-psychologist partners and hitting on a young blonde while conducting shock therapy experiments on her. Aykroyd uses his standard machine gun delivery of obscure (or should I say made up) facts and anecdotes and Ramis is just enough for the ultra-dork 'Egon'. The funniest element in GHOSTBUSTERS happens to be Rick Moranis in a splendid role as a small-time accountant who has parties for clients only and becomes mixed up in some extremely supernatural events. Along with Sigourney Weaver, Moranis has the most difficult physical tasks to topple. This was a picture I loved when I was a kid. I must have went some 12 to 15 years before I saw it again and I was alarmingly impressed. It has endured. The special effects are not only good, but they are comedic and add even more laughs throughout the 'Busters turbulent jobs. The DVD version has tons of goodies included and is an essential addition to any Saturday Night Live fan's movie library. SNL is the very essence and reason for GHOSTBUSTERS, where Murray and Aykroyd starred. Director Ivan Reitman created his meal ticket here and can pretty much do any comedy he wants now. It is a shame John Belushi was not around to play one of the 'Busters, for he was originally cast. The movie is already well-paced and engaging so just imagine how frenzied the pace would have been with Belushi. Regardless, GHOSTBUSTERS is one for the kids, teens, and adults alike. It has spanned these phases for me and still works wonderfully. RATING: *** helpful•117 20 Don-102 Oct 12, 1999 FAQ15 Why did Zuul and Vinz Clortho possess Dana and Louis's bodies? Why did none of the dining guests appear to see Gozer's minion as it "got" Louis outside the restaurant? What did the ghost of a woman do to Ray in the fort detmerring? Details Edit Release date June 8, 1984 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Columbia Pictures Official Facebook Language English Also known as Ghostbreakers Filming locations Fire Station 23 - 225 E. 5th Street, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Delphi Films Black Rhino Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $30,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $243,578,797 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,578,151 Jun 10, 1984 Gross worldwide $296,578,797 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 2.40 : 1 Related news Jane Campion Will Never Direct a Superhero Movie: ‘I Hate Them’ (Exclusive) Nov 17Variety Film + TV Ghostbusters: Afterlife review – defanged retread that is lacking in spirit and laughs Nov 17The Guardian - Film News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Ghostbusters (1984)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.