Gifted (2017) - Gifted (2017) - User Reviews - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4481414/reviews?ref_=tt_urv
Gifted (2017) - Gifted (2017) - User Reviews - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Gifted (2017) User Reviews Review this title 297 Reviews </span> Hide Spoilers Sort by: Helpfulness Review Date Total Votes Prolific Reviewer Review Rating Filter by Rating: Show All 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 6 Stars 7 Stars 8 Stars 9 Stars 10 Stars 7/10 super duper cute kid SnoopyStyle27 December 2017 Frank Adler (Chris Evans) has been raising her niece Mary Adler (McKenna Grace) since her mathematical genius mother Diane left her as a baby and then committed suicide. He sends her off to first grade despite her protestation. Her teacher Bonnie Stevenson (Jenny Slate) realizes her mathematical skills. Frank resists efforts to put her into special school by the principal and his strict mother Evelyn Adler (Lindsay Duncan) who seeks to take custody. Roberta Taylor (Octavia Spencer) is their friend and landlord. Mckenna Grace is super duper cute missing-my-front-teeth adorable. Director Marc Webb keeps the movie running on the straight and narrow. Slate and Evans have a nice chemistry. This is not the most challenging film but it's an easy watch. I do have a problem with the resolution of the court case but the drama does need to go somewhere. It has the advantage of going where I wasn't expecting. It's a little girl alternate Good Will Hunting. 0 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Not a miracle, but a fairly good watch Horst_In_Translation20 July 2017 Warning: Spoilers "Gifted" is an American 100-minute film from this year (2017), so still a really new one we have here. The director is Marc Webb, who is still most known of course for his take on Spider Man starring Andrew Garfield. But this blockbuster should not be in the focus today. Instead, we talk about this film here that is writer Tom Flynn's most known work until now. It is the story of a young girl who is a child prodigy, just like her mother was. She lives with her uncle as her mother's genius was also her demise eventually and the uncle (played by Captain America Chris Evans) tries all he can to keep his niece from living a life as destructible as her mother did. There is also a bit of an evil stepmother character in here and that one is played by Lindsay Duncan, even if she is of course actually the grandmother and she wants her granddaughter to continue her daughter's work. Now I mentioned already some of the actors and characters here and I believe that Duncan is the MVP overall. Admittedly, it is by definition already a role with great potential, but she sure delivers and fulfills the expectations. The only contender for MVP is child actress Mckenna Grace, who I can see really having a bright career if she decides to keep making movies when entering adult life. She really had my eyes glued to the screen in every scene she was in and actually those were not as many scenes as you would expect as we see the people around her more than we see her at times. For Chris Evans, this is a worthy addition to his body of work too. He did a fine job most of the time and he is one of the current superhero actors who still need to establish themselves as character actors (something Cumberbatch, Ruffalo and RDJ have done a long time ago already), but he is on the right track. Jenny Slate I am still undecided. Eventually her character is a bit pointless. But the teacher parts early on were played well by her, the romance parts added almost nothing and in the second half of the film she is just there with no material at all. Oscar winner Octavia Spencer is once again a disappointment. Her character could have been left out completely and it would not have changed a thing. Besides, she has a tendency to play exactly the same character in every film she is in really and by now it has gotten stale and repetitive. Yes she has recognition value (like Slate too, maybe Evans could have a bit more), but that simply is not enough anymore in my opinion. Yeah, she brings some comedy here and there, but honestly the Black lawyer was really enough to have that genre covered. Story-wise, the film was convincingly written I would say. Here and there a minor weakness, but the argument "kids don't talk/act like that" can easily be refuted by the protagonist being different. The scene when Evans' character leaves the girl with the foster parents was probably the saddest and most touching of the entire film. Afterward, it turned a bit into a sob story, also with the dog being almost killed before daddy rushes in and then also the scene with Duncan's character back in action and the final confrontation scene when she realizes what she did to her daughter. It's truly walking the edge, probably depends on your perception if you think it's masterfully balancing or crossing the edge. The story arc with the finished theory I am not sure if I liked it. It came a bit surprising in possibly not the best way, but I think that the explanation was nicely handled and the interpretation too as we know the grandma will never leave the girl alone unless she gets these documents of which she did not even know existed. I think I can live with that as I can live with the entire film. It has its moments, both good and bad, and eventually it is worth checking out, even if I would not say it's best-of-the-year material or a must-see by any means. The highs are higher than the lows are lower I guess, so it's a positive recommendation from me. Thumbs up. Oh yeah, before I forget one final note: The entire thing reminded me a bit of "What Maisie Knew" from 5 years earlier, perhaps slightly inferior to that one, but both are defined through strong performances by girls playing core characters. If you liked WMK, you may end up enjoying this one too. 2 out of 8 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 The Man Who Shot Liberty Mutual nogodnomasters5 July 2017 Warning: Spoilers Mary Adler is a six year old mathematically gifted child being raised by her uncle Frank, a freelance boat repairman, in Florida. They own a one-eyed cat named Fred and rent from Octavia Spencer who always manages the perfect role or maybe she is just that good. Mary comes from a line of mathematical geniuses. Frank (Chris Evans) is attempting to raise Mary as a "normal" child reflecting on the wishes of her melancholy mother who is deceased. However, not everyone agrees with Frank as Mary is "one in a billion" which leads to a custody battle. Frank is also intelligent and has a flippant sense of humor. The film's strong points are its characters and underlying humor. Mckenna Grace did an excellent job as the gifted child and I love her more than my stupid niece in medical school. (Just kidding folks). The film focuses on developing gifted children for the benefit of society, or to let them have happy lives. Guide: 1 F-word. Implied sex. No nudity. "The Girl with All the Gifts" is a different film enjoyable on a different level 2 out of 9 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 True talent kosmasp9 June 2020 Which is true of the actors involved but also part of the story you are about to embark and enjoy. Now some things may be predictable (relationships and where they are heading), but that does not take anything away from the movie. You had to have charismatic people in this one. To convey everything they go through and to help the movie not sink into some of the cliche traps it has to avoid. The kid actor is great too. You actually believe she is what she portrays. Great drama overall and really nice script and dialog too. I missed this in the cinemas, but got the opportunity to watch it the other day. This will work best with those open to a movie like this. Cynicism aside and you'll enjoy it 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Gifted jboothmillard25 June 2017 Warning: Spoilers I saw the trailer for this film no more than a week before it was released, it looked like a really simple idea, a brainy kid with a funny smart aleck personality and a custody battle, I was looking forward to it, directed by Marc Webb (500 Days of Summer, The Amazing Spider-Man). Basically in a small town near Tampa, Florida, seven-year-old Mary Adler (Mckenna Grace) is starting her first day at school in the first grade, she impresses and bewilders her teacher Bonnie Stevenson (Jenny Slate) showing her remarkable mathematical talent. Mary is offered a scholarship to a private school for gifted children, but her uncle and guardian Frank (Chris Evans), a freelance boat repairman, turns it down, based on the experience of his family with similar schools, he wants to give Mary the chance to have a "normal" childhood. Mary's mother Diane took her own life when Mary was six months old, Diane was a promising mathematician, dedicated to the Navier–Stokes problem, one of the unsolved Millennium Prize Problems, Mary has lived with Frank ever since her suicide. Seeking to gain custody of Mary and move her to Massachusetts is Evelyn (Lindsay Duncan), Frank's estranged mother and Mary's maternal grandmother, she believes Mary is a "one-in-a- billion" mathematical prodigy and should be specially tutored to prepare for a life devoted to mathematics. Frank however is adamant that his sister Diane would want her to be in a normal school and have a childhood she didn't have, so begins a court case to determine who gets custody, but Frank worries the judge will rule against him and he will lose Mary completely, he talks often about his concerns with close friend and neighbour Roberta Taylor (Octavia Spencer). Frank and his lawyer Greg Cullen (Glenn Plummer) agree a compromise, Mary will be placed in foster care and attend the private school Evelyn has chosen her to enrol, the foster parents live just 25 minutes from Frank's home, and he will have scheduled visits, Mary will be able to decide where she lives when she turns twelve. Mary is devastated at being placed in foster care, she initially refuses to see Frank, Bonnie finds out their one-eyed cat Fred was put up by the foster parents for adoption, due to allergy issues for Evelyn, Frank retrieves the cat from the pound, Evelyn has taken up residence in Mary's foster home guest house, and oversees Mary's education. Frank confronts Evelyn, revealing that before she killed herself she had solved the Navier–Stokes problem, but stipulated that the solution was to be withheld until Evelyn's death, it meant everything to Evelyn to see her daughter solve the problem she dedicated her life to. In the end, Frank offers to publish Diane's work, in return for Evelyn dropping her objection to him and gaining custody of Mary, Evelyn reluctantly agrees, Mary returns to the public school, and makes "normal" friends, but continues taking higher level courses in the afternoon. Also starring John M. Jackson as Judge Edward Nichols, John Finn as Aubrey Highsmith, Michael Kendall Kaplan as Justin Gilmore and Elizabeth Marvel as Gloria Davis. Evans strips his Captain America armour and shows his softer side well, Spencer gets her moments as the concerned neighbour, and Duncan does well as the English woman not being completely hateful, but the film does almost entirely belong to Grace, she creates both laughs and emotion as the cute, cheeky and highly intelligent girl. It is a very simple story, a girl with a gift, and the two people who can care for her fighting to decide her future, but it is not just all arguments and despair, there is plenty of room for funny moments, especially from the young talent, and there are some thoughtful scenes, including the discussion of God, it is a surprisingly affective and enjoyable comedy drama. Very good! 1 out of 5 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink What is the best way to raise a gifted child? TxMike7 August 2017 Warning: Spoilers My wife and I watched this at home on DVD from a Redbox rental. Set in Florida but filmed mostly near Savannah, Georgia and Tybee Island just a short drive down the coast. The DVD has a few deleted scenes which help highlight the themes presented in this fictional story. It is nominally about a 7-yr-old girl who has a rare gift for arcane higher level mathematics. Her deceased mother also had this gift and, to a lesser extent, her grandmother. But mom killed herself when the daughter was just a baby, family assumed because she had failed to solve a great mathematics problem and couldn't live with the failure. So the young girl's uncle assumed the parenting role and moved them from Massachusetts to Florida. He left his job as professor of ethics and is now a handyman repairing boats. Chris Evans is the uncle, Frank Adler and the young girl is Mckenna Grace as Mary Adler. The grandmother is British actress (of 'A Year in Provence' fame) Lindsay Duncan as Evelyn Adler. Each is excellent in his/her role. Because the deceased daughter was disowned by the grandmother for getting pregnant she lost track of her son and granddaughter. When she finally found them and realized the granddaughter was a math prodigy she went to court to gain custody. That is the meat of the story, who gets to be a parent to the girl, what type of environment can she best thrive in an grow up to be a happy, well-adjusted adult who can make good choices? Good movie. The young actress must herself be very intelligent, she plays the role so believably. Other actors with key roles are Jenny Slate as Mary's teacher, Bonnie Stevenson and Octavia Spencer as the neighbor Roberta Taylor who understands Mary and what Frank is trying to accomplish. SPOILERS: In court an agreement was reached to put Mary with a local family to foster her but Frank soon discovers that grandma Evelyn is violating it, she has moved into the guest house and hired two mathematicians to work daily with Mary. Frank quickly gets Mary out, as the story ends we see Mary happy and attending college level math classes while still enjoying a life that lets her be a girl. Evelyn's problem is she wanted to "own" the mathematics of Mary, just as she had done with her daughter, to get her validation through them. Frank showed her a completed manuscript from the deceased daughter, she had in fact completed the proof but didn't want it published until after Evelyn has passed away, indicating how deep the resentment was. 0 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink I will recommend it to everyone Gordon-1122 May 2017 This film tells the story of a seven year old girl who is spectacularly gifted at mathematics. She becomes the centre of a custody lawsuit, when her grandmother shows up out of the blue and demands custody from her uncle. "Gifted" is brilliant in so many ways. The story itself is very touching and engaging. Mary is super clever, but she still has a childish side to her. She is very adorable, and I simply wish all the best for her. Her uncle is charming, and does everything he can to take care of Mary. The legal battle with the grandmother is captivating, and it is enhanced by the fact that the two parties are in fact blood relatives with a heartbreaking history. As the heartbreak slowly unfolds, my heart breaks a little more, and I feel closer to the story even more. I really liked "Gifted". I will recommend it to all my friends. 38 out of 55 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 Lovely neil-4769 May 2018 Warning: Spoilers Frank is bringing up his 7-year old niece Mary, following the suicide of her mother, Diane. The trouble is that Diane was a mathematical prodigy, and so is Mary, and Frank is minded to give Mary as normal a childhood as possible. When Frank's and Diane's mother Evelyn turns up, determined to ensure that Mary's full potential will be realised, it is clear that trouble lies ahead. There are some lovely character dynamics here. The relationship between Frank and Mary is at the heart of the story and is beautifully realised. But, cleverly, Evelyn is not entirely the monster she initially appears to be. Though she and Frank are very much at odds, there is still a mother/son relationship at work. And despite Diane's death over 6 years before the film starts, her relationships with her mother and brother are both crucial to the events of the film. Chris Evans is excellent as Frank, in a performance with not a hint of Johnny Storm or Steve Rogers in it. And British veteran Lindsay Duncan, not an actress given to sympathetic portrayals, gives us a beautifully ( and often very funny) Evelyn. Jenny Slate plays Mary's teacher Bonnie, bemused at finding this extraordinary child in her class, and rapidly discovering the consequences of getting far more involved than she had expected to, and Octavia Spencer plays Frank's next door neighbour Roberta. But Mckenna Grace, as Mary, owns this film. Aged 9 at the time of filming, she gives a performance of subtlety, control, emotion and power. She is undoubtedly a 7-year old child, but she is also a genius, and the conflict between the two - and how it factors into all her relationships - is extraordinarily well-handled by this self- assured child.. The script is very good. It isn't full of dazzling wordplay, but it tells the story deftly and entertainingly. I loved this film, and it moved me frequently. 0 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 A great family film, and a cut above what I've seen so far this year AlsExGal12 September 2017 It's not perfect (it becomes too solemn toward the end, and the ending itself seemed abrupt) , but this crowd pleaser pleased me. Chris Evans, out of superhero armor for once, was quite good as a man raising his young prodigy of a niece, Mary, alone following his sister's suicide. The niece, although tough at first, grew on me a lot, Octavia Spenser and Jenny Slate were charming in smaller roles, and Lindsay Duncan was magnificent as the film's villainess so to speak, and Mary's grandmother, imbuing her possibly one-note character with a nuanced, three-dimensional performance so that you couldn't help but understand her from time to time. The script was funny, tender, and moving. It all boils down to a custody fight in which the argument is what is better for Mary: to have every possible option available to her as she will with the grandmother and her money and stress on advanced education, or to be with the uncle in the belief that grandma's opportunities will simply suppress her life. Things are presented so that there really are two valid sides. While I sided with Evan, because the audience is largely following his story, I think there is some evidence to believe that the grandmother is offering a better future for the child, from a judge's perspective at least. How does this all work out? Watch and find out. I'd give it a solid recommendation. 8 out of 10 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 how do we choose who chooses? ferguson-66 April 2017 Greetings again from the darkness. The "right" choice isn't always obvious. Things get more complicated when even the "best" choice isn't clear. Place a young child at the heart of that decision tree, and the result may yield emotional turmoil and an abundance of moral high ground and judgment. Such best intentions are at the core of this latest from director Marc Webb (his first feature since 500 Days of Summer) and writer Tom Flynn. Frank (Chris Evans) is raising his 10 year old child prodigy niece Mary (Mckenna Grace) in low-key small town Florida. The circumstances that brought the two of them together aren't initially known, but are explained in a poignant moment later in the film. Frank has been home-schooling Mary and now believes it's time she transitions to public school for the socialization aspect  "try being a kid for once" he urges. Of course, Mary's teacher Bonnie (Jenny Slate, Obvious Child) immediately realizes Mary is special, and just like that, the wheels of the educational system are in motion to explain to Frank why they know what's best for Mary  a high-fallutin private school where she can be all she can be. There is a really nice and enjoyable story here of Uncle Frank dedicated to doing what he thinks is best for bright and charming and spirited young Mary, but it all comes crashing down when the bureaucrats, and ultimately Frank's mother (Lindsay Duncan), get involved. When the adults can't agree on the best route for Mary, a courtroom battle ensues. Ms. Duncan gets a witness scene reminiscent of Jack Nicholson in A Few Good Men, and her overall performance stands in effective stark contrast to the warm fuzzies of Mr. Evans. The supporting cast contributes nicely, though Octavia Spencer's role as kindly neighbor Roberta is more limited than it should be, and the love connection between Evans and Ms. Slate could have easily been omitted - but she is so pleasant on screen, that we don't mind at all. Glenn Plummer and John Finn are the attorneys who go to war, and Fred the one-eyed cat also gets plenty of screen time. But there is little doubt that the movie really belongs to the effervescent Miss Grace. She nails the back and forth between kid and genius, and we never doubt her sincerity. Child prodigies have been explored through other fine movies such as Little Man Tate, Searching for Bobby Fisher, and Shine, and while this one may run a bit heavier on melodrama, but it's worthy of that group. The best discussions after this movie would revolve around what's best for the child. Should she be deprived of "higher" education in order to live within a more "normal" social environment? Are any of the adults more interested in their own ego than in what's in the child's best interest? Home school vs public school vs private school is always good for some fireworks, and everyone has their own thoughts. So how do we decide who gets to decide? Does a parent get the final say on their child – even if their motivations may be in doubt? Should every kid be pushed to their academic – or artistic – or athletic – limits? The questions are many and the answers are complicated. There is a great line in the film that itself is worthy of conversation: "You got on the bad side of a small-minded person with authority". Yikes. Even Cat Stevens' great song "The Wind" can't soften that. 66 out of 99 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Cute story and remarkable performance by the young actress phd_travel27 June 2017 Warning: Spoilers There have been other genius kids movies before but this one is more watchable. Mckenna Grace the young actress playing the mathematics e=whiz kid is quite adorable and a very good actress - she looks like a young Kiernan Shipka. Chris Evans acts pretty well as her uncle who wants a normal life for her - don't think of him as an action hero at all here. Lindsay Duncan plays her proper British grandmother who want special things for her grandchild. All the cast are quite suited. The story is well written with some genuine laughs. The comic tone is good. The only part that seems a bit contrived and implausible is the part where the court would take her away and put her with a foster family rather than with either the uncle or grandmother. In the end she did need a special school anyway so he was a little wrong. Worth a watch. 1 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 'He's a good person. He wanted me before I was smart.' gradyharp30 July 2017 Screenwriter Tom Flynn offers a well-considered and genuinely moving story about how we deal with gifted children – and adults. GIFTED is also about family connections and the impact on children whose parents are lost to them by separation whether in death by natural causes, by suicide, or by desertion. Marc Webb who has gathered an impeccable cast to enact this touching drama directs his sensitive story with aplomb. Frank Adler (Chris Evans) is a single man raising a child prodigy - his spirited young niece Mary (Mckenna Grace) in a coastal town in Florida. Frank's plans for a normal school life for Mary are foiled when the seven-year-old's mathematical abilities come to the attention of Frank's formidable mother Evelyn (Lindsay Duncan) whose plans for her granddaughter threaten to separate Frank and Mary. Octavia Spencer plays Roberta, Frank and Mary's landlady and best friend. Jenny Slate is Mary's teacher, Bonnie, a young woman whose concern for her student develops into a connection with her uncle as well. The story explores the relationship between a caring uncle who salvaged his niece when the mother of the girl (a brilliant mathematician) commits suicide – yearning to offer the brilliant gifted niece a 'normal life' despite custody battles and grandmother opinions. Chris Evans continues to prove that he is one of our more important serious actors of the day and eleven year old Mckenna Grace demonstrates why she is on of the most frequently seen young actresses in the young role parts. Octavia Spencer and Lindsay Duncan offer definitive performances in tough roles. This is a film with many levels of message and one that should be seen by a very wide audience. 131 out of 139 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Muche better than I expected deloudelouvain12 April 2018 Drama's are not really my thing, but every now and then I like one. Kids, I don't have any and there's a reason why, I just don't really like them. So when I saw what the movie was about I had real doubts that I would like this movie. It won't change my opinion about kids but I have to admit I did enjoy this movie. A movie about a genious prodigy, with a mind and will of her own. Mckenna Grace did a great job with her character. It's almost impossible not to like her. The story itself is a rollercoaster of emotions. Most of the time a feel good movie, but it also has its sad moments, and that's what makes this movie special. You can't help it to hate the grandmother, but I guess that was also good acting of her. Like the rest of the cast, there isn't anything bad to say about their acting. A good story, easy to watch, with a good cast. Certainly worth a watch. 0 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink Overly Sentimental Math Prodigy Yarn lavatch4 August 2017 Warning: Spoilers In the bonus track of the DVD of "Gifted," one of the film's producers indicated that the goal of the film was "honesty and reality" in the story of child math genius. While the intentions of the filmmakers were sincere, the results were uneven because the film was laden with sentimentality and melodrama. Take for instance the scene when the child prodigy Mary is interviewed by the court-appointed psychologist during the custody battle. At one point, the psychologist asks the child about her feelings towards her deceased mother who committed suicide: "Do you blame yourself for what happened to your mother?" Thankfully, this line, which appears in one of the deleted scenes from the DVD, was cut from the final theatrical release. Still, the role of the psychologist and indeed the entire custody sequence was bogged down in predictable and excessively emotional undercurrents. A film often succeeds or fails on the basis of the screenplay. While Tom Flynn, primarily a comic writer, crafted some effective character portraits (especially the formidable grandmother played by Lindsay Duncan), the dialogue often reverted to his default button of comedy. As Frank Adler, the uncle of little Mary whom he has adopted after his sister's tragic death, tells the school principal, "If we separate leaders from people like you and me, we get Congressmen." That is a funny line. But does it really coalesce with the serious situation of the education of the young genius? Throughout the film, there was a careful avoidance of the gritty realities of an ugly child custody battle and the horrors of separation once the child was taken away from Frank and placed with foster parents. The film even ensures that neither party in the court battle was too deeply wounded. But when the adversaries reached their far-fetched out-of-court settlement, credibility was stretched beyond the pale in placing little Mary in a new home with complete strangers, who subsequently banish the child's beloved cat to the animal shelter! In the bonus segment, actor Chris Evans, who turned in a sensitive performance of Frank Adler, indicated that the film was "a beautiful, heartfelt story." That appraisal is closer to the truth about a film project that was clearly intended as schlock. The ultimate impact of "Gifted" offers viewers an uplifting feeling that is probably not very close to the realities of a gifted child drawn into a personal and legal tug-of-war between her adult caretakers. 5 out of 11 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink Gifted is a gift at this movie-dull time of year. jdesando11 April 2017 Warning: Spoilers Seven-year-old Mary Adler (Mckenna Grace) is a math genius in director Marc Webb's semi-realistic, emotion-grabbing drama, Gifted. It feels authentic because the disposition of the orphaned Mary, after her mother's suicide, is still problematic after half-dozen years. Mary's uncle, Frank Adler (Chris Evans), has taken care of her, and by his own admission has done well enough because this bright young girl is happy and healthily skeptical of idiots. However, her Uncle is a boat mechanic with no prospects. At least not by the standards of aristocratic grandmother, Evelyn (Lindsay Duncan). So goes the battle about what's better for the little gifted one, an ordinary school or one for special kids. It all feels so real to me because there are arguments on both sides—even as charming as Evans makes Frank—and grandma has some points about the proper nurturing of a genius. Two of the plot manipulations are Frank turns out to be an ex-Boston U philosophy professor and a valuable math paper suddenly turns up to change the game. Whatever, because the game is who gets to direct Mary's life, and Frank wins affectively while grandma wins empirically. Throughout, Evans plays Frank as low-key, hardly a Captain America as in his famous pop-cult role but really a good guy with soul. It's effective to let Mary take center stage while Evans carries the heavy adult path. Although Mary is a prodigy, she is never a problem. Her disappointment when her uncle caves to the demands of the court is a realistic touch that does not curry favor with the Mary-sympathetic audience. While some may complain the ending is too pat or cute, the larger point is that there can be a resolution where both parties win. But it all is emotionally draining with an element of doubt more a condition of human nature than a court of law. Gifted is a gift at this dull movie time of the year: imperfect, not always feel good, the best we can do with the calamitous contest between well-meaning combatants for the life of a gifted child. 15 out of 27 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 A good movie for a certain type of audience. Hellmant19 April 2017 'GIFTED': Four Stars (Out of Five) The new family drama from director Marc Webb; who also helmed 2009's '500 DAYS OF SUMMER', 2012's 'THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN' and 2014's 'THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2' (all great films in my opinion). It was scripted by Tom Flynn and it stars Chris Evans, Mckenna Grace, Lindsay Duncan, Jenny Slate and Octavia Spencer. The story deals with an aggressive custody battle between the uncle and grandmother of a very gifted 7-year-old girl (who's especially talented with Math skills). It's gotten mostly positive reviews from critics, but it's also slightly underperformed at the Box Office so far. I enjoyed it. Mary Adler (Grace) lives with her Uncle Frank (Evans), in a small Florida town. On her first day of school she impresses her teacher, Bonnie Stevenson (Slate), with her amazing math skills. The school wants to give Mary a scholarship, to a special private school for gifted children like her, as a result of this. Frank thinks it's a bad idea though. Mary's mother, Frank's sister, was also very skilled in math, and she committed suicide (when Mary was a baby) because of the pressures of her unique isolated social life. She told Frank that she just wanted Mary to have a normal childhood, before she passed, and Frank wants to honor his sister's wishes. Frank's mother, Evelyn (Duncan), believes Mary's gifts will be wasted in a normal school though, and she seeks custody of Mary, in the Florida courts, as a result of her stubborn thinking. It's later learned that she also obsessively pressured Mary's mother to pursue her gifts. The film is definitely a little clichéd, and overly sentimental, but I still really enjoy movies like this anyway. The film is definitely not Oscar material, nor is it as impressive as Webb's other films, but it's still really moving and sometimes involving. The actors are all likable in it, and the characters are also quite lovable (most of them). It's arguably emotionally manipulative, and somewhat forced at times, but it still works regardless. It's good to see Evans starring in more quality films too (besides just Marvel flicks), Slate is always good as well, and the young girl is obviously very talented in it too. It's a good movie for a certain type of audience, others definitely won't be too impressed by it though. Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: https://youtu.be/K3Maw4akm_o 4 out of 13 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Largely predictable and stereotypical, but made with clear passion and technical skill. Pjtaylor-96-1380441 March 2018 There's not much to say about this inoffensive yet largely pedestrian family drama, aside from perhaps that it is made with a clear passion and technical skill most evident in the realistic screenplay and the nuanced performances. While I have no major complaints about 'Gifted (2017)', other than the fact that it is incredibly predictable and doesn't really stray from the safety of previously established stereotypes, I can't really say that it gripped me in any meaningful way. It's really the lack of emotional investment that stopped me from liking this any more than I did. It isn't bad by any stretch of the imagination and kept me entertained, but these movies live and die by the connection we have with the characters and, for me, there just wasn't much there. 6/10 1 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Funny & Touching, Even if it's Sometimes Melodramatic ThomasDrufke18 April 2017 Marc Webb is developing a nice little career for himself. Gifted has a keen sense of emotional weight, even if it's ultimately a tad melodramatic with some clunky dialogue. By far the best thing about 'Gifted' are the performances. Amidst the soap opera-ish story are the touching performances from Chris Evans and Mckenna Grace. This story only works if these two have great chemistry and you believe in their relationship. Both of them clearly had a blast filming with each other and developed a sweet back and forth. The one detractor being that the dialogue they are given isn't all that effective. Tom Flynn doesn't have a ton of experience working on feature films, and it shows here. As I understand, the screenplay was on one of the Hollywood blacklists, so perhaps he wasn't there on set to tinker with the dialogue as the film was shot. Still, someone switching around some lines every now and then would have been nice. The film always has good intentions, as do all of the characters, and in that way it feels safe. It's a predictable story with enough likable qualities to get by, but it could have probably taken a few more chances here and there. Funny enough, the film is about a young child who's smarter than she should be at 8-years old, and that's kind of similar to the film overall. It's an innocent film that tries to be smarter and more thought provoking than it really has a right to be. However, as I stated before, the film's heart lies with Evans and Grace. Their comradery is undeniable and thus there are quite a few powerful scenes. With all of his outings as Captain America, you don't get to see this side of Chris Evans, so I'm grateful this film gave us that. Webb does a nice job of getting an uncharacteristically emotional turn from Evans, and a funny, touching, and surprising turn from the young Grace. Overall, it's not going to knock anyone's socks off, but it definitely puts a smile on your face and maybe even gets a few tears out of you. +Evans & Grace chemistry +Webb has another hit +Funny & heartwarming -Clunky dialogue & character decisions 7.4/10 2 out of 10 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 3/10 More a Formulaic Than Differential Equation Cineanalyst11 August 2021 I'd like to see a movie that used mathematics to reflexively prove how formulaic is the movie itself. After all, Western notions of both studies date back to Ancient Greece and sometimes from the same polymaths: the dramatic structure of Aristotelian Poetics, the immortalized theorem surviving from the discipline of Pythagorean mathematics, the Elements of Euclidean geometry. Problem is, pictures such as "Gifted" are more along the lines of the 1+1 elementary arithmetic taught in the movie as opposed to its undergraduate level and beyond differential equations that go generally unexplained with, I suppose, the expectation that the not-so-gifted of movie-goers, myself included, will marvel slack-jawed over their incomprehensibility. At least, the math is correct, or so I'm told. My mathematics education topped out around differential equations, and little Mary Sue chalking up multiple blackboards to solve an equation looks like E = MC Hammer to me. Indeed, a one-time real-life child prodigy advised "Gifted" on them, but it doesn't much matter; it may as well be gibberish for as inconsequential as it is. Despite what the Matt Damon school of screenwriting may've mislead many to believe, simply writing that a character is smart doesn't make the movie likewise. So, the formulation is a "Good Will Hunting" (1997) type genius, but a child, plus a "Kramer vs. Kramer" courtroom, but cool uncle and very British grandma, with the most important underlying addend methinks being what Charlie Chaplin discovered way back in 1921 with "The Kid." Tear a child from the arms of a loving guardian (a male one, in that case, this one, "Kramer vs. Kramer" and others), to pull the tears from the audience. Arguably, I'm too jaded from a lifetime of movie-watching compulsion, but I don't get how people keep falling for such transparent and by-the-book, or by the three-act structure, manipulation. If an Adam Sandler vehicle such as "Big Daddy" (1999) can do it, it's not sophisticated, and I don't respect it. Per usual, the musical scoring is especially egregious--and one song in particular, lyrics an' all, goes on far too long, as do several shots and that bad ADR. In one shot, uncle Chris Evans and schoolteacher Jenny Slate just sit on a boat talking, but their conversation is inaudible, and the shot just lingers there for a beat or two... what is that. One may at least overlook the trope of a kid knowing more than an adult--that she sees the mistake in her uncle and grandmother's proofs for her before they do--as, after all, this one is a genius. And, although for much of the picture it seems as though it will be, this ultimately avoids being entirely a celebration of mediocrity or normality on the level of wicked-smart Captain America going from Boston College philosophy professor to Floridian boat repair man. (I wonder if he ever met Prof. Marky Mark, of "The Gambler" (2014) and with presumably a PhD in mutilating Dostoevsky--it would explain his career change.) No, the most calculations required here are studio producing and financing, so pick a black-list script, hire an artistically-bankrupt but fiscally-profitable director, cast a star smile, find a cute kid who can act, release in the spring, and add some product placement (Google searches, special (K) breakfasts, etc.) to protect that bottom line. The only variable of interest I see here is Octavia Spencer. Plot-wise, her character adds next to nothing, and it's awfully close to the mammy stereotype her career seems to have largely fallen into despite some success at the Oscars--the Academy loves that sort of thing, I guess. Why is she here, then? My deduction is it's because of "Hidden Figures" (2016). Interesting how actors gets cast sometimes that way--just to allude to a better movie and hope some of the prestige of it rubs off. "Hidden Figures," too, was incredibly formulaic--I mean, Kevin Costner ended racism by taking a crowbar to a bathroom sign--but there were some elegant compositions there. Its title is a math and history pun, for crying out loud. "Gifted," though? It doesn't add up. 2 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 The Vidiot Reviews... capone66616 July 2017 Gifted The key to raising a gifted child is selling them to science before you get too attached. Unfortunately, the mother in this dramedy died before getting her payday. Frank (Chris Evans) gallantly accepts guardianship of his niece Mary (Mckenna Grace) after her mother's death. Like her mathematician mother, Mary has no trouble solving her first grade teacher's (Jenny Slate) rudimentary math problems – and she let's her know it. Mary's air of superiority soon lands her into trouble. Luckily her talent with formulas finds her grandmother (Lindsay Duncan) taking an invested interest in her. So much so, she sues Frank for custody. A paints-by-numbers prodigy anecdote that strokes its brush well within the lines, this charming but predictable squabble only succeeds thanks to its leads who bring humanity to this glorified custody battle. Incidentally, the best way to knock a know-it-all math genius down a few pegs is with gym. Yellow Light vidiotreviews.blogspot.ca 3 out of 12 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Great movie 85122210 August 2017 Greetings from Lithuania. So after seeing high score at IMDb for "Gifted" (2017) and some of my favorite critics gave it a maximum score, i was kinda dying to see it for my self. After seeing it i can only say - "Gifted" is an amazingly involving and great movie. Story here is not a very original but its great. Script was superb - it is moving, involving, funny, realistic and hopeful story. Acting was superb by all involved and reminded me that Chris Evans is a very compelling actor - actually this was his best performance since "Puncture" back in 2011 (because i don't think that working in Marvel movies requires real acting, no offence). Directing by Marc Webb was superb - no dragging moment for entire 1 h 41 min - this is hands down his best movie since his the amazing "500 Days of Summer". All in all, i can't recommend "Gifted" any higher. It will make you smile, sad and hopeful. Great movie. 39 out of 43 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 3/10 No Genius westsideschl4 August 2017 1. Don't call a seven year old a genius as done throughout this movie. Especially since it's initially based on arithmetic tricks. Movie failed to explore her development and talents - what a wasted opportunity. 2. Similarly, "Autistic savants" often show above the norm skills in some area, but that is not genius. 3. A put-down on special schools for gifted as being an abnormal environment or an environment for "not normal" kids shows a lack of knowledge on the subject by the writers, etc. The majority of students, more so than in regular schools, are highly involved in extracurricular activities such as sports, music, 2/3-D arts. Even the other end of the special schools with ADHD, learning, behavioral issues are often quite intelligent and they are no less normal. 4. Teachers, again usually shown in movies, do not reflect how most teaching is done (calling on ss to answer 1+1? Please!). Classroom behavior by teachers and students reflect selling an image to the public. 5. Teacher - father hook-up/interaction was stupid, misdirecting, and again more selling a movie to the public. Detracted from the real story. 6. The trial was a farce made to create a dramatic conflict tug-of-war of wealth against poor to, again, sell. 7. Daughter goes with lower/middle income pseudo-dad in a contrived wealthy vs. working scenario seemed all too superficial and made to sell to an audience with similar demographics. 8. If she had gone to a school with highly educated, motivated instructors & students she might have taken a coding class; developed her own app; been a multimillionaire by age 20; given half of her wealth to the Malala Foundation to educate girls in countries where they don't know if they'll be alive at the end of the school day in part because a desire for education is haram (forbidden). 17 out of 44 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 A Decent Drama of a Gifted Child tabuno11 January 2019 16 April 2017. It's apparently not easy to make a great gifted child prodigy movie, but Gifted seems to have taken a difficult theme and developed a rather sensitive, believable storyline that offers up a decent drama. Unlike the more stereotypical clash of striking characters as found in Little Man Tate (1991) or the more mainstream comedy format that originated the prodigy child theme just as Bill Mumy came to Lost In Space in Dear Brigette (1965) with Jimmy Stewart, Life strikes a much more authentic presentation of the conflict between gifted children and normal lives. Movies such as Matilda (1997) used a more flights of fancy to cover over the difficult lives of prodigies with comedy entertainment and offer up their dilemma more as a secondary theme to sci fi adventure as A Wrinkle In Time (2003) or family mystery as August Rush (2007). The same paradoxical conflict between the rare gift of intelligence and a normal life also a found in Good Will Hunting (1997) are the issue is focused at the adolescent, young adult coming of age, yet Gifted directly deals a much more common everyday issue of many parents of gifted students. Perhaps, Gifted might best to be contrasted to Jason Robard's portrayal of a more laid back father to a rather unorthodox boy. It is surprisingly Lindsay Duncan's as the grandmother that makes this movie stand out from the rest because of script's much more sensitive and balanced approach to her own professional and parental conflicts than most movies. Of course though Nell (1994) with Jodie Foster's own stand out performance in another commanding outcast character is a great companion piece to Gifted. 0 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink An intelligent look at three pairs of relationships: mother-daughter, mother-son, uncle-niece harry_tk_yung29 July 2017 Warning: Spoilers One way of looking at this movie is its two familiar aspects: (1) mathematical genius ("Good Will Hunting", "A beautiful mind", "Proof", "The man who knew infinity"); (2) custody battle ("Kramer vs Kramer" and many others). My summary line offers an alternative. But first, the plot. The timeline starts with 7-year-old Mary Adler (McKenna Grace) living under the custodianship of Frank (Chris Evans), her uncle. Seven years ago, her mother Diane brought the infant to him before committing suicide. Frank, for reasons that are gradually revealed, left his highly esteemed position of assistant professor in philosophy (logics essentially) in Boston and brought Mary to Florida raising her in a grassroot neighbourhood. Amidst their lively daily bantering, they love each other deeply, as well as the mundane environ, particularly landlady Roberta with a heart as big as all outdoors (Octavia Spencer, perfecting this sort of role). The only other important "person" in Mary's life is Fred, a one-eyed cat she picked up from the gutter, already one-eyed. Revealed in a beautifully relaxing pace, the next big plot element is that the Adler is a family of mathematical genius. Frank is actually the underachiever. Diane, prior to her suicide, was on the verge of a titanic breakthrough in solving a mathematical problem that will render her name immortal in the academic universe. With the local school's discovery of Mary's gift comes a generous scholarship to a prestigious school for the gifted. Both uncle and niece courteously but steadfastly decline. Mary is perfectly happy with her life, despite the bunch of idiots (mathematically reckoning) she has to tolerate daily at school. Frank's reason is that his sisters' the last request is for him to "dumb her (Mary) down to a decent human being". Next comes grandma Evelyn (Lindsay Duncan) materializing right their doorstep. We soon learn that her achievement might have equalled her daughter's, had she not left her homeland and sacrificed her career for Mary's grandfather's hand. She now accuses her son Frank (civilly, and in beautiful Queen's English too) of "negligence on a grand scale". A court battle for custody ensues, conducted very civilly, customary skirmish of the respective counsels notwithstanding. I think I'll stop here, designating the remainder of the plot development spoilers. While I focus on the three relationships cited in my summary line, however, spoilers may be unavoidable. Central to everything will have to be Frank and Mary. While the love cannot be surpassed even by any real father-and-daughter pairing, the bantering aforementioned is fun. When Frank tells Mary that she should know this strange woman materialising at their doorstep, she quips "How would I know? I'm seven!" Upon being enlightened of the situation, Mary exclaims "Holy sh-- ". But there is also depth. At one scene when father and daughter (sorry, I mean uncle and niece) are silhouetted against the serenity of the setting sun, Mary asks the age-old question, "Is there a God?" This leads to Frank's professional discourse of the difference between "knowing" and "faith". What you will find quite surprising is the affection between Evelyn and Frank. Subtly hidden underneath, it surfaces in just one scene, most unexpectedly right after Frank's counsel's success in discrediting Mary's biological father who has hitherto been a zero in her life until now, summoned to Evelyn's aid. Then, outside the courthouse, we see mother and son strolling languidly. Frank asks about his stepfather and Evelyn casually explains that the man, a cowboy at heart, is spending a lot of time at his range. Taken out of the movie, this scene is a perfectly friendly, even affectionate keeping-up chat between mother and son who have not seen each other for quite some time. Finally, depicted only in the dialogue (some in the form of courtroom cross-examination) is the relationship between Evelyn and Diane. Through the peeling-of-onion revelation, it seems that Diana has gradually yielded to her mother's steely determination that her daughter a is genius in the league of Einstein and should not let things like adolescent love come in the way of greatness. The final revelation, which Frank brings to his mother, is stunning. Diane has actually completed the monumental proof and given it to Frank just before she killed herself. The paper is to be published posthumously, she told Frank. "But she has been dead for seven years", exclaims Evelyn. "She does not mean her own death", comes Frank's calm reply. The resulting look of devastation on Lindsay Duncan's face is Oscar-worthy. Evans and 7-year-old Grace are marvellous, carrying the movie with pitch-perfect delivering. Duncan, her own performance praise-worthy, should also be thankful to the movie makers for not stereotyping Evelyn. Spencer, as alluded to, makes solid support. One more to mention is Jenny Slate playing Mary's teacher Bonnie, adding a gentle touch of romance to Frank's life and the audience's pleasure. 3 out of 7 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 One's fighting for the child and the other's for her gift! Reno-Rangan4 December 2017 Films about battle for child custody is a very familiar theme. There are lots of great films you could find. This is just another, but another great among them. There's actually nothing special about it. It's simple and emotional. The characters were slightly different, and agenda for courtroom drama is interesting aspect of the film. A single uncle who is a by-default guardian for his niece since her mother had died. But the seven year old kid is a math prodigy like her mother. He wanted her to live a normal life like everybody else in her age. That's what her mother wanted as well. When her grandmother learns about the gift, is now seeking a court intervene to provide all she needed to nurture her gift, since she's very rich. So the kid caught between adult's fight, how the rest of the narration folds are emotionally told. I'm not a fan of Captain America, because he's not the Captain Earth or Captain my country. Other than that, Chris Evans is not a big marketable star. But this was a pretty cool performance. The kid too was awesome. The last time I saw her was from 'Mr Church'. Well written and directed. Easily one of the best drama films of the year. A good message film as well. Families should watch it. 8/10 1 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink An error has occured. Please try again. Load More See also Awards | FAQ | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews Gifted Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Drama a list of 36 titles created 4 months ago Empathy a list of 36 titles created 09 Mar 2016 Preporuka zauvijek a list of 25 titles created 4 months ago Netflix movies a list of 35 titles created 1 month ago Movie 2017 a list of 24 titles created 28 Jul 2018 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.