Gisaengchung (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6751668/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=5fd418b3-81a8-4931-b4fd-358291cd6bf8&pf_rd_r=YEMZ1AZBWWCSYGFBCT81&pf_rd_s=center-30&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=oscars&ref_=fea_acd_acd_bsa_lk2
Gisaengchung (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Gisaengchung 20192019 RR 2h 12m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 682K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 109 20 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:03 17 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDramaThriller Greed and class discrimination threaten the newly formed symbiotic relationship between the wealthy Park family and the destitute Kim clan.Greed and class discrimination threaten the newly formed symbiotic relationship between the wealthy Park family and the destitute Kim clan.Greed and class discrimination threaten the newly formed symbiotic relationship between the wealthy Park family and the destitute Kim clan. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 682K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 109 20 Director Bong Joon Ho Writers Bong Joon Ho(story by) Jin-won Han(screenplay by) Stars Kang-ho Song Sun-kyun Lee Yeo-jeong Cho Top credits Director Bong Joon Ho Writers Bong Joon Ho(story by) Jin-won Han(screenplay by) Stars Kang-ho Song Sun-kyun Lee Yeo-jeong Cho See production, box office & company info 3.3KUser reviews 596Critic reviews 96Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #30 Won 4 Oscars 306 wins & 271 nominations total Videos17 Trailer 2:03 Trailer 2 Trailer 2:17 Official Trailer Trailer 1:18 Teaser Trailer Trailer 1:03 Parasite Trailer 2:17 Parasite Clip 3:24 Bong Joon Ho Makes Oscars History Clip 0:41 Bong Joon Ho's "Parasite" HBO Series Will Be a 'Six-Hour Film' Clip 2:49 Indie Spirit Stars Suggest Indie Gems You Must Watch Right Now Clip 4:30 What BAFTA, SAG, & DGA Wins Predict for the 2020 Oscars Clip 4:15 Oscars 2020 Snubs, Surprises, & Historic Firsts Clip 1:44 Bong Joon-Ho – Making the Film You Want Clip 5:14 Bong Joon-Ho Reveals Where He Got the Idea for 'Parasite' Photos241 Top cast Edit Kang-ho Song Ki Taekas Ki Taek Sun-kyun Lee Dong Ikas Dong Ik Yeo-jeong Cho Yeon Kyoas Yeon Kyo Woo-sik Choi Ki Wooas Ki Woo So-dam Park Ki Jungas Ki Jung (as Park So Dam) Lee Jeong-eun Moon Gwangas Moon Gwang (as Lee Jung Eun) Jang Hye-jin Chung Sookas Chung Sook (as Chang Hyae Jin) Park Myeong-hoon Geun Seas Geun Se (as Park Myeong Hoon) Ji-so Jung Da Hyeas Da Hye (as Jung Ziso) Hyun-jun Jung Da Songas Da Song (as Jung Hyeon Jun) Keun-rok Park Driver Yoonas Driver Yoon (as Park Keun Rok) Yi-Seo Jung CEO of Pizza Placeas CEO of Pizza Place (as Jeung Esuh) Jae-myeong Jo CEO's Brother of Pizza Placeas CEO's Brother of Pizza Place Ik-han Jung Neighboras Neighbor (as Jung Ik Han) Kyu-baek Kim Drunk Person 1as Drunk Person 1 Hwang In Kyung Internet Cafe Staffas Internet Cafe Staff Ahn Seong-Bong Street Fighting Person 1as Street Fighting Person 1 (as Ahn Seong Bong) Kim Jin Hyung Street Fighting Person 2as Street Fighting Person 2 Director Bong Joon Ho Writers Bong Joon Ho(story by) (screenplay by) Jin-won Han(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Joker 8.8 Inception 8.6 Interstellar 8.8 Fight Club 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.6 Se7en 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.4 Django Unchained 4.0 Parasite 8.7 The Matrix Storyline Edit The Kims - mother and father Chung-sook and Ki-taek, and their young adult offspring, son Ki-woo and daughter Ki-jung - are a poor family living in a shabby and cramped half basement apartment in a busy lower working class commercial district of Seoul. Without even knowing it, they, especially Mr. and Mrs. Kim, literally smell of poverty. Often as a collective, they perpetrate minor scams to get by, and even when they have jobs, they do the minimum work required. Ki-woo is the one who has dreams of getting out of poverty by one day going to university. Despite not having that university education, Ki-woo is chosen by his university student friend Min, who is leaving to go to school, to take over his tutoring job to Park Da-hye, who Min plans to date once he returns to Seoul and she herself is in university. The Parks are a wealthy family who for four years have lived in their modernistic house designed by and the former residence of famed architect Namgoong. While Mr. and Mrs. Park are all about status, Mrs. Park has a flighty, simpleminded mentality and temperament, which Min tells Ki-woo to feel comfortable in lying to her about his education to get the job. In getting the job, Ki-woo further learns that Mrs. Park is looking for an art therapist for the Parks' adolescent son, Da-song, Ki-woo quickly recommending his professional art therapist friend "Jessica", really Ki-jung who he knows can pull off the scam in being the easiest liar of the four Kims. In Ki-woo also falling for Da-hye, he begins to envision himself in that house, and thus the Kims as a collective start a plan for all the Kims, like Ki-jung using assumed names, to replace existing servants in the Parks' employ in orchestrating reasons for them to be fired. The most difficult to get rid of may be Moon-gwang, the Parks' housekeeper who literally came with the house - she Namgoong's housekeeper when he lived there - and thus knows all the little nooks and crannies of it better than the Parks themselves. The question then becomes how far the Kims can take this scam in their quest to become their version of the Parks. —Huggo class differencessocial satirefraudscamhouse297 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Misplaced familyhood (Australia/New Zealand/Singapore) Genres Comedy Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language, some violence and sexual content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The Parks' house, said in the film to be designed by a fictional architect named Namgoong Hyeonja, was a set completely built from scratch. Goofs (at around 1h 30 mins) When the Kims are sneaking out of the house while the Parks are sleeping on the couch, the Kim's are barefoot. When seen running home they somehow now have their shoes. If they had left their shoes at the entrance the Parks would likely have noticed them. It would be more likely they would have left them in the garage. Quotes Ki-taek: [to his son] You know what kind of plan never fails? No plan. No plan at all. You know why? Because life cannot be planned. Look around you. Did you think these people made a plan to sleep in the sports hall with you? But here we are now, sleeping together on the floor. So, there's no need for a plan. You can't go wrong with no plans. We don't need to make a plan for anything. It doesn't matter what will happen next. Even if the country gets destroyed or sold out, nobody cares. Got it? Alternate versions Also available in a black-and-white version. Instead of opting for a simple digital bleaching, Bong Joon Ho worked with a colorist and cinematographer to make sure each scene retained its texture. Connections Featured in Amanda the Jedi Show: 'Faster than your First Time' Reviews (Joker, Jojo Rabbit, Lucy in the Sky and everything else) (2019) Soundtracks Rodelinda: Act 2 - Spietati, io vi giurai Written by George Frideric Handel Universal Music User reviews3.3K Review Top review 9/10 Class struggle. After Karl Marx and Victor Hugo, here is Joon-ho Bong This cinematographic gem has been recently rewarded by the prestigious Palme d'Or at the Cannes Festival. If I have one and only one advice to give you: go savor this fabulous movie with a strict minimum of information! Indeed, this film might schematically be split in two parts, the second one being quite surprising and unpredictable. The script is excellent and the casting is globally sumptuous, especially the gorgeous Yeo-jeong Cho for whom I may confess I have a crush. As a postscript, an anecdote certainly insignificant but literally astonishing when you're French: in the middle of the film, the proletarian family gives itself up to an orgy, the coffee table being covered with manifold dishes including two French cheeses as industrial as cheap: « Le rustique » and « Bresse bleu ». Unbelievable! helpful•209 184 FrenchEddieFelson Jun 9, 2019 FAQ12 Why weren't there any cameras inside Mr. Park's house? Why did the Kim family use English names for themselves when working for the Parks? How is Parasite a comedy? Apart from a couple of lines by the Mrs. Kim, I didn't find anything comedic. Details Edit Release date May 30, 2019 (South Korea) Country of origin South Korea Official sites Curzon Artificial Eye (United Kingdom) Les Bookmakers (France) Languages Korean English Also known as 寄生虫 Filming locations Jahamun-ro, Buam-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Production companies CJ Entertainment Barunson E&A See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $11,400,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $53,369,749 Opening weekend US & Canada $393,216 Oct 13, 2019 Gross worldwide $258,668,626 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 12 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news For ‘Eternals,’ It’s a Box-Office Slide; for Awards Titles Like ‘Belfast,’ It’s a Shrinking Audience Nov 14Indiewire Oscar International Film Race Leans on Cannes, Venice Film Festivals Nov 11Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Gisaengchung (2019) in Australia?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.