Gladiator (2000) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0172495/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_44
Gladiator (2000) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Gladiator 20002000 RR 2h 35m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1.4M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 157 25 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:45 6 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1.4M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 157 25 Director Ridley Scott Writers David Franzoni(story) John Logan(screenplay) William Nicholson(screenplay) Stars Russell Crowe Joaquin Phoenix Connie Nielsen Top credits Director Ridley Scott Writers David Franzoni(story) John Logan(screenplay) William Nicholson(screenplay) Stars Russell Crowe Joaquin Phoenix Connie Nielsen See production, box office & company info 2.8KUser reviews 221Critic reviews 67Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #44 Won 5 Oscars 59 wins & 106 nominations total Videos6 Trailer 2:45 Official Trailer Trailer 1:25 Gladiator Clip 1:40 A Guide to the Films of Ridley Scott Clip 4:38 Streaming Passport: The Roman Empire Video 3:02 What Roles Has Joaquin Phoenix Turned Down? Video 2:26 'Creed II' Cast on Knockout Soundtracks and Inspiring Scenes Photos309 Top cast Edit Russell Crowe Maximusas Maximus Joaquin Phoenix Commodusas Commodus Connie Nielsen Lucillaas Lucilla Oliver Reed Proximoas Proximo Richard Harris Marcus Aureliusas Marcus Aurelius Derek Jacobi Gracchusas Gracchus Djimon Hounsou Jubaas Juba David Schofield Falcoas Falco John Shrapnel Gaiusas Gaius Tomas Arana Quintusas Quintus Ralf Moeller Hagenas Hagen Spencer Treat Clark Luciusas Lucius David Hemmings Cassiusas Cassius Tommy Flanagan Ciceroas Cicero Sven-Ole Thorsen Tigrisas Tigris Omid Djalili Slave Traderas Slave Trader Nicholas McGaughey Praetorian Officeras Praetorian Officer Chris Kell Scribeas Scribe Director Ridley Scott Writers David Franzoni(story) (screenplay) John Logan(screenplay) William Nicholson(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.3 Braveheart 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.6 The Green Mile 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.5 The Departed 8.6 Se7en 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.5 The Prestige 8.8 The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs Storyline Edit Maximus is a powerful Roman general, loved by the people and the aging Emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Before his death, the Emperor chooses Maximus to be his heir over his own son, Commodus, and a power struggle leaves Maximus and his family condemned to death. The powerful general is unable to save his family, and his loss of will allows him to get captured and put into the Gladiator games until he dies. The only desire that fuels him now is the chance to rise to the top so that he will be able to look into the eyes of the man who will feel his revenge. —Chris "Morphy" Terry roman empiregladiatorslaverycombatbattlefield438 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Father of a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife and I shall have my vengeance in this life or the next Genres Action Adventure Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for intense, graphic combat Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Maximus' description of his home--specifically, how the kitchen is arranged and smells in the morning and at night--was ad-libbed. It's a description of Russell Crowe's own home in Australia. Goofs During the Battle of Carthage, Maximus frees a horse from the chariot and rides it. The horse is wearing a saddle, which it wouldn't wear if it was pulling a chariot. Quotes Commodus: Rise. Rise. [Maximus stands up, clenching an arrow head in his right hand] Commodus: Your fame is well deserved, Spaniard. I don't think there's ever been a gladiator to match you. As for this young man, he insists you are Hector reborn. Or was it Hercules? Why doesn't the hero reveal himself and tell us all your real name? You do have a name. Maximus: My name is Gladiator. [turns away from Commodus] Commodus: How dare you show your back to me! Slave, you will remove your helmet and tell me your name. Maximus: [removes helmet and turns around to face Commodus] My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the TRUE emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next. [Commodus trembles in disbelief] Quintus: Arms! [Praetorians point their spears at the gladiators while the Colosseum crowd chants for them to live. Commodus shakes his head and motions the crowd for silence. He then raises his fist and reluctantly gives the thumbs-up signal] Crazy credits Both the Dreamworks & Universal logos are altered to appear gold in color so they match the opening theme of Maximus walking through a wheatfield. Alternate versions The 3 disc Special Edition VCD (Video CD) is edited: Excessive sexual and violent scenes, including profanities are censored. Connections Edited into Yoostar 2: In the Movies (2011) Soundtracks Pavor Written by Walter Maioli and Nathalie Van Ravenstein (as Natalia Van Ravenstein) Performed by Synaulia Courtesy of Amiata Media, S.R.L. User reviews2.8K Review Top review 8/10 As a matter of fact, Maximus, I AM entertained. Gladiator is the best bread and circus. A moving and very entertaining action epic with Russel Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix at the top of their game. I absolutely love Joaquin Phoenix in this movie. He's the kind of villain you love to hate. So pathetic and childish. So ruthless and creepy. Just right amount of cartoonish. I wanted to punch him in the face. It can be corny and it drags a bit during the escape plan part of the plot, but it has enough emotion and brutal violence to keep the audience entertained, and that's what a good gladiator match should be. helpful•54 3 mahmus Oct 11, 2020 FAQ14 Is Joaquin Phoenix's villain character Commodus based on a historical real life person in medieval times? What is Gladiator about? What is Maximus's war ritual, i.e., rubbing his hands with dirt, and why does he use it? Details Edit Release date May 5, 2000 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Malta Morocco Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 角斗士 Filming locations Malta Production companies Dreamworks Pictures Universal Pictures Scott Free Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $103,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $187,705,427 Opening weekend US & Canada $34,819,017 May 7, 2000 Gross worldwide $465,380,802 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 35 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Ridley Scott confirms Gladiator 2 script is finished Nov 16Flickeringmyth Ridley Scott Explains Why His “Superhero” Movies Are Better Than Today’s “Boring” Blockbusters Nov 15Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Gladiator (2000) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.