Gone Girl (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2267998/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_201
Gone Girl (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Gone Girl 20142014 RR 2h 29m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 918K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 182 45 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:00 10 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysteryThriller With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 918K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 182 45 Director David Fincher Writer Gillian Flynn(screenplay) Stars Ben Affleck Rosamund Pike Neil Patrick Harris Top credits Director David Fincher Writer Gillian Flynn(screenplay) Stars Ben Affleck Rosamund Pike Neil Patrick Harris See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 633Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #201 Nominated for 1 Oscar 64 wins & 188 nominations total Videos10 Trailer 1:00 TV Spot Trailer 2:34 Trailer #2 Trailer 1:39 Trailer #1 Trailer 1:40 Trailer #1 Clip 1:59 A Guide to the Films of David Fincher Clip 2:31 Anne Hathaway and Matthew McConaughey Get Steamy in 'Serenity' Clip 1:00 Clip Clip 1:12 Clip Promo 0:48 "Hello, Amy" TV Spot Video 4:10 What Roles Was Ben Affleck Considered For? Photos250 Top cast Edit Ben Affleck Nick Dunneas Nick Dunne Rosamund Pike Amy Dunneas Amy Dunne Neil Patrick Harris Desi Collingsas Desi Collings Tyler Perry Tanner Boltas Tanner Bolt Carrie Coon Margo Dunneas Margo Dunne Kim Dickens Detective Rhonda Boneyas Detective Rhonda Boney Patrick Fugit Officer James Gilpinas Officer James Gilpin David Clennon Rand Elliottas Rand Elliott Lisa Banes Marybeth Elliottas Marybeth Elliott Missi Pyle Ellen Abbottas Ellen Abbott Emily Ratajkowski Andie Fitzgeraldas Andie Fitzgerald Casey Wilson Noelle Hawthorneas Noelle Hawthorne Lola Kirke Gretaas Greta Boyd Holbrook Jeffas Jeff Sela Ward Sharon Schieberas Sharon Schieber Lee Norris Officeras Officer Jamie McShane Donnellyas Donnelly Leonard Kelly-Young Bill Dunneas Bill Dunne Director David Fincher Writer Gillian Flynn(screenplay) (novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Shutter Island 8.1 Prisoners 8.6 Se7en 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.1 Mad Max: Fury Road 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.5 Whiplash 8.5 The Prestige 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.8 Fight Club 8.4 Memento Storyline Edit On the occasion of his fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne reports that his wife, Amy, has gone missing. Under pressure from the police and a growing media frenzy, Nick's portrait of a blissful union begins to crumble. Soon his lies, deceits and strange behavior have everyone asking the same dark question: Did Nick Dunne kill his wife? —Twentieth Century Fox disappearancemissing personmurder suspectbased on novelhusband wife relationship401 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You don't know what you've got 'til it's... Genres Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for a scene of bloody violence, some strong sexual content/nudity, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Ben Affleck postponed directing Live by Night (2016) in order to work on this film with David Fincher, even stating, "He's the only director I've met who can do everybody else's job better than they could." On-set one day, Affleck changed the lens setting on a camera an almost indiscernible amount, betting a crew member that Fincher wouldn't notice. Affleck lost the bet as Fincher brought up, "Why does the camera look a little dim?" Goofs Nick pulls some Dreyer's ice cream out of the freezer. Dreyer's is not sold under that name in Missouri where the movie is based. In Missouri, it is marketed as Edy's ice cream. Quotes [last lines] Nick Dunne: What are you thinking? How are you feeling? What have we done to each other? What will we do? Crazy credits Instead of the traditional 20th Century Fox music that accompanies the logo in the beginning usually, a track from the soundtrack, "What Have We Done to Each Other?" (the first track) plays while the logo is shown, and continues to the Regency logo and the movie's opening credits. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Chris Pratt/Rosamund Pike/John Mellencamp (2014) Soundtracks Saved by Zero Written by Adam Woods, Alfred Agius, Cy Curnin (as Cyril Curnin), James West-Oram & Peter Greenall Performed by The Fixx Courtesy of Geffen Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews1.6K Review Top review 8/10 Unique and darkly funny Two movies for the price of one. That's a fairly glib start to a review of a movie that I really liked, but it is true. The first half of Gone Girl is a fairly standard "did he or didn't he" mystery thriller. Then, about an hour in, the perspective shifts entirely and suddenly you realise that you're watching – perhaps – the most pitch-black comedy that you've ever seen. Despite the abrupt shift, I still think that Gone Girl holds together extremely well as one whole movie. Ben Affleck's Nick manages to inspire sympathy without ever being truly likable while Rosamund Pike's Amy (the star of the show in my opinion) is brilliant, terrifying, hilarious and despicable in various combinations and occasionally all at the same time. David Fincher's direction is both classy and clever (as usual) and several scenes are particularly outstanding due at least as much to his brilliance as that of the actors involved in them. My one complaint would be over the length – it really didn't need to be two and a quarter hours long. There were certainly a few moments, particularly in the first half, when I wished that the movie would hurry up and get to the point just a little more quickly. Gone Girl is a movie unlike any that I've ever seen before and as such largely defies further description. I would recommend this movie to all (with a warning that the adult rating is well earned) but especially those with a dark sense of humour. The darker the better. helpful•253 186 toppin Oct 4, 2014 Details Edit Release date October 3, 2014 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Site Language English Also known as 消失的爱人 Filming locations Cape Girardeau, Missouri, USA Production companies Twentieth Century Fox New Regency Productions TSG Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $61,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $167,767,189 Opening weekend US & Canada $37,513,109 Oct 5, 2014 Gross worldwide $369,330,363 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 29 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Datasat Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news How Amazon’s The Wheel of Time Embraces Female-Focused Fantasy Nov 17Den of Geek Rosamund Pike Feels 'Partly To Blame' For The Failure Of The Doom Film Nov 17Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.