Gone with the Wind (1939) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0031381/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_180
Gone with the Wind (1939) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Gone with the Wind 19391939 PassedPassed 3h 58m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 303K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,375 272 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:56 6 Videos 99+ Photos DramaHistoryRomance The manipulative daughter of a Georgia plantation owner conducts a turbulent romance with a roguish profiteer during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods.The manipulative daughter of a Georgia plantation owner conducts a turbulent romance with a roguish profiteer during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods.The manipulative daughter of a Georgia plantation owner conducts a turbulent romance with a roguish profiteer during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 303K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,375 272 Directors Victor Fleming George Cukor(uncredited) Sam Wood(uncredited) Writers Margaret Mitchell(story of the Old South "Gone with the Wind") Sidney Howard(screen play by) Oliver H.P. Garrett(contributing writer) Stars Clark Gable Vivien Leigh Thomas Mitchell Top credits Directors Victor Fleming George Cukor(uncredited) Sam Wood(uncredited) Writers Margaret Mitchell(story of the Old South "Gone with the Wind") Sidney Howard(screen play by) Oliver H.P. Garrett(contributing writer) Stars Clark Gable Vivien Leigh Thomas Mitchell See production, box office & company info 931User reviews 203Critic reviews 97Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #180 Won 10 Oscars 21 wins & 12 nominations total Videos6 Trailer 1:56 Gone with the Wind: 75th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition Clip 4:30 Unsung Black Heroes of Film History Clip 4:24 Ryan Murphy's "Hollywood" Re-Envisions Cinematic History Clip 1:37 'Gone with the Wind' | Anniversary Mashup Interview 3:49 How 'Antebellum' Began as a Timely Nightmare of the Present Day Full Episode 3:44 'Cats' Star Francesca Hayward Wants to Make This Classic Movie Into a Musical Photos425 Top cast Edit Clark Gable Rhett Butler - Visitor from Charlestonas Rhett Butler - Visitor from Charleston Vivien Leigh Scarlett - Their Daughteras Scarlett - Their Daughter Thomas Mitchell Gerald O'Haraas Gerald O'Hara Barbara O'Neil Ellen - His Wifeas Ellen - His Wife Evelyn Keyes Suellen - Their Daughteras Suellen - Their Daughter Ann Rutherford Carreen - Their Daughteras Carreen - Their Daughter George Reeves Stuart Tarleton - Scarlett's Beauas Stuart Tarleton - Scarlett's Beau Fred Crane Brent Tarleton - Scarlett's Beauas Brent Tarleton - Scarlett's Beau Hattie McDaniel Mammy - House Servantas Mammy - House Servant Oscar Polk Pork - House Servantas Pork - House Servant Butterfly McQueen Prissy - House Servantas Prissy - House Servant Victor Jory Jonas Wilkerson - Field Overseeras Jonas Wilkerson - Field Overseer Everett Brown Big Sam - Field Foremanas Big Sam - Field Foreman Howard Hickman John Wilkesas John Wilkes Alicia Rhett India - His Daughteras India - His Daughter Leslie Howard Ashley - His Sonas Ashley - His Son Olivia de Havilland Melanie Hamilton - Their Cousinas Melanie Hamilton - Their Cousin Rand Brooks Charles Hamilton - Her Brotheras Charles Hamilton - Her Brother Directors Victor Fleming George Cukor(uncredited) Sam Wood(uncredited) Writers Margaret Mitchell(story of the Old South "Gone with the Wind") Sidney Howard(screen play by) Oliver H.P. Garrett(contributing writer) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Ben-Hur 8.5 Casablanca 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai 8.3 Lawrence of Arabia 8.3 Singin' in the Rain 8.1 It Happened One Night 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.3 To Kill a Mockingbird 8.2 Some Like It Hot 6.5 Scarlett 8.1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington 8.3 The Sting Storyline Edit Scarlett is a woman who can deal with a nation at war, Atlanta burning, the Union Army carrying off everything from her beloved Tara, the carpetbaggers who arrive after the war. Scarlett is beautiful. She has vitality. But Ashley, the man she has wanted for so long, is going to marry his placid cousin, Melanie. Mammy warns Scarlett to behave herself at the party at Twelve Oaks. There is a new man there that day, the day the Civil War begins. Rhett Butler. Scarlett does not know he is in the room when she pleads with Ashley to choose her instead of Melanie. —Dale O'Connor <daleoc@interaccess.com> strong female characternarcissismbased on novelamerican civil warnarcissistic personality disorder484 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines For the thousands who remember its unparalleled drama, action and romance! For the new thousands to whom the wonders will be revealed for the first time! Breathtaking spectacle, inspired acting by the greatest cast ever assembled! The screen's most exciting love story! The most-talked about picture ever made! [reissue] Genres Drama History Romance War Certificate Passed Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The fact that Hattie McDaniel would be unable to attend the premiere in racially segregated Atlanta outraged Clark Gable so much that he threatened to boycott the premiere unless she could attend. He later relented when she convinced him to go. Goofs At the beginning of the film, there is a massive oak tree outside Tara's front door. After the rampaging yankees have devastated the plantation and burned everything in their path, the tree is gone. At the conclusion of the war, the tree has miraculously returned to its former splendor. Quotes Scarlett: Rhett, Rhett... Rhett, if you go, where shall I go? What shall I do? Rhett Butler: Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. Crazy credits George Reeves is credited as playing the part of Brent Tarleton, and Fred Crane is billed as Stuart Tarleton. This is incorrect: Crane played Brent, and Reeves played Stuart. Alternate versions When originally released theatrically in the UK in 1940, the BBFC made cuts to secure a 'A' rating. Connections Edited into Raintree County (1957) Soundtracks Selznick International Theme (1937) (uncredited) Written by Alfred Newman Played for the Selznick International Logo User reviews931 Review Top review 10/10 Miracle in Film Making - Can't believe they did it in 1939! This movie was on my watch list since 1996 or 1997 when I read its review in a local newspaper. I though it must be a dull movie as it is very old and procrastinated to watch until Dec 2019. And friends, I can't tell you how much I am impressed with this movie - wonderful story, superb acting, mesmerizing cinematography and direction. And they did it in 1939 - which is really hard to digest. I am stupid enough to miss this glory for so many years. helpful•102 12 IshtiaqAhmed Dec 15, 2019 FAQ23 A Note Regarding Spoilers How much sex, violence, and profanity are in this movie? What is 'Gone with the Wind' about? Details Edit Release date January 17, 1940 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Warner Bros. (United States) Language English Also known as 乱世佳人 Filming locations North Little Rock, Arkansas, USA Production companies Selznick International Pictures Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,977,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $200,852,579 Opening weekend US & Canada $1,192,593 Jun 28, 1998 Gross worldwide $402,352,579 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 58 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.77 : 1(original ratio, IMAX) 1.37 : 1 Related news James Corden And Daniel Craig Recreate 24 Cinematic Blockbusters In 10 Minutes – Video Oct 9Deadline Film + TV Doc Corner: 'Civil War' Sep 23FilmExperience Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Gone with the Wind (1939)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.