Goodfellas (1990) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099685/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_17
Goodfellas (1990) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Goodfellas 19901990 RR 2h 26m IMDb RATING 8.7/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 194 15 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:31 7 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyCrimeDrama The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate... Read allThe story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate.The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate. IMDb RATING 8.7/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 194 15 Director Martin Scorsese Writers Nicholas Pileggi(book "Wiseguy") Martin Scorsese(screenplay) Stars Robert De Niro Ray Liotta Joe Pesci Top credits Director Martin Scorsese Writers Nicholas Pileggi(book "Wiseguy") Martin Scorsese(screenplay) Stars Robert De Niro Ray Liotta Joe Pesci See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 154Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #17 Won 1 Oscar 44 wins & 38 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 1:31 Official Trailer Trailer 0:31 Goodfellas Clip 1:39 'Goodfellas' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 2:06 A Guide to the Films of Martin Scorsese Clip 5:31 'Glass' Cast Connections: Finding a Lost Thread of 'Split' in 'Unbreakable' Video 3:08 25 Movies That Almost Starred Robert De Niro Video 2:41 Dates in Movie & TV History: Jan. 14, 1979 - Tommy Gets Whacked Photos385 Top cast Edit Robert De Niro James Conwayas James Conway Ray Liotta Henry Hillas Henry Hill Joe Pesci Tommy DeVitoas Tommy DeVito Lorraine Bracco Karen Hillas Karen Hill Paul Sorvino Paul Ciceroas Paul Cicero Frank Sivero Frankie Carboneas Frankie Carbone Tony Darrow Sonny Bunzas Sonny Bunz Mike Starr Frenchyas Frenchy Frank Vincent Billy Battsas Billy Batts Chuck Low Morris Kessleras Morris Kessler Frank DiLeo Tuddy Ciceroas Tuddy Cicero Henny Youngman Henny Youngmanas Henny Youngman Gina Mastrogiacomo Janice Rossias Janice Rossi Catherine Scorsese Tommy's Motheras Tommy's Mother Charles Scorsese Vinnieas Vinnie Suzanne Shepherd Karen's Motheras Karen's Mother Debi Mazar Sandyas Sandy Margo Winkler Belle Kessleras Belle Kessler Director Martin Scorsese Writers Nicholas Pileggi(book "Wiseguy") (screenplay) Martin Scorsese(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 8.9 Pulp Fiction 9.2 The Godfather 8.6 Se7en 8.5 The Departed 8.8 Fight Club 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.2 Casino 8.3 Scarface 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.2 Taxi Driver Storyline Edit Henry Hill might be a small time gangster, who may have taken part in a robbery with Jimmy Conway and Tommy De Vito, two other gangsters who might have set their sights a bit higher. His two partners could kill off everyone else involved in the robbery, and slowly start to think about climbing up through the hierarchy of the Mob. Henry, however, might be badly affected by his partners' success, but will he consider stooping low enough to bring about the downfall of Jimmy and Tommy? —Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> gangstermafiaorganized crimesadistic psychopathrise and fall522 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines "As far back as I can remember, I've always wanted to be a gangster." -- Henry Hill, Brooklyn, N.Y. 1955. Genres Biography Crime Drama Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to Henry Hill, whose life was the basis for the book and film, Joe Pesci's portrayal of Tommy DeSimone was 90-99% accurate, with one notable exception; the real Tommy DeSimone was massively built. Goofs Young Henry is right-handed, older Henry is left-handed. Quotes Henry Hill: You're a pistol, you're really funny. You're really funny. Tommy DeVito: What do you mean I'm funny? Henry Hill: It's funny, you know. It's a good story, it's funny, you're a funny guy. [laughs] Tommy DeVito: What do you mean, you mean the way I talk? What? Henry Hill: It's just, you know. You're just funny, it's... funny, you know the way you tell the story and everything. Tommy DeVito: [it becomes quiet] Funny how? What's funny about it? Anthony Stabile: Tommy no, you got it all wrong. Tommy DeVito: Oh, oh, Anthony. He's a big boy, he knows what he said. What did ya say? Funny how? Henry Hill: Jus... Tommy DeVito: What? Henry Hill: Just... ya know... you're funny. Tommy DeVito: You mean, let me understand this cause, ya know maybe it's me, I'm a little fucked up maybe, but I'm funny how, I mean funny like I'm a clown, I amuse you? I make you laugh, I'm here to fuckin' amuse you? What do you mean funny, funny how? How am I funny? Henry Hill: Just... you know, how you tell the story, what? Tommy DeVito: No, no, I don't know, you said it. How do I know? You said I'm funny. How the fuck am I funny, what the fuck is so funny about me? Tell me, tell me what's funny! Henry Hill: [long pause] Get the fuck out of here, Tommy! Tommy DeVito: [everyone laughs] Ya motherfucker! I almost had him, I almost had him. Ya stuttering prick ya. Frankie, was he shaking? I wonder about you sometimes, Henry. You may fold under questioning. Alternate versions A television version of the film was prepared by director Martin Scorsese, which retained a good portion of the film's graphic violence. It also retained much of the profanity, minus the F- and S-words, which were dubbed over. Scorsese did a televised introduction upon the film's network premiere. Connections Edited into Video Macumba (1991) Soundtracks Rags to Riches Written by Jerry Ross and Richard Adler Performed by Tony Bennett Courtesy of CBS Records, Music Licensing Department User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 One word: priceless If there was one word that I could use to describe Martin Scorsese's "Goodfellas": it'd be priceless. A surreal and deeply fascinating take on life of Henry Hill who was involved in the Mob for three decades and his rise throughout the time span (and Nicholas Pileggi's book "Wiseguy"). There isn't a single moment in the movie where it doesn't miss a beat, you could only tell by the atmosphere of the time period and it seems so real. The performances in this film simply make it even more memorable and how the characters are portrayed here especially by Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci (who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor), and Paul Sorvino are believable and easy to understand that they were a family, very close and tightly knit to the core. Also, how director Martin Scorsese lets the movie pace itself and keeps the viewer off guard in what happens deserves a lot of credit. helpful•324 141 mhasheider Nov 6, 2004 FAQ14 A Note Regarding Spoilers How much sex, violence, and profanity are in this movie? Is 'Goodfellas' based on a book? Details Edit Release date September 21, 1990 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Centrumfilmow Official Facebook Languages English Italian Also known as 好家伙 Filming locations Marlboro, New Jersey, USA Production company Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $46,836,214 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,368,901 Sep 23, 1990 Gross worldwide $46,963,277 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 26 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby SR Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Bmf Showrunner Trumpets Episode 7 For Bringing 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg and Eminem Together for the First Time Nov 16TVLine.com 5 Roles In Martin Scorsese Movies That Were Perfectly Cast (& 5 Actors Who Almost Played Them) Nov 8ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.