Good Will Hunting (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119217/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_86
Good Will Hunting (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Good Will Hunting 19971997 RR 2h 6m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 908K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 243 192 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:21 7 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 908K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 243 192 Director Gus Van Sant Writers Matt Damon Ben Affleck Stars Robin Williams Matt Damon Ben Affleck Top credits Director Gus Van Sant Writers Matt Damon Ben Affleck Stars Robin Williams Matt Damon Ben Affleck See production, box office & company info 970User reviews 166Critic reviews 70Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #86 Won 2 Oscars 24 wins & 61 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 2:21 Good Will Hunting Trailer 0:33 Good Will Hunting Trailer 2:24 Good Will Hunting: Blu-Ray Clip 4:48 Essential Guide to Matt Damon Clip 1:33 Alphabet of Movies | A to Z Video 4:10 What Roles Was Ben Affleck Considered For? Video 3:27 What Roles Has Matt Damon Turned Down? Photos159 Top cast Edit Robin Williams Seanas Sean Matt Damon Willas Will Ben Affleck Chuckieas Chuckie Stellan Skarsgård Lambeauas Lambeau John Mighton Tomas Tom Rachel Majorowski Krystynas Krystyn Colleen McCauley Cathyas Cathy Casey Affleck Morganas Morgan Cole Hauser Billyas Billy Matt Mercier Barbershop Quartet #1as Barbershop Quartet #1 Ralph St. George Barbershop Quartet #2as Barbershop Quartet #2 Rob Lynds Barbershop Quartet #3as Barbershop Quartet #3 Dan Washington Barbershop Quartet #4as Barbershop Quartet #4 Alison Folland M.I.T. Studentas M.I.T. Student Derrick Bridgeman M.I.T. Studentas M.I.T. Student Vik Sahay M.I.T. Studentas M.I.T. Student (as Vic Sahay) Shannon Egleson Girl on Streetas Girl on Street Rob Lyons Carmine Scarpagliaas Carmine Scarpaglia Director Gus Van Sant Writers Matt Damon Ben Affleck All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.1 The Truman Show 8.3 American Beauty 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.5 The Departed 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.3 Braveheart 8.6 The Green Mile 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.5 American History X 8.5 Gladiator Storyline Edit A touching tale of a wayward young man who struggles to find his identity, living in a world where he can solve any problem, except the one brewing deep within himself, until one day he meets his soul mate who opens his mind and his heart. —Dima & Danielle professorgeniusmathematical geniusloss of wifefriend118 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Some people can never believe in themselves, until someone believes in them. Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong language, including some sex-related dialogue Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In 2014, after Robin Williams died, the bench in the Boston Public Garden where he and Matt Damon had their conversation scene became an impromptu memorial site. People left flowers, quotes, and various items at the bench. A petition has been passed around to erect a statue in Williams' memory near the bench. Goofs When Sean tells Will his wife used to fart all the time, even in her sleep, everybody laughs. The camera starts bobbing up and down twice during that dialogue. Apparently, the camera operator was laughing, too. Quotes Sean: [sitting on a bench in in front of a pond in park] Thought about what you said to me the other day, about my painting. Stayed up half the night thinking about it. Something occurred to me... fell into a deep peaceful sleep, and haven't thought about you since. Do you know what occurred to me? Will: No. Sean: You're just a kid, you don't have the faintest idea what you're talkin' about. Will: Why thank you. Sean: It's all right. You've never been out of Boston. Will: Nope. Sean: So if I asked you about art, you'd probably give me the skinny on every art book ever written. Michelangelo, you know a lot about him. Life's work, political aspirations, him and the pope, sexual orientations, the whole works, right? But I'll bet you can't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never actually stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling; seen that. If I ask you about women, you'd probably give me a syllabus about your personal favorites. You may have even been laid a few times. But you can't tell me what it feels like to wake up next to a woman and feel truly happy. You're a tough kid. And I'd ask you about war, you'd probably throw Shakespeare at me, right, "once more unto the breach dear friends." But you've never been near one. You've never held your best friend's head in your lap, watch him gasp his last breath looking to you for help. I'd ask you about love, you'd probably quote me a sonnet. But you've never looked at a woman and been totally vulnerable. Known someone that could level you with her eyes, feeling like God put an angel on earth just for you. Who could rescue you from the depths of hell. And you wouldn't know what it's like to be her angel, to have that love for her, be there forever, through anything, through cancer. And you wouldn't know about sleeping sitting up in the hospital room for two months, holding her hand, because the doctors could see in your eyes, that the terms "visiting hours" don't apply to you. You don't know about real loss, 'cause it only occurs when you've loved something more than you love yourself. And I doubt you've ever dared to love anybody that much. And look at you... I don't see an intelligent, confident man... I see a cocky, scared shitless kid. But you're a genius Will. No one denies that. No one could possibly understand the depths of you. But you presume to know everything about me because you saw a painting of mine, and you ripped my fucking life apart. You're an orphan right? [Will nods] Sean: You think I know the first thing about how hard your life has been, how you feel, who you are, because I read Oliver Twist? Does that encapsulate you? Personally... I don't give a shit about all that, because you know what, I can't learn anything from you, I can't read in some fuckin' book. Unless you want to talk about you, who you are. Then I'm fascinated. I'm in. But you don't want to do that do you sport? You're terrified of what you might say. Your move, chief. Crazy credits Throughout the end credits, Will's car is driving down the highway until the very end, when the car drives around a bend and disappears. Alternate versions In the theatrical release, Chuckie gets angry with Morgan for using his little league baseball glove as "clean up." However in the TV version, Chuckie ends the scene with a curt "Why don't you do what you're doin' at your house." Also, when Will is with the first psychiatrist, the mention of "putting from the rough" is deleted. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Amistad/Titanic/Good Will Hunting/The Apostle (1997) Soundtracks Big Strong Man Arranged by Brian Warfield Performed by The Wolfetones (as Wolfe Tones) Courtesy of Shanachie Entertainment Corp. User reviews970 Review Top review 8/10 Two Pals Make Good in Hollywood Matt Damon and Ben Affleck scored quite a success with their interesting and entertaining script. The introduction and exposition sections are enormously engrossing, after which script peaks and rather coasts along the rest of the way. Yet, the casting is so well done, and the acting at such good level, that interest is nicely maintained. What "Hunting" essentially consists of is some two dozen conversational scenes, bridged together with short transitions of physical activity. What is rather remarkable is that one isn't aware of the dramatic limitations comprising the structure. This is a real tribute to the cast, director, and of course, the script. While the basic situation is really quite far-fetched, it is made to seem plausible--again, the mark of good, convincing writing. The story behind getting the script sold and produced on the terms of the writers' preferences is fascinating. Still, one can't really call it luck, for both Damon and Affleck "paid their dues" -- and success did not just fall into their laps. These are two talented young men, with perseverance; and how wonderful for them to have achieved such success while still youthful and full of vitality. "Good Will Hunting" is a good production, with solid craftsmanship in all departments -- thanks to the creativity of Damon and Affleck. helpful•119 61 harry-76 Jun 25, 2000 Details Edit Release date January 9, 1998 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 心灵捕手 Filming locations Central Tech. High School, Toronto, Ontario, Canada Production companies Miramax Be Gentlemen Limited Partnership Lawrence Bender Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $10,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $138,433,435 Opening weekend US & Canada $272,912 Dec 7, 1997 Gross worldwide $225,933,435 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 6 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news The Last Duel: 10 Upcoming Projects Featuring The Cast Nov 13ScreenRant.com Norman Reedus, Sean Patrick Flanery & Director Troy Duffy Reunite For ‘The Boondock Saints III’ – AFM Nov 1Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Good Will Hunting (1997) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.