Green Book (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6966692/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_132
Green Book (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Green Book 20182018 PG-13PG-13 2h 10m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 434K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 536 110 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:31 10 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyComedyDrama A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 434K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 536 110 Director Peter Farrelly Writers Nick Vallelonga Brian Hayes Currie Peter Farrelly Stars Viggo Mortensen Mahershala Ali Linda Cardellini Top credits Director Peter Farrelly Writers Nick Vallelonga Brian Hayes Currie Peter Farrelly Stars Viggo Mortensen Mahershala Ali Linda Cardellini See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 420Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #132 Won 3 Oscars 58 wins & 123 nominations total Videos10 Trailer 2:31 Official Trailer Clip 4:30 What BAFTA, SAG, & DGA Wins Predict for the 2020 Oscars Clip 4:21 Where Blade Could Make His Debut in Phase Four Clip 2:56 Can 2019 Oscars Avoid Hostless Disaster of 1989? Clip 3:20 2019 Golden Globes Big Winners Clip 3:58 Mahershala Ali of 'Green Book': "No Small Parts" Video 3:07 2019 Academy Awards Telecast Highlights Video 0:59 The Golden Globes Best Picture Trailer Trailer Video 2:11 The All-Star Cast of 'Green Book' on the Amazing True Story Video 3:00 Our Helpful Hacks to Get You Through TIFF 2018 Photos290 Top cast Edit Viggo Mortensen Tony Lipas Tony Lip Mahershala Ali Dr. Donald Shirleyas Dr. Donald Shirley Linda Cardellini Doloresas Dolores Sebastian Maniscalco Johnny Venereas Johnny Venere Dimiter D. Marinov Olegas Oleg Mike Hatton Georgeas George P.J. Byrne Record Execas Record Exec Joe Cortese Gio Loscudoas Gio Loscudo Maggie Nixon Copa Coat Check Girlas Copa Coat Check Girl Von Lewis Bobby Rydellas Bobby Rydell Jon Sortland Rydell Band Leaderas Rydell Band Leader Don Stark Jules Podellas Jules Podell Anthony Mangano Copa Bouncer Dannyas Copa Bouncer Danny Paul Sloan Copa Maître D' Carmineas Copa Maître D' Carmine Quinn Duffy Mikey Cerroneas Mikey Cerrone Seth Hurwitz Johnny Randazzoas Johnny Randazzo Hudson Galloway Nick Vallelongaas Nick Vallelonga Gavin Lyle Foley Frankie Vallelongaas Frankie Vallelonga (as Gavin Foley) Director Peter Farrelly Writers Nick Vallelonga Brian Hayes Currie Peter Farrelly All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Mahershala Ali: From "4400" to 'Green Book' Mahershala Ali: From "4400" to 'Green Book' Mahershala Ali is perhaps best known for his performances in "House of Cards" and Moonlight, and has been nominated for his second Oscar for Green Book. What other roles has he played?Watch now 3:58 More like this 8.5 Intouchables 8.1 Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri 8.1 Ford v Ferrari 8.1 12 Years a Slave 8.6 Gisaengchung 8.5 Whiplash 8.3 1917 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.2 Shutter Island 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.3 The Green Book: Guide to Freedom Storyline Edit In 1962, Tony "Tony Lip" Vallelonga, a tough bouncer, is looking for work when his nightclub is closed for renovations. The most promising offer turns out to be the driver for the African-American classical pianist Don Shirley for a concert tour into the Deep South states. Although hardly enthused at working for a black man, Tony accepts the job and they begin their trek armed with The Negro Motorist Green Book, a travel guide for safe travel through America's racial segregation. Together, the snobbishly erudite pianist and the crudely practical bouncer can barely get along with their clashing attitudes to life and ideals. However, as the disparate pair witness and endure America's appalling injustices on the road, they find a newfound respect for each other's talents and start to face them together. In doing so, they would nurture a friendship and understanding that would change both their lives. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) on the roadhoteljailpianopianist430 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Inspired by a True Friendship Genres Biography Comedy Drama Music Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for thematic content, language including racial epithets, smoking, some violence and suggestive material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Upon the film's release, the Shirley family stated that Tony and Doc were not friends, they had "an employer-employee relationship". In January 2019, audio recordings of an interview with Don Shirley emerged in which he stated, "I trusted him implicitly... You see... not only was [Tony] my driver, we never had an employer/employee relationship. You don't have time for that bullshit. My life is in this man's hands!... So you've got to be friendly with one another." Goofs The version of "Lucille" that plays in the car is not the original 1957 recording, but a rerecording Little Richard made for K-Tel in 1976... 14 years after the film is set. Quotes Tony Lip: The world's full of lonely people afraid to make the first move. Crazy credits The real-life photos (and a few insights into their lives after the events in the movie) of Dr. Donald Shirley and Frank "Tony Lip" Vallelonga are shown before the end credits roll. Connections Featured in CTV News at Six Toronto: Episode dated 11 September 2018 (2018) Soundtracks That Old Black Magic Written by Harold Arlen and Johnny Mercer User reviews1.6K Review Top review 9/10 Critic-proof festival hit should be big holiday winner Some of my movie friends were stunned when I mentioned in a thread that this was my "People's Choice Award" vote for TIFF 2018 (it won, btw). I generally go for weightier fare, so my being won over by a PG-13 road film with the familiar "they-couldn't-have-been-more-different" premise directed by the auteur co-responsible for such recent classics as "Dumb and Dumber To" and "The Three Stooges" elicited a virtual double-take. But I couldn't help it ... it really WAS the best film I saw (out of 17), and far and away the most entertaining. I think this is largely because it's based on a real-life story about the beginning of a lifelong friendship - a story that has writing participation by the son of one of the real-life characters. There's definitely an air of authenticity to the events as they unfold that could never occur with a purely contrived plot. Consider: A college-educated concert pianist of Jamaican descent hires a temporarily-unemployed Italian-American nightclub bouncer who's streetwise but academically dim to drive him to venues in the Deep South back in 1962. That's not a setup that a Hollywood script written from scratch would ever have come up with. The two lead actors really click. Mahershala Ali makes a nice Oscar follow-up playing the aloof pianist passenger to Viggo Mortensen's "b.s. artist" driver. Ali is certain to get another nomination; Mortensen's performance may be a little too broad to garner one, but he delivers exactly what's called for. And he makes a believable Italian-American, which is impressive considering that he's Danish. I'm allergic to preaching and heavy-handedness in movies no matter what the message, and with the exception of one borderline scene, I'd say that the movie nicely sidesteps these proclivities that surface so often in socially-conscious films. The music and FX are excellent. When an actor plays a piano player, there's always the challenge of making the playing look believable. It doesn't get any better than it gets here - Ali's piano playing is every bit as convincing as Margot Robbie's ice skating in I, TONYA. You never see a disconnect between hands and body as he's filmed against a variety of backgrounds. And if I could bet on an Oscar win right now, it would be Kris Bowers for Best Original Score. (He also supplies Ali's hands, which should clinch it.) Top everything off with a Capra-esque Christmas Eve finale and a closing line that sends everyone home smiling, and it all adds up to a monster hit. Its commercial payoff could be huge - the movie practically begs for a TV series spinoff, and the real-life characters remained friends until they both died in 2013. So congratulations to Peter Farrelly on his graduation from co-directing lowbrow fare to solo-directing middlebrow (i.e. mass-appeal) fare. You can't deny the talent and craftsmanship it takes to make a mainstream movie that works as well as this one does. helpful•311 90 Art Snob Sep 22, 2018 FAQ3 Does Mahershala Ali play the piano? What about when we see all of Mahershala's body, including his hands? He is absolutely mimicking the music we are hearing! Details Edit Release date March 1, 2019 (China) Countries of origin United States China Official sites Official Facebook Official Facebook (United Kingdom) Languages English Italian Russian German Also known as 绿皮书 Filming locations Houmas House Plantation, Burnside, Louisiana, USA Production companies Participant Dreamworks Pictures Innisfree Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $23,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $85,080,171 Opening weekend US & Canada $320,429 Nov 18, 2018 Gross worldwide $321,752,656 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 10 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Surround 7.1 SDDS Aspect ratio 2.00 : 1 Related news Scott Glenn, Colin Ford, Joelle Carter, Randy Houser & More Join Sports Drama ‘The Hill’ Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Oscars Can Have Two Noteworthy Mahershala Ali Performances for the Price of One with ‘Swan Song’ Nov 13Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.