Hacksaw Ridge (2016) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2119532/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_202
Hacksaw Ridge (2016) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Hacksaw Ridge 20162016 RR 2h 19m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 474K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 312 163 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:26 17 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaHistory World War II American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor ... Read allWorld War II American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot.World War II American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 474K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 312 163 Director Mel Gibson Writers Robert Schenkkan(screenplay by) Andrew Knight(screenplay by) Stars Andrew Garfield Sam Worthington Luke Bracey Top credits Director Mel Gibson Writers Robert Schenkkan(screenplay by) Andrew Knight(screenplay by) Stars Andrew Garfield Sam Worthington Luke Bracey See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 478Critic reviews 71Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #202 Won 2 Oscars 54 wins & 115 nominations total Videos17 Trailer 2:26 Trailer #1 Clip 0:43 Rescue Clip 0:47 Cowardice Interview 1:31 R Griffiths Interview 1:31 R Griffiths Interview 4:16 A Garfield Interview 3:03 T Palmer Interview 3:26 M Gibson Interview 2:56 L Bracey Interview 2:41 V Vaughn Interview 2:26 S Worthington Interview 1:30 D Doss Jr Photos163 Top cast Edit Andrew Garfield Desmond Dossas Desmond Doss Sam Worthington Captain Gloveras Captain Glover Luke Bracey Smitty Rykeras Smitty Ryker Teresa Palmer Dorothy Schutteas Dorothy Schutte Richard Pyros Teachas Teach Jacob Warner James Pinnickas James Pinnick Milo Gibson Lucky Fordas Lucky Ford Darcy Bryce Young Desmondas Young Desmond Roman Guerriero Young 'Hal' Dossas Young 'Hal' Doss James Lugton Hikeras Hiker Kasia Stelmach Hiker's Friendas Hiker's Friend Hugo Weaving Tom Dossas Tom Doss Rachel Griffiths Bertha Dossas Bertha Doss Jarin Towney Teenage Boyas Teenage Boy Tim McGarry Local Manas Local Man Tyler Coppin Lynchburg Doctoras Lynchburg Doctor Richard Platt Flirting Hospital Soldieras Flirting Hospital Soldier Nathaniel Buzolic Harold 'Hal' Dossas Harold 'Hal' Doss Director Mel Gibson Writers Robert Schenkkan(screenplay by) Andrew Knight(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 1917 7.6 Fury 8.1 Ford v Ferrari 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.1 12 Years a Slave 7.8 Dunkirk 8.3 Braveheart 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.1 Mad Max: Fury Road 8.2 Green Book 8.1 Logan Storyline Edit The true story of Desmond T. Doss, the conscientious objector who, at the Battle of Okinawa, was awarded the Medal of Honor for his incredible bravery and regard for his fellow soldiers. We see his upbringing and how this shaped his views, especially his religious view and anti-killing stance. We see Doss's trials and tribulations after enlisting in the US Army and trying to become a medic. Finally, we see the hell on Earth that was Hacksaw Ridge. —grantss world war twoconscientious objectorsoldiermedic1940s220 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Based on the incredible true story. Genres Biography Drama History War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for intense prolonged realistically graphic sequences of war violence including grisly bloody images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When asked how many lives he saved, Desmond T. Doss said approximately fifty. However, witnesses said it was closer to one hundred. A mutual agreement was reached at approximately seventy-five. Goofs Harold Doss wears an Army uniform at the kitchen table when in fact he enlisted in the Navy and served aboard the USS Lindsey. Quotes [repeated line] Desmond Doss: Help me get one more. Crazy credits The real Desmond T. Doss is interviewed during the end credits and briefly describes his experiences during World War II, some of which have already been dramatized in the film. Connections Edited from Taiheiyou no kiseki: Fokkusu to yobareta otoko (2011) Soundtracks To God be the Glory (Traditional Song) Written by Fanny Crosby Music by Howard Doane (as William Doane) User reviews1K Review Top review 8/10 Hacksaw Ridge marks a triumphant return for Mel Gibson. Ten years since his last directorial effort 'Apocalypto' and many were wondering if he could match the excellence of his previous work, especially since this hiatus consisted of many controversies for the actor/director. Well, I'm pleased to say that Hacksaw Ridge is most definitely one of the best war films of this century. A bold claim such as this needs proof, and I always say "proof is in the pudding". Detailing the efforts of Desmond Doss, a conscientious objector who refused to carry a weapon, during the battle for Hacksaw Ridge against the Japanese. Illustrating the heroism, valour and bravery of one man who, through inner strength and conviction, saved the lives of many wounded soldiers. I am a sucker for good old fashioned Hollywood stories about a hero who defied all the odds. Everyone and everything was against Doss, including the rest of his unit at first, which automatically creates emotional investment towards our protagonist. You want him to succeed in his endeavours, you want him to prove all the naysayers wrong. He does...and then some. Through visceral direction from Gibson, who honestly directed the heck out of this, Doss was portrayed enigmatically by Garfield. Balancing both innocence and conviction in equal measures to produce a character that breaks your heart. Every facial expression and action Garfield makes feels natural and racks up to be one of his best performances. Supported by an excellent cast, particularly Vaughn, Weaving and Worthington, who provide backstory and development to what could've been expendable assets. The battle scenes were breathtakingly claustrophobic, the usage of blood and violence contradicts the religious subtext in the narrative which further enhances the ideologies of pacifism. Countless bodies on fire and limbs gliding through the explosions, just relentless filmmaking. The overuse of melodrama during the first half did provide an unusual tonal shift for the second half, took me a while to adjust. But, in the end, all I have to say is "Mel, welcome back!". helpful•15 9 TheMovieDiorama Mar 18, 2018 FAQ3 Why did the movie never show his older sister, only his younger brother Harold? His sister was born in 1916, Desmond in 1919, and Harold in 1921. What did Sergeant Howell mean during the interview with Doss on the battlefield when he said that he wants "a morphine or a bullet"? Details Edit Release date December 8, 2016 (China) Countries of origin Australia United States Official sites Official Facebook Page Official site Languages English Japanese Also known as 血战钢锯岭 Filming locations Fox Studios, Moore Park, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia Production companies Summit Entertainment Cross Creek Pictures Demarest Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $67,209,615 Opening weekend US & Canada $15,190,758 Nov 6, 2016 Gross worldwide $180,563,636 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 19 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Can Andrew Garfield’s ‘Tick, Tick … Boom!’ Musical Performance Be the First Best Actor Winner in Over 55 Years? Nov 11Variety Film + TV Will ‘House of Gucci’ or ‘The Last Duel’ Make Ridley Scott the Oldest Directing Nominee in Oscars History? Nov 10Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.