Hamilton (2020) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8503618?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=740fe57f-4fe4-47d3-9e34-55d2a69fc4b8&pf_rd_r=NB9PMR97WQG6JC0Q1718&pf_rd_s=center-11&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=podcasts&ref_=fea_pod_mtcml_19_lk5
Hamilton (2020) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Hamilton 20202020 PG-13PG-13 2h 40m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 76K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 416 125 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:01 11 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaHistory The real life of one of America's foremost founding fathers and first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Captured live on Broadway from the Richard Rodgers Theater with the origi... Read allThe real life of one of America's foremost founding fathers and first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Captured live on Broadway from the Richard Rodgers Theater with the original Broadway cast.The real life of one of America's foremost founding fathers and first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Captured live on Broadway from the Richard Rodgers Theater with the original Broadway cast. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 76K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 416 125 Director Thomas Kail Writers Lin-Manuel Miranda(book) Ron Chernow(inspired by the book Alexander Hamilton by) Stars Lin-Manuel Miranda Phillipa Soo Leslie Odom Jr. Top credits Director Thomas Kail Writers Lin-Manuel Miranda(book) Ron Chernow(inspired by the book Alexander Hamilton by) Stars Lin-Manuel Miranda Phillipa Soo Leslie Odom Jr. See production, box office & company info 649User reviews 103Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #84 Won 1 Primetime Emmy 17 wins & 45 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 1:01 Streaming Exclusively July 3 Trailer 1:01 Official Trailer Clip 1:27 All About Anthony Ramos Clip 3:16 9 Films With Inspirational Heroes to Celebrate Clip 3:27 Golden Globes 2021 Nominations to Know Clip 4:30 What's Next for the 'Hamilton' Cast? Clip 3:22 'Hamilton' Stars Reveal the Movies and TV Shows That Mattered Most to Them Clip 2:47 Why Lin-Manuel Miranda and 'Hamilton' Cast Are So Proud of Their Performances Clip 6:12 Hollywood's Shared History with Broadway Clip 4:07 What to Watch After 'Hamilton' Clip 3:34 July's Most Anticipated Streaming Titles Photos111 Top cast Edit Lin-Manuel Miranda Alexander Hamiltonas Alexander Hamilton Phillipa Soo Eliza Hamiltonas Eliza Hamilton Leslie Odom Jr. Aaron Burras Aaron Burr Renée Elise Goldsberry Angelica Schuyleras Angelica Schuyler Daveed Diggs Marquis de Lafayetteas Marquis de Lafayette… Jonathan Groff King Georgeas King George Chris Jackson George Washingtonas George Washington (as Christopher Jackson) Jasmine Cephas Jones Peggy Schuyleras Peggy Schuyler… Okieriete Onaodowan Hercules Mulliganas Hercules Mulligan… Anthony Ramos John Laurensas John Laurens… Carleigh Bettiol Ensembleas Ensemble Ariana DeBose Ensembleas Ensemble Hope Easterbrook Ensembleas Ensemble Sydney James Harcourt Philip Schuyleras Philip Schuyler… Sasha Hutchings Ensembleas Ensemble Thayne Jasperson Samuel Seaburyas Samuel Seabury… Elizabeth Judd Ensembleas Ensemble Jon Rua Charles Leeas Charles Lee… Director Thomas Kail Writers Lin-Manuel Miranda(book) Ron Chernow(inspired by the book Alexander Hamilton by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.4 In the Heights 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 8.6 Star Wars 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.5 Back to the Future 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 8.4 Mononoke-hime 8.3 Singin' in the Rain 8.3 Amadeus 8.4 Capharnaüm Storyline Edit "Hamilton" is the story of America then, told by America now. Featuring a score that blends hip-hop, jazz, R&B, and show tunes, "Hamilton" has taken the story of American founding father Alexander Hamilton and created a revolutionary moment in theater--a musical that has had a profound impact on culture, politics, and education. Captured at the Richard Rodgers Theater on Broadway in June 2016, the film transports its audience into the world of the Broadway show in a uniquely intimate way. —The Walt Disney Studios hip hopamerican historyalexander hamilton charactercultural appropriationrevolutionary war28 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines An American Musical Genres Biography Drama History Musical Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for language and some suggestive material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In his 2016 book "Hamilton: The Revolution," Lin-Manuel Miranda says that the inspiration for the "Hamilton" song "You'll Be Back" came from his friendship with Hugh Laurie, which in turn came from his time as an actor on "House": "I was having a drink with Hugh Laurie, with whom I'd worked on his series House, and I told him I wanted to write a big breakup letter from King George to the colonies. Without blinking, he improvised at me, 'Awwww, you'll be back,' wagging his finger. I laughed and filed it away. Thanks, Hugh Laurie. " Goofs Philip Hamilton wasn't shot before 10 paces, for a minute both Philip and Eacker stood and refused to shoot. "Philip took his father's advice, and refused to raise his pistol to fire after he and Eacker had counted ten paces and faced each other. Eacker, following suit, did not shoot either. For the first minute, both men stood, doing nothing, both refusing to shoot. After a minute, Eacker finally raised his pistol, and Philip did the same. Eacker shot and struck Philip above his right hip. The bullet went through his body and lodged in his left arm. In what may have been an involuntary spasm, Philip also fired his pistol before he hit the ground, but this bullet did nothing." Quotes Alexander Hamilton: I imagine death so much/It feels more like a memory/Is this where it gets me/On my feet, several feet ahead of me? I see it coming/Do I run or fire my gun or let it be?/There is no beat, no melody/Burr, my first friend, my enemy/Maybe the last face I ever see/If I throw away my shot/Is this how you remember me?/What if this bullet is my legacy?/Legacy. What is a legacy?/It's planting seeds in a garden/You never get to see/I wrote some notes/At the beginning of a song/Someone will sing for me/America, you great unfinished symphony/You sent for me/You let me make a difference/A place where even orphan immigrants can leave their fingerprints and rise up/I'm running out of time/I'm running and my time's up/Wise up, eyes up/I catch a glimpse of the other side/Laurens leads soldiers' chorus on the other side/My son is on the other side/He's with my mother on the other side/Washington is watching from the other side/Teach me how to say goodbye/Rise up. Rise up. Rise up./Eliza! My love, take your time./I'll see you on the other side. Crazy credits The Walt Disney Pictures logo is synced up to the sound effects from "Ten Duel Commandments" (the ticking clock, explosions, gunshots and DJ disc scratches). Connections Featured in Hamilton's America (2016) Soundtracks Alexander Hamilton Performed by Leslie Odom Jr., Anthony Ramos, Daveed Diggs, Okieriete Onaodowan, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Phillipa Soo and Chris Jackson Music and Lyrics by Lin-Manuel Miranda Copyright © 2015 5000 Broadway Music (ASCAP) Administered by WC Music Corp. User reviews649 Review Top review 9/10 Just fantastic Beautifully done, perfect filming, well acted, certainly worth the watch ! helpful•10 1 zrx-wannabe Jul 22, 2020 FAQ2 Does the streaming version of "Hamilton" include the lyrics on English subtitles? Details Edit Release date July 3, 2020 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites "Hamilton" on Disney+ Official site Language English Also known as 汉密尔顿 Filming locations Richard Rodgers Theatre - 226 W. 46th Street, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Walt Disney Pictures 5000 Broadway Productions Nevis Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 40 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Broadway Box Office Climbs 12% To $26M; ‘Harry Potter & The Cursed Child’ Joins Roster Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Marvel’s ‘Moon Knight,’ ‘She-Hulk’ and ‘Ms. Marvel’ Get First Looks Nov 12Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Hamilton (2020) in Germany?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.