Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1201607/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_214
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 20112011 PG-13PG-13 2h 10m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 810K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 155 32 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 21 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureFantasyMystery Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts.Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts.Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 810K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 155 32 Director David Yates Writers Steve Kloves(screenplay) J.K. Rowling(novel "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows") Stars Daniel Radcliffe Emma Watson Rupert Grint Top credits Director David Yates Writers Steve Kloves(screenplay) J.K. Rowling(novel "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows") Stars Daniel Radcliffe Emma Watson Rupert Grint See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 491Critic reviews 85Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #214 Nominated for 3 Oscars 46 wins & 94 nominations total Videos21 Trailer 2:33 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 -- Trailer #2 Trailer 1:57 Trailer #2 Clip 2:51 The 9 Most Surprising Harry Potter Movie Moments to Revisit Clip 3:43 Our Favorite On-Screen Witches Clip 0:41 Deleted Scene Clip 0:41 Harry Returns to Hogwarts Clip 1:10 "The Boy Who Lived" Clip 0:27 "Room of Requirement" Clip 0:47 "Is It in Here" Clip 0:49 "He Knows We're Hunting" Featurette 4:24 "The Story" Featurette 3:12 "The Story of Snape" Photos491 Top cast Edit Daniel Radcliffe Harry Potteras Harry Potter Emma Watson Hermione Grangeras Hermione Granger Rupert Grint Ron Weasleyas Ron Weasley Michael Gambon Professor Albus Dumbledoreas Professor Albus Dumbledore Ralph Fiennes Lord Voldemortas Lord Voldemort Alan Rickman Professor Severus Snapeas Professor Severus Snape Evanna Lynch Luna Lovegoodas Luna Lovegood Domhnall Gleeson Bill Weasleyas Bill Weasley Clémence Poésy Fleur Delacouras Fleur Delacour Warwick Davis Griphookas Griphook… John Hurt Ollivanderas Ollivander Helena Bonham Carter Bellatrix Lestrangeas Bellatrix Lestrange Graham Duff Death Eateras Death Eater Anthony Allgood Gringotts' Guardas Gringotts' Guard Rusty Goffe Aged Gringotts' Goblinas Aged Gringotts' Goblin Jon Key Bogrodas Bogrod Kelly Macdonald Helena Ravenclawas Helena Ravenclaw Jason Isaacs Lucius Malfoyas Lucius Malfoy Director David Yates Writers Steve Kloves(screenplay) J.K. Rowling(novel "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro The 9 Most Surprising Harry Potter Movie Moments The 9 Most Surprising Harry Potter Movie Moments If rewatching all eight Harry Potter films feels as daunting as mastering Quidditch, we've got you covered with a guide to the franchise's most surprising moments worth revisiting.Watch the video 2:51 More like this 7.7 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.8 The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 8.1 Logan 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 8.2 Batman Begins 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.4 The Dark Knight Rises 8.2 Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey Storyline Edit Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue their quest of finding and destroying Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') three remaining Horcruxes, the magical items responsible for his immortality. But as the mystical Deathly Hallows are uncovered, and Voldemort finds out about their mission, the biggest battle begins, and life as they know it will never be the same again. —Jordan ginny weasley characterlucius malfoy characterhermione granger charactertwinschild489 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It All Ends Here Genres Adventure Fantasy Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some sequences of intense action violence and frightening images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia (At around one hour and forty minutes) According to Tom Felton, Voldemort awkwardly hugging Draco was not scripted, but an improvisation by Ralph Fiennes. Felton's reactions of stopping dead in his tracks, not knowing what to do, is genuine. Goofs In the final battle, Ralph Fiennes nose is briefly visible instead of Voldemort's characteristic snake nose look. Quotes Professor Albus Dumbledore: Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it. Crazy credits A flashback to the final scene of the previous film, in which Voldemort steals the Elder Wand from Dumbledore's tomb, is shown even before the Warner Bros. shield. Alternate versions Also released in a 3D version. Connections Featured in Breakfast: Episode dated 11 April 2011 (2011) User reviews1K Review Top review 9/10 Better Ending Endings are usually the problems of most movie series. They usually end up being mediocre & unsatisfying or they are made to cash in people. The great thing about Harry Potter movies, the filmmakers are taking their job seriously. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 is a great ending of the series. It's more than throwing a lot of action and exposition. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 is one of those conclusion that actually care about the series. Deathly Hallows part 1 is just the first and the half of the second act of the story. Deathly Hallows part 2 begins straight forward to its continuation of the last Harry Potter film. And of course, if you haven't seen Deathly Hallows Part 1 or any of the Harry Potter movies, you'll be confused to death. Obvious isn't it? It's pretty clever to make the whole Deathly Hallows story like a slow burn. It started from silent thrills, plans, and escapes to big and loud battles. The series doesn't only end with big and loud action. It also gives us some nostalgia from the old Harry Potter films. And we still get to see more of the characters. The movie itself is pretty exciting. It's a good choice to let David Yates direct the rest of the Potter films because he made this series darker and bolder. Aside from that the film still has its compelling moments like the Prince's Tale scene. No need to tell about the performances of Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson and the rest of the cast because they are obviously good to their characters but there is one actor here is worth mention and that is Alan Rickman. We already knew him as Snape but there is one scene where we see more of his character and his performance was excellent. The filmmaking, the special effects is obviously good. The music score really made the battle scenes epic and perfect for a final film. For me it's really hard to write a review about Harry Potter. Is it because I never read the books or I'm not really a huge fan but in my opinion Harry Potter is a successful series. If I rank all the movie conclusions, this could be number three because nothing beats Lord of the Rings and Star Wars. Either you're a fan or not, you'll love this series. And yes, this is another remarkable movie series. helpful•121 60 TourettesPersonal Jul 19, 2011 FAQ21 What is 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2' about? Is 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2' based on a book? What is the reason for splitting the book into two movies? Details Edit Release date August 4, 2011 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Latin Also known as 哈利·波特与死亡圣器下 Filming locations Freshwater West, Pembrokeshire, Wales, UK Production companies Warner Bros. Heyday Films Moving Picture Company (MPC) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $125,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $381,409,310 Opening weekend US & Canada $169,189,427 Jul 17, 2011 Gross worldwide $1,342,321,665 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 10 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Dolby Surround 7.1 SDDS Sonics-DDP Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Relive the Best Harry Potter Movie Moments Ever Jul 15E! Online How the Harry Potter Franchise Continues to Live On, One Decade Later Jun 20Hollywood Insider - Substance & Meaningful Entertainment Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.