Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0241527/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_41
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 20012001 PGPG 2h 32m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 708K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 41 30 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play clip3:15 Harry Potter Franchise Retrospective 12 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureFamilyFantasy An orphaned boy enrolls in a school of wizardry, where he learns the truth about himself, his family and the terrible evil that haunts the magical world.An orphaned boy enrolls in a school of wizardry, where he learns the truth about himself, his family and the terrible evil that haunts the magical world.An orphaned boy enrolls in a school of wizardry, where he learns the truth about himself, his family and the terrible evil that haunts the magical world. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 708K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 41 30 Director Chris Columbus Writers J.K. Rowling(novel) Steve Kloves(screenplay) Stars Daniel Radcliffe Rupert Grint Richard Harris Top credits Director Chris Columbus Writers J.K. Rowling(novel) Steve Kloves(screenplay) Stars Daniel Radcliffe Rupert Grint Richard Harris See production, box office & company info 1.8KUser reviews 276Critic reviews 65Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 3 Oscars 17 wins & 68 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 0:32 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Clip 3:15 Harry Potter Franchise Retrospective Clip 2:51 The 9 Most Surprising Harry Potter Movie Moments to Revisit Clip 3:43 Our Favorite On-Screen Witches Featurette 0:48 Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone: Blu-Ray Entire Series Box Set Wizards Collection Full Episode 2:54 "Outer Banks" Star Madelyn Cline Wants to Hang Out at Hogwarts Full Episode 4:23 'Troop Zero' Star Mckenna Grace Has the Best Interview Ever Full Episode 3:46 "Riverdale" Star Madelaine Petsch Can't Get Enough 'Harry Potter' Video 1:22 Hiring Martin Bayfield Video 3:44 The Evolution of Nerds Video 1:49 Greatest Movie Adventures Video 2:09 Dates in Movie & TV History: Sept. 1 - Back to Hogwarts Day Photos549 Top cast Edit Daniel Radcliffe Harry Potteras Harry Potter Rupert Grint Ron Weasleyas Ron Weasley Richard Harris Albus Dumbledoreas Albus Dumbledore Maggie Smith Professor McGonagallas Professor McGonagall Robbie Coltrane Hagridas Hagrid Saunders Triplets Baby Harry Potteras Baby Harry Potter Fiona Shaw Aunt Petunia Dursleyas Aunt Petunia Dursley Harry Melling Dudley Dursleyas Dudley Dursley Richard Griffiths Uncle Vernon Dursleyas Uncle Vernon Dursley Derek Deadman Bartender in Leaky Cauldronas Bartender in Leaky Cauldron Ian Hart Professor Quirrellas Professor Quirrell Ben Borowiecki Diagon Alley Boyas Diagon Alley Boy Warwick Davis Goblin Bank Telleras Goblin Bank Teller… Verne Troyer Griphookas Griphook (as Vern Troyer) John Hurt Mr. Ollivanderas Mr. Ollivander Richard Bremmer He Who Must Not Be Namedas He Who Must Not Be Named Geraldine Somerville Lily Potteras Lily Potter Harry Taylor Station Guardas Station Guard Director Chris Columbus Writers J.K. Rowling(novel) Steve Kloves(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro The 9 Most Surprising Harry Potter Movie Moments The 9 Most Surprising Harry Potter Movie Moments If rewatching all eight Harry Potter films feels as daunting as mastering Quidditch, we've got you covered with a guide to the franchise's most surprising moments worth revisiting.Watch the video 2:51 More like this 7.4 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets 7.9 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban 7.7 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 7.5 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix 7.6 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince 7.3 Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 6.5 Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald 7.6 Home Alone 6.9 The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.2 Toy Story 3 Storyline Edit This is the tale of Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), an ordinary eleven-year-old boy serving as a sort of slave for his aunt and uncle who learns that he is actually a wizard and has been invited to attend the Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry is snatched away from his mundane existence by Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane), the groundskeeper for Hogwarts, and quickly thrown into a world completely foreign to both him and the viewer. Famous for an incident that happened at his birth, Harry makes friends easily at his new school. He soon finds, however, that the wizarding world is far more dangerous for him than he would have imagined, and he quickly learns that not all wizards are ones to be trusted. —Carly magicwizardschool of magicbased on novelorphan360 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Let The Magic Begin. Genres Adventure Family Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for some scary moments and mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Alan Rickman was hand picked to play Snape by J.K. Rowling, and received special instructions from her about character. Rowling even provided him with vital details of Snape's backstory, not revealed until the final novel. Goofs (at around 1h 11 mins) When Harry is upside down with the troll holding him by his legs, his hair is pointing to the floor and his scar is no where to be seen on his forehead. Quotes Dumbledore: It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live. Crazy credits Richard Bremmer (the face and voice of Lord Voldemort) is credited as "He Who Must Not Be Named", Lord Voldemort's title. Alternate versions There is an extended cut of the film running about 159 minutes vs the theatrical version runs 152 minutes. It was first shown on TV networks (ABC in the US, several international broadcasts had the same extended showing) in 2004. The 2009 Ultimate Edition DVD/Blu-ray release includes this cut as well. The deleted scenes added back into the movie are: Dudley's Uniform: Aunt Petunia dyes Dudley's old uniform gray so Harry could use it as his school uniform (before Harry receives the letter from Hogwarts.) Cracking Eggs: Aunt Petunia opens egg cartons and cracks them, discovering rolled up letters from Hogwarts addressed to Harry. On the train: Hagrid and Harry take the train to London, and Hagrid reveals his love for dragons. Snape's Class: An extended version of Snape's potions class. Finding Flamel: Harry, Ron, and Hermione discover Nicholas Flamel's name in a wizard card while looking for a counter curse for Neville's leg locker curse. Harry's Meditation: Harry and Ron discuss the Mirror of Erised. Connections Edited into 5 Second Movies: Harry Potter (2008) User reviews1.8K Review Top review 8/10 Valiant, successful attempt to bring the magic to life We live in a world where economics is hard. This forces practical limitations when making a movie. Time and money are sadly finite, cinema owners need to be pleased as well as fans and computer animation ain't perfect. Given these limitations, this film is about as close to human perfection as it is possible to achieve. However, it's extremely clear what an immense challenge it is to turn Philosopher's Stone from book to film. Two and a half hours is not long to explore a wonderful, magical world. Furthermore, the directors have bowed to the inevitable temptation to show us things that cannot be communicated so effectively in a book. The consequence is the feeling of a slightly breathless sprint in places. It also means that the movie has to stay true to the spirit of the book rather than to the letter of it. There are omissions and there are changes. The changes that were made capture and maintain the spirit of the story really well; indeed, there are places where the story is more clearly and straightforwardly told in the movie than in the book. Some aspects of the story are fleshed out on screen and the additions are delightful, completely in keeping with the flavour of the world. The humour of the movie is inevitably more visual than that of the book; no belly laughs, but a lot of smiles. Some punchlines have changed, but the reasons why the jokes are funny remain the same. Not knowing exactly what's coming next is a good thing! It's all kept tasteful, classy and above the belt; there's nothing to cringe about. The voice acting is almost uniformly brilliant. However, there are occasions where some of the actors are required to convey high emotions and are only given a second or two of face shot, or head-and-shoulders shot, to do so. This isn't as much freedom as they need and they fall a little short. The blame here must fall on the decision to give the actors too much to do too quickly, not on the actors themselves. Other than these rare jarring instances, the physical acting is frequently excellent and seldom less than completely adequate, judged against the highest of targets set by the book's clear emotion descriptions. Dan Radcliffe has the look, the mannerisms and the charm of Harry down pat. His strongest expressions are the bemusement that must be inherent at entering a world where science does not rule alone and the bravery that Harry shows in his achievements. Emma Watson possibly slightly overplays Hermione, but does so in a fully endearing fashion. There's one scene which gives her too little chance to truly express panic; otherwise her performance needs no changes. Rupert Grint has comic timing way beyond his years, hitting Ron's lines perfectly. Tom Felton makes a stylish Draco; Matt Lewis' Neville character suffers from the acceleration, so the finale does come as a slight characterisation shock. The Phelps brothers' Fred and George are distinctively cheeky rather than proactive pranksters; Chris Rankin imbues Percy with genuine authority. Sean Biggerstaff shines; his Oliver Wood is likeable and an ideal Quidditch team captain. Robbie Coltrane's Hagrid is the single dominant adult character, with maximum laughs extracted at every step. The movie changes strongly exaggerate one side of Hagrid's nature, though; probably inevitable considering how much plot exposition his character has. David Bradley has a vicious Argus Filch; John Hurt's Ollivander is an eccentric treat, giving a wonderful introduction to the Wizarding World. The professors are uniformly excellent, though Richard Harris' Dumbledore comes off as disappointingly flat until the end. The most ambitious point of the movie is the computer generated imagery. The stills are wonderful, but the fastest animation is restricted by the limitations of real-world technology. The book makes extremely stringent demands of the CGI; sometimes their overall effect in the movie is merely good rather than insanely great. Some of the magic spells and effects look awesome; others don't capture the imagination nearly so much. The world cannot yet completely convincingly animate human beings doing inhuman things, which serves as a clear reminder that you need fictional magic to make the impossible possible. The Quidditch scene is the most demanding of them all; while the sequence is action-packed and good-looking, disappointingly, it's not a total success. Perhaps some of the scenes would have been better with more conventional special effects? (For instance, the lower-tech-looking Sorting Hat scene is one of the most delightful of them all.) The set looks gorgeous. However, it may not stand up to detailed analysis. It's fairly obvious that things are shot in many disparate locations, rather than one big Hogwarts School near Hogsmeade. The score is absolutely wonderful. The soundtrack may rely too heavily on The Famous Bit, but it's clear that the balance and mixture of things in the finished movie are exactly right. The feel of the whole movie is everything fans could have hoped for. The dialogue is intensely measured, the colouring is suitably epic, the selection of what to leave in is really tightly considered. You get chills in your spine at the right places; you feel the triumphs as all-encompassing endorphin highs. It's clear that the production have thought long, hard and lovingly. They are true fans of the story, they are the right people for the job, it all bodes very well for the second film. So it could never have been the film that the hyper-literalists were hoping for, then, but it is as good as the practicalities of the real world could possibly permit. Don't expect miracles and you'll love it. I look forward to watching it again and again. 8/10 at the very least. A really satisfactory film! helpful•132 48 Dickoon Nov 8, 2001 FAQ37 How many students are enrolled in Slytherin? What is "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" about? Is "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" based on a book? Details Edit Release date January 26, 2002 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Facebook Warner Bros. (United Kingdom) Languages English Latin Also known as 哈利·波特与魔法石 Filming locations Alnwick Castle, Alnwick, Northumberland, England, UK Production companies Warner Bros. Heyday Films 1492 Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $125,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $318,087,620 Opening weekend US & Canada $90,294,621 Nov 18, 2001 Gross worldwide $1,009,472,460 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 32 minutes Sound mix DTS-ES Dolby Digital EX 12-Track Digital Sound IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Best Harry Potter Merchandise and Collectibles for Every Kind of Fan Nov 17Indiewire Emma Watson Reflects on "Meaningful" Relationship With Harry Potter Co-Stars Ahead of Reunion Nov 16E! Online Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.