Harry Styles - Biography - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm4089170/bio?ref_=nm_ql_dyk_3#trademark
Harry Styles - Biography - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Harry Styles Biography Showing all 60 items Jump to: Overview (4) | Mini Bio (1) | Family (2) | Trade Mark (5) | Trivia (37) | Personal Quotes (11) Overview (4) Born February 1, 1994 in Evesham, Worcestershire, England, UK Birth Name Harry Edward Styles Nicknames Hazza Haz Harold Harrah H Height 6' (1.83 m) Mini Bio (1) Harry Edward Styles was born on February 1, 1994 in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, England, the son of Anne Twist (née Selley) and Desmond "Des" Styles, who worked in finance. Harry makes his acting debut in "Dunkirk." The critically acclaimed film topped the US box office in its first weekend and was one of the top grossing films of the summer. Styles also made his solo music debut with his self-titled debut album, released in May 2017. The 10-track album featured the lead single "Sign of the Times," which topped the iTunes charts in over 84 countries upon release day. The album made history with the biggest debut sales week for a U.K. male artist's first full-length album since Nielsen Music began tracking sales in 1991, and it topped official charts at #1 in more than 55 countries. In support of the new music, he made acclaimed appearances on "Saturday Night Live," including performing in multiple comedy sketches; "The Graham Norton Show"; and a week-long residency on "The Late Late Show with James Corden." Styles embarked on a sold-out world tour in Fall 2017. Harry Styles Live on Tour began with intimate venues and continued to arenas in 2018. But due to Covid he had to postpone his shows and began Love on Tour September 4, 2021 in Vegas. Styles' second album, Fine Line (2019), debuted atop the US Billboard 200 with the biggest first-week sales by an English male artist in history, and was listed among Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Albums of All Time" in 2020. Its fourth single, "Watermelon Sugar", topped the US Billboard Hot 100. Throughout his career, Styles has earned several accolades, including a Brit Award, an American Music Award, two ARIA Music Awards, and a Billboard Music Award. Aside from music, he is also known for his flamboyant fashion, and is the first man to appear solo on the cover of Vogue magazine. Styles found fame as the star of the global phenomenon One Direction, a group that was assembled by Simon Cowell in the boot camp stage of The X Factor UK 2010 and made it all the way to the final before finishing 3rd. In five years together, they impressively sold more than 70 million records worldwide, achieved a total of 137 number ones, and won five Billboard Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, five American Music Awards and six BRIT Awards. One Direction was the first band in history to have its first four albums debut at number one on the Billboard 200 charts, with the fifth album topping UK charts selling 3.5 million copies worldwide. On December 13, 2015 the band performed "Infinity" and "History" on The X Factor UK Finale before embarking on a hiatus in 2016. - IMDb Mini Biography By: E Family (2) Parents Twist (Selley), Anne Styles, Desmond Relatives Styles, Gemma (sibling) Trade Mark (5) Curly hair Four nipples His dimples Goofy personality Tattoos Trivia (37) Was a member of the boy band One Direction. Was the youngest member of the band One Direction. One Direction were formed at the bootcamp stage of The X Factor (2004) in 2010 when the judges felt Styles, Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik and Niall Horan were too good to throw away, but not interesting enough to make it as soloists. The decision to put the five boys in the group proved to be popular as they made it to The X Factor final and were the only band to be included on the 2011 X Factor Tour. He can juggle. After appearing on The X Factor (2004)(2010), he and One Direction band mate Louis Tomlinson moved in together. He has an older sister named Gemma. The first preschool he went to was called Happy Days. He was in a band called "White Eskimo" before One Direction. His first pet was a dog named Max. Is good friends with James Corden. On his father's side, Harry is the grandson of Keith Frederick Styles and Beryl German. On his mother's side, Harry is the grandson of Brian William Selley and Mary Smith. Ranked #6 in Glamour's list of "50 Sexiest Men" of 2013. His band mates have jokingly nicknamed him Harold, leading to much confusion among fans. His real name is actually Harry on his (public record) birth certificate. One Direction's 2011/2012 UK tour sold out in just 12 minutes. Reportedly, he is the subject of certain songs on Taylor Swift's album "Red" and "1989", including "I Knew You Were Trouble" from "Red" and "Style", "Out of the Woods" and "I know Places" from "1989" . They were in a relationship in 2012. He is godfather to Jackson Aurand (son of former One Direction photographer) and two other children from close friends. He is an avid reader and one of his favorite authors is Charles Bukowski, who inspired two of the songs in his album ("Woman" and "Only Angel"). He wrote his first solo single, "Sign of the Times", alone in the piano in an hour. Then his co-writers polished it with him. His producer, Jeff Bhasker, has expressed that a lot of this song is improvised and that's why it's so long, clocking in 5 minutes and 40 seconds. His first solo tour sold out in minutes. He has expressed several times that the image the media has portrayed of him is not true and has shown disdain when being called a womanizer or when it's implied he likes older women. He has expressed his support for the LGBTQ community consistently since he was eighteen years old. Most notably, he wore a shirt that read "Love Is Equal", called out the Westboro Baptist Church on social media and during one of his concerts, wore a jersey of Michael Sam (the first openly gay football player to be drafted by the NFL) during his band's concert in Saint Louis, has shown his support for The Lesbian and Gay Switchboard Organisation, shouted "Happy Pride" on Pride Day during his band's concert in San Ciro, Italy, and used his social media several times to post rainbow flags on important dates (after the Pulse shooting, when gay marriage was legalized in America, etc). His imitation of Mick Jagger on Saturday Night Live was lauded by Mick Jagger himself as "the best one he'd seen so far". He has a collection of over fifty tattoos. He's a self-proclaimed feminist and egalitarian and was seen wearing a shirt that read "Women Are Smarter", distributed by the It's A Sickness shop. Part of the proceeds of this T-shirt go to Planned Parenthood. He has expressed several times that he wishes his private life to remain private and has no desire of exposing any of it. He has also said that he will not explain the meaning behind his songs and that he prefers if people interpret from them whatever they want. He idolizes Stevie Nicks, Chris Martin, and Mick Jagger, among others and has listed the band Queen as one of his biggest musical inspirations. He owns homes in Los Angeles, New York, and London, but has said that he prefers living in London. Since going solo, he has started playing the guitar publicly, but he can also play piano, bass guitar, and drums. To fully immerse himself in the creative side of writing his album, he spent over a month secluded in Jamaica with his producers and some members of his band. He wrote all the songs on his debut album "Harry Styles" and also his sophomore album, "Fine Line". Many of his ancestors were farm labourers in Norfolk. In December 2020, he became the first-ever solo male to appear on the cover of American Vogue. The magazine had featured men on its cover nine previous times, but all were accompanied by women. Has 60 tattoos so far. The only time he regrets it is when it takes an hour in the makeup chair on set to cover them all up when filming. First One Direction member to win a Grammy. He is ophidiophobic which means he has a severe fear of snakes. If he weren't a singer, he would've become a lawyer. His favourite albums are Astral Weeks by Van Morrison, At Last! by Etta James, Blue by Joni Mitchell, and 21 by Adele. Personal Quotes (11) I can see how you could get dragged into the bad stuff, but I've got good friends around me, good family. I think I've got my head screwed on. A lot of the time, the way it's portrayed is that I only see women in a sexual way. But I grew up with just my mum and sister, so I respect women a lot. You get moments all the time that kind of make you pinch yourself, some of them make you quite emotional. Winning a BRIT was a big moment because we were just so excited to be at the awards in the first place. Selling out Madison Square Garden was pretty amazing too. Then we woke to the news that our UK tour was sold out. It was crazy. I'm quite old-fashioned. I like going out to dinner. You have the chance to talk to somebody and get to know them better. I don't want to be viewed as a womanizer or whatever. I don't like going crazy crazy, I like having fun but it's nice to wake up in your own bed, isn't it? He's a legend. He's incredible. David Bowie can do no wrong. That [LGBTQ, race, and gender rights] doesn't feel like politics to me. I think stuff like equality feels much more fundamental. I feel like everyone is equal. Who's to say that young girls who like pop music - short for popular right? - have worse musical taste than a 30-year-old hipster guy? That's not up to you to say. Music is something that's always changing. There's no goal posts. Young girls like the Beatles. You gonna tell me they're not serious? How can you say young girls don't get it? They're our future - our future doctors, lawyers, mothers, presidents, they kind of keep the world going. Teenage-girl fans - they don't lie. If they like you, they're there. They don't act 'too cool'. They like you, and they tell you. Which is sick. Being in a creative field, it's important to be progressive. People doing stuff like that [expressing their sexuality] is great. It's weird for me [explaining a sexuality] - everyone should just be who they want to be. It's tough to justify somebody having to answer to someone else about stuff like that. I've never felt the need to, really [label his own sexuality]. No. People just want me to be myself and be authentic with them. When you wake up everyday, you get a chance to think of what you want to do with your day and what you want to put into the world that day and who you want to be: Be a lover. Choose love. Give love. Love everyone. Always. Spread as much love as you can. See also Other Works | Publicity Listings | Official Sites View agent, publicist, legal and company contact details on IMDbPro Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Harry Styles Personal Details Biography Other Works Publicity Listings Official Sites Contact Info (IMDbPro) Filmography by Year by Job by Ratings by Votes by Genre by Keyword Did You Know? Personal Quotes Trivia Trademark Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards Related Items Credited With News External Sites Professional Services Get more at IMDbPro Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users men I like a list of 37 people created 02 Sep 2014 Hot celeb males a list of 45 people created 2 months ago Pokemon Destiny Rebirth Cast a list of 38 people created 04 Aug 2017 Favourite Actors a list of 32 people created 6 months ago my top 25 a list of 30 people created 06 Dec 2015 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.