Hidden Figures (2016) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4846340/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=a5a2cb36-6f2e-434a-a460-27fb293ff59a&pf_rd_r=GY6QNB2DCDFPCS8PB93W&pf_rd_s=center-2&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=imdbpicks&ref_=fea_pks_pks_gc_lk2
Hidden Figures (2016) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Hidden Figures 20162016 PGPG 2h 7m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 214K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,211 5 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:28 32 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaHistory The story of a team of female African-American mathematicians who served a vital role in NASA during the early years of the U.S. space program.The story of a team of female African-American mathematicians who served a vital role in NASA during the early years of the U.S. space program.The story of a team of female African-American mathematicians who served a vital role in NASA during the early years of the U.S. space program. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 214K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,211 5 Director Theodore Melfi Writers Allison Schroeder(screenplay by) Theodore Melfi(screenplay by) Margot Lee Shetterly(based on the book by) Stars Taraji P. Henson Octavia Spencer Janelle Monáe Top credits Director Theodore Melfi Writers Allison Schroeder(screenplay by) Theodore Melfi(screenplay by) Margot Lee Shetterly(based on the book by) Stars Taraji P. Henson Octavia Spencer Janelle Monáe See production, box office & company info 559User reviews 435Critic reviews 74Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 3 Oscars 36 wins & 94 nominations total Videos32 Trailer 2:28 Trailer #2 Trailer 3:15 Official Trailer Trailer 3:04 Hidden Figures Clip 0:58 Re Assigned Clip 0:53 Its The Starter Clip 1:07 Make You The First Clip 1:20 Give Or Take Clip 0:41 Already Be One Clip 1:10 Russian Spy Clip 0:40 New Computer Clip 0:56 Slice Of Pie Clip 0:59 We Wear Glasses Photos140 Top cast Edit Taraji P. Henson Katherine G. Johnsonas Katherine G. Johnson Octavia Spencer Dorothy Vaughanas Dorothy Vaughan Janelle Monáe Mary Jacksonas Mary Jackson Kevin Costner Al Harrisonas Al Harrison Kirsten Dunst Vivian Mitchellas Vivian Mitchell Jim Parsons Paul Staffordas Paul Stafford Mahershala Ali Colonel Jim Johnsonas Colonel Jim Johnson Aldis Hodge Levi Jacksonas Levi Jackson Glen Powell John Glennas John Glenn Kimberly Quinn Ruthas Ruth Olek Krupa Karl Zielinskias Karl Zielinski Kurt Krause Sam Turneras Sam Turner Ken Strunk Jim Webbas Jim Webb Lidya Jewett Young Katherine Colemanas Young Katherine Coleman Donna Biscoe Mrs. Joylette Colemanas Mrs. Joylette Coleman Ariana Neal Joylette Johnsonas Joylette Johnson Saniyya Sidney Constance Johnsonas Constance Johnson Zani Jones Mbayise Kathy Johnsonas Kathy Johnson Director Theodore Melfi Writers Allison Schroeder(screenplay by) Theodore Melfi(screenplay by) Margot Lee Shetterly(based on the book by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 Hidden Figures: It All Adds Up - The Making of Hidden Figures 8.0 The Help 7.6 The Blind Side 7.1 Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: Before Harry Potter 8.0 Lion 7.7 The Theory of Everything 7.6 Gifted 7.4 Molly's Game 7.6 The Greatest Showman 8.0 The Imitation Game 7.6 A Star Is Born 8.0 The King's Speech Storyline Edit As the United States raced against Russia to put a man in space, NASA found untapped talent in a group of African-American female mathematicians that served as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in U.S. history. Based on the unbelievably true life stories of three of these women, known as "human computers", we follow these women as they quickly rose the ranks of NASA alongside many of history's greatest minds specifically tasked with calculating the momentous launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit, and guaranteeing his safe return. Dorothy Vaughan, Mary Jackson, and Katherine Gobels Johnson crossed all gender, race, and professional lines while their brilliance and desire to dream big, beyond anything ever accomplished before by the human race, firmly cemented them in U.S. history as true American heroes. —20th Century Fox 1960sspace programsegregationracismnasa177 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Meet the women you don't know, behind the mission you do. Genres Biography Drama History Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic elements and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Astronaut John Glenn did specifically request that Katherine Johnson review all of the calculations for the Friendship 7 mission - (his dialogue in the film based on actual NASA transcripts*) - before he could be confident enough to proceed, but which in reality actually occurred a few weeks before launch: not as depicted in the film whilst awaiting the actual launch. And Katherine Johnson's calculations (more realistically) actually took (just!) three days to confirm. (*Director's own DVD commentary information.) Goofs The drama of John Glenn's malfunctioning heat shield was not followed in real time by the U.S. public as depicted to dramatic effect in the film. During the Mercury program, NASA was acutely aware of the public relations importance of the space program, and Mission Control staff were focused on dealing with the fault and not on feeding news releases promptly to the media while the problem was actively being resolved. Despite the 3-orbit / 7-orbit confusion, most if not all civilian Americans were unaware of the malfunction until long after Glenn had safely splashed down. Quotes Al Harrison: Here at NASA we all pee the same color. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Robert De Niro/Pharrell Williams & Kim Burrell (2016) Soundtracks Crave Written and Performed by Pharrell Williams Pharrell Williams performs courtesy of i am OTHER Entertainment/Columbia Records User reviews559 Review Top review 9/10 Exceptional, Jarring, and Thought-Provoking Unsung Heroes Not knowing what to expect, I checked out to see how the story of three female individuals made a difference at NASA back in 1961. I've witnessed in past historical dramas of where racism included violence, but that is not the case regarding Hidden Figures. Rather it focused more on how it was overcome in casual, everyday life (especially the workplace). The story revolves around three brilliant African-American women by the names of Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson as they live their lives working at NASA among a nearly all-white staff. Despite segregation still circulating at the time, each of them proved that no matter what color they were, it's their intellect and willpower that got them through each obstacle of the day and also helped make history for astronaut John Glenn to be the first American astronaut to completely orbit the Earth. With an interesting balance of wit and drama, I found its tribulations to be the main focus. Since the movie was based on true events, to me it felt like a wonderful tie-in to the 2014 drama "Selma" since that too revolved around a time when people marched to spread the word of ending segregation. But unlike Selma where black people and Dr. Martin Luther King fought for the right to vote, Hidden Figures tackled both the obstacles of racism and even sexism in of all places NASA. It was very jarring to see that despite the characters' extensive knowledge in their work and upon receiving their own respective degrees in their studies, it's still looked down upon by the self- righteous higher-ups. Taraji P. Henson (Empire) sure brought out a splendid performance as mathematician Katherine Johnson. Likewise for her costars Octavia Spencer (The Help) and Janelle Monae as they helped balance the drama, including sass to boot. Kevin Costner and 'Big Bang Theory' star Jim Parsons also helped give some depth (though I wouldn't call them antagonists) in these women's lives. Personally, I enjoyed the events that unfolded overall. When it came to the racial undertones and confrontations in a few scenes, myself and a few others in the theater old or young were left curious and appalled at the same time by how this was a thing in the 1960s compared to the present. It's sure to go far with various accolades. The moral: If you put your mind to it, things can be accomplished no matter how many would say otherwise. helpful•59 60 valen060 Jan 12, 2017 FAQ2 Why did Katherine take her work with her to the "colored women's" restroom if she knew she had to get back to the large workroom in a hurry ? Details Edit Release date January 6, 2017 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 隐藏人物 Filming locations East Point, Georgia, USA Production companies Fox 2000 Pictures Chernin Entertainment Levantine Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $169,607,287 Opening weekend US & Canada $515,499 Dec 25, 2016 Gross worldwide $235,956,898 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 7 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Auro 11.1 SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news More ‘Help’ at the Oscars? 6 actresses from the 2011 hit are in the running Nov 12Gold Derby Win Free Passes To The St. Louis Advanced Screening Of King Richard – Stars Will Smith Nov 11WeAreMovieGeeks.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Hidden Figures (2016)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.