Home Alone (1990) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099785/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_61
Home Alone (1990) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Home Alone 19901990 PGPG 1h 43m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 513K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 61 168 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:39 12 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyFamily An eight-year-old troublemaker must protect his house from a pair of burglars when he is accidentally left home alone by his family during Christmas vacation.An eight-year-old troublemaker must protect his house from a pair of burglars when he is accidentally left home alone by his family during Christmas vacation.An eight-year-old troublemaker must protect his house from a pair of burglars when he is accidentally left home alone by his family during Christmas vacation. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 513K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 61 168 Director Chris Columbus Writer John Hughes Stars Macaulay Culkin Joe Pesci Daniel Stern Top credits Director Chris Columbus Writer John Hughes Stars Macaulay Culkin Joe Pesci Daniel Stern See production, box office & company info 522User reviews 104Critic reviews 63Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 11 wins & 6 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 0:39 Home Alone Trailer 2:12 Home Alone Clip 1:07 'Home Alone' | Pop Trivia Clip 3:20 Hidden Gems to Watch on Disney+ Clip 3:02 'Home Alone': 5 Things You Didn't Know Clip 2:06 Holiday Movies and TV Specials That Get You in the Spirit Clip 4:01 The Return of Macaulay Culkin Full Episode 3:11 What Are These Stars Watching This Holiday Season? Video 3:33 What's Your Favorite Scene From a Holiday Movie? Video 2:34 Which 8 Christmas Movies Almost Had Completely Different Stars? Video 1:29 The Watchlist With Kay Cannon Video 2:21 Dates in Movie & TV History: Dec. 22 - Kevin Left Home Alone Photos169 Top cast Edit Macaulay Culkin Kevinas Kevin Joe Pesci Harryas Harry Daniel Stern Marvas Marv John Heard Peteras Peter Roberts Blossom Marleyas Marley Catherine O'Hara Kateas Kate Angela Goethals Linnieas Linnie Devin Ratray Buzzas Buzz Gerry Bamman Uncle Frankas Uncle Frank Hillary Wolf Meganas Megan John Candy Gus Polinskias Gus Polinski Larry Hankin Officer Balzakas Officer Balzak Michael C. Maronna Jeffas Jeff Kristin Minter Heatheras Heather Diana Rein Sondraas Sondra (as Daiana Campeanu) Jedidiah Cohen Rodas Rod Kieran Culkin Fulleras Fuller Senta Moses Mikan Tracyas Tracy (as Senta Moses) Director Chris Columbus Writer John Hughes All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 Home Alone 2: Lost in New York 4.5 Home Alone 3 6.6 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory 3.5 Home Alone: The Holiday Heist 7.0 Elf 3.5 Home Sweet Home Alone 2.8 Home Alone 4 7.0 Jumanji 7.7 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 7.5 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix 7.4 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets 6.4 Night at the Museum Storyline Edit It is Christmas time and the McCallister family is preparing for a vacation in Paris, France. But the youngest in the family, Kevin (Macaulay Culkin), got into a scuffle with his older brother Buzz (Devin Ratray) and was sent to his room, which is on the third floor of his house. Then, the next morning, while the rest of the family was in a rush to make it to the airport on time, they completely forgot about Kevin, who now has the house all to himself. Being home alone was fun for Kevin, having a pizza all to himself, jumping on his parents' bed, and making a mess. Then, Kevin discovers about two burglars, Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), about to rob his house on Christmas Eve. Kevin acts quickly by wiring his own house with makeshift booby traps to stop the burglars and to bring them to justice. —John Wiggins christmashome aloneslapstick comedyburglarychild protagonist252 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Holy cow! Genres Comedy Family Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Joe Pesci deliberately avoided Macaulay Culkin on-set, because he wanted Culkin to think he was mean. Goofs Kevin has a pizza delivered to the house even though the phones are supposed to down. There is never any indication of if or when the phones were restored, but in the scene immediately before, Kevin's father was trying to reach Kevin. Quotes Check-Out Woman: Are you here all by yourself? Kevin McCallister: Ma'am, I'm eight years old. You think I would be here alone? I don't think so. Check-Out Woman: Where's your mom? Kevin McCallister: My mom's in the car. Check-Out Woman: Where's your father? Kevin McCallister: He's at work. Check-Out Woman: What about your brothers and your sisters? Kevin McCallister: I'm an only child. Check-Out Woman: Where do you live? Kevin McCallister: Uh, I can't tell you that. Check-Out Woman: Why not? Kevin McCallister: Because you're a stranger. Alternate versions When aired on YTV, the older airings had the word "Ass" being redubbed with "Butt" but more recent airings just kept the original unedited word. Connections Edited into 5 Second Movies: Home Alone (2008) Soundtracks Somewhere in My Memory Music by John Williams Lyrics by Leslie Bricusse User reviews522 Review Top review The Best Christmas Film of the Past 20 Years "Home Alone" is a hilarious film about a young boy (Macaulay Culkin) who is accidently left home during the Christmas holidays after the rest of his family goes to Europe. At first Culkin loves the situation, but soon he is scared to death when he learns that burglars Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern are targeting his house. However, Culkin is pretty smart for an eight-year-old and he has plans for them when they attack. Chris Columbus' direction is smart and so is the over-achieving screenplay. This film has a little bit of something for everyone and the fact that the backdrop is the Christmas holidays, only makes it that much more special. All the performers do well and in the end the film also does. 4 stars out of 5. helpful•85 21 tfrizzell Nov 4, 2000 FAQ22 In the beginning of the movie, where was Marv at when Harry showed up at the McCallisters' house as a police officer? Have somebody discovered that Harry was disguised as a Police officer? The Extra Behind Kevin's mom in the Airport is Elvis Priesley as an Extra? Details Edit Release date November 16, 1990 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Sam u kuci Filming locations 671 Lincoln Avenue, Winnetka, Illinois, USA Production companies Twentieth Century Fox Hughes Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $18,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $285,761,243 Opening weekend US & Canada $17,081,997 Nov 18, 1990 Gross worldwide $476,684,675 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 43 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Home Sweet Home Alone Ending Explained: Home Is Another Word For Family Nov 14Slash Film Classic Christmas Movies Guide: Where to Watch It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street, Elf, Die Hard and Others Nov 14TVLine.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.