Hotel Rwanda (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0395169/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_233
Hotel Rwanda (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Hotel Rwanda 20042004 PG-13PG-13 2h 1m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 345K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,031 320 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play clip1:29 Don Cheadle on the Role That Changed His Life 2 Videos 38 Photos BiographyDramaHistory Paul Rusesabagina, a hotel manager, houses over a thousand Tutsi refugees during their struggle against the Hutu militia in Rwanda, Africa.Paul Rusesabagina, a hotel manager, houses over a thousand Tutsi refugees during their struggle against the Hutu militia in Rwanda, Africa.Paul Rusesabagina, a hotel manager, houses over a thousand Tutsi refugees during their struggle against the Hutu militia in Rwanda, Africa. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 345K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,031 320 Director Terry George Writers Keir Pearson Terry George Stars Don Cheadle Sophie Okonedo Joaquin Phoenix Top credits Director Terry George Writers Keir Pearson Terry George Stars Don Cheadle Sophie Okonedo Joaquin Phoenix See production, box office & company info 693User reviews 157Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #233 Nominated for 3 Oscars 16 wins & 49 nominations total Videos2 Clip 1:29 Don Cheadle on the Role That Changed His Life Video 2:31 Which Roles Did Samuel L. Jackson Turn Down? Photos38 Top cast Edit Don Cheadle Paul Rusesabaginaas Paul Rusesabagina Sophie Okonedo Tatiana Rusesabaginaas Tatiana Rusesabagina Joaquin Phoenix Jack Daglishas Jack Daglish Xolani Mali Policemanas Policeman Desmond Dube Dubeas Dube Hakeem Kae-Kazim George Rutagandaas George Rutaganda Tony Kgoroge Gregoireas Gregoire Rosie Motene Receptionistas Receptionist Neil McCarthy Jean Jacquesas Jean Jacques Mabutho 'Kid' Sithole Head Chefas Head Chef (as Kid Sithole) Nick Nolte Colonel Oliveras Colonel Oliver Fana Mokoena General Bizimunguas General Bizimungu Jeremiah Ndlovu Old Guardas Old Guard Lebo Mashile Odetteas Odette Antonio David Lyons Thomas Miramaas Thomas Mirama Leleti Khumalo Fedensas Fedens Kgomotso Seitshohlo Anaisas Anais Lerato Mokgotho Carineas Carine Director Terry George Writers Keir Pearson Terry George All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 12 Years a Slave 8.1 Into the Wild 8.1 Dead Poets Society 8.2 Der Untergang 8.1 Million Dollar Baby 8.1 Rocky 8.1 Platoon 8.1 Spotlight 8.1 Gran Torino 8.2 Eskiya 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.1 Jurassic Park Storyline Edit 1994. In Rwanda, the classification of the native population into Hutus and Tutsis, arbitrarily done by the colonial Belgians, is now ingrained within Rwandan mentality despite the Rwandan independence. Despite the Belgians having placed the Tutsis in a higher position during the Belgian rule, they have placed the majority Hutus in power after independence. Paul Rusesabagina, a Hutu married to a Tutsi, Tatiana Rusesabagina, is the House Manager of the Hotel Des Milles Collines in Kigali. The Milles Collines, owned by Sabena (the national airline of Belgium), is a four-star hotel catering primarily to wealthy white westerners. Paul, who knows how to work the system to run the hotel effectively for its guests and for Sabena, is proud that most of the Caucasians who he meets in this professional capacity treat him with respect. After a specific incident, the relative calm between the Tutsi guerrillas and government-backed Hutu militia takes a turn. Paul's thought that the native population as a whole who are not directly involved in the conflict will be protected as the UN peacekeeping forces and thus the world is watching doesn't happen as the western world largely evacuates from Rwanda and abandons the natives. Such begins what will become a genocide of the Tutsi population. Paul, who is able to get his immediate family to the hotel which is still largely seen as a place of sanctuary, will have to use the considerable skills he has used to run the hotel as well as he has instead to keep himself, his family and any others taking refuge at the hotel alive, whether they be Hutu or Tutsi. Meanwhile, Colonel Oliver, a Canadian heading the UN peacekeeping forces, and Pat Archer with the Red Cross do what they can to assist Paul and to get people to safety first to the hotel then out of the country, while field journalists, like photographer Jack Daglish, try to bring the genocide back into the global media to have the world once again care about what is going on. —Huggo rwandabrutalityhatredmass killingkill197 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines When a country descended into madness and the world turned its back, one man had to make a choice Genres Biography Drama History War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 on appeal for violence, disturbing images and brief strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The screenwriter spent one year writing the first draft of the script. During the process, he called the Rwandan embassy in DC. The woman who picked up the phone was a survivor who stayed at the Milles Collines Hotel. Goofs The land now known as the Democratic Republic of the Congo is called "Congo" in the movie. From 1971 until 1997 the country was officially called Zaire and would have been named as such in formal references. On the other hand, this area was known as Congo from 1877 to 1971. It should not be unusual for a character in the movie to refer to it as Congo (e.g. as old habit or custom). Quotes Paul Rusesabagina: I am glad that you have shot this footage and that the world will see it. It is the only way we have a chance that people might intervene. Jack: Yeah and if no one intervenes, is it still a good thing to show? Paul Rusesabagina: How can they not intervene when they witness such atrocities? Jack: I think if people see this footage they'll say, "oh my God that's horrible," and then go on eating their dinners. [pause] Jack: What the hell do I know? Crazy credits Part of the profits from this film shall go to The Rwandese Survivors Fund. Connections Featured in The 62nd Annual Golden Globe Awards 2005 (2005) Soundtracks Umqombothi Written by Attie Van Wyk & Chiccotwala Performed by Yvonne Chaka Chaka Published by Universal Music Publishing Ltd. on behalf of Tela Music Courtesy of Universal Records User reviews693 Review Top review 8/10 Extraordinary film based correctly on real deeds about the brutal genocide 1994 Rwanda,Kigali. Paul Rusesabagina (Don Cheadle) is a Hutu happily married (Sophie Okonedo) and with children .He's a Hotel manager -Millie Collines proprietary of Belgian Airlines : Sabena- and its General Director(Jean Reno) placed in Belgium. Paul is respected for his generosity , charm , friendship and numerous contacts with important people. He's accidentally trapped in violent events when his family and neighbours are threatened to be killed . He gets avoid it by means of bribes with the hope that United Nations (UN) and international forces arrive to preventing the civil war. However the happenings break out again . After assassination President of Rwanda, all get worse. It begins the horrible genocide including rampage , massacres and ravage in Rwanda which is spread along Burundi. Slaughter of Tusis by the Hutu is executed by soldiers and rebels. A journalist (Joaquin Phoenix) get into tumult and will shoot the events to show it all around the world. Paul gets to protect his family and unfortunate refugees at the hotel but others hapless people by the hundred are coming to ask for help. Meanwhile, the refugees Tutsis flee toward Congo to find shelter .The film has an acid critic to the indolence of United Nations (exception for Colonel incarnated by Nick Nolte) and international community and specially , the abandon of the European foreign policy . An interesting and thought-provoking film depicting terrible happenings and based on historical facts . Thus, a character tells that origin conflict is due to Belgians whom in colonization time differentiated the Tutsi as highest and more white complexion and co-governed united the country, now the Hutu are taking the vengeance. It's calculated in the indiscriminate massacre were cruelly killed by militia Interhamwe approximately one million people and in only three month. The bloody conflict finished in 1994 when the Tutsi throw out the Hutu army and militia through the frontier Congo. Leader of Interhamwe was condemned to maxim penalty. Don Cheadle's interpretation is magnificent , he was nominated to Academy Award , although wrongly didn't obtain it . The motion picture well directed by Terry George. Rating : Awesome and above average . Indispensable and essential watching. helpful•18 5 ma-cortes Dec 21, 2005 FAQ1 Why did the International community allow this massacre to occur? Details Edit Release date February 4, 2005 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom South Africa Italy United States Official sites Metropolitan Filmexport (France) MGM/United Artists (United States) Languages English French Kinyarwanda Also known as 卢旺达饭店 Filming locations Kigali, Rwanda Production companies United Artists Lions Gate Films Industrial Development Corporation of South Africa See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $17,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $23,530,892 Opening weekend US & Canada $100,091 Dec 26, 2004 Gross worldwide $33,882,243 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Hotel Rwanda (2004)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.