How to Train Your Dragon (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0892769/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_210
How to Train Your Dragon (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In How to Train Your Dragon 20102010 PGPG 1h 38m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 699K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,561 98 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:26 16 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationActionAdventure A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 699K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,561 98 Directors Dean DeBlois Chris Sanders Writers William Davies(screenplay by) Dean DeBlois(screenplay by) Chris Sanders(screenplay by) Stars Jay Baruchel(voice) Gerard Butler(voice) Christopher Mintz-Plasse(voice) Top credits Directors Dean DeBlois Chris Sanders Writers William Davies(screenplay by) Dean DeBlois(screenplay by) Chris Sanders(screenplay by) Stars Jay Baruchel(voice) Gerard Butler(voice) Christopher Mintz-Plasse(voice) See production, box office & company info 679User reviews 194Critic reviews 75Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #210 Nominated for 2 Oscars 25 wins & 63 nominations total Videos16 Trailer 2:26 How to Train Your Dragon: Trailer #2 Trailer 2:30 How to Train Your Dragon: Trailer #1 Clip 2:37 "Vikings in Training" from How to Train Your Dragon Clip 1:50 "Training Day One: Gronckle" from How to Train Your Dragon Clip 0:57 "Dragon Attack" from How to Train Your Dragon Clip 1:03 "Dragons Aren't Fire Proof" from How to Train Your Dragon Clip 2:42 "Dragon by Dragon" from How to Train Your Dragon Featurette 2:28 How To Train Your Dragon Featurette 2:39 How To Train Your Dragon Featurette 2:35 How To Train Your Dragon Featurette 2:36 How To Train Your Dragon Featurette 2:53 How To Train Your Dragon Photos112 Top cast Edit Jay Baruchel Hiccupas Hiccup (voice) Gerard Butler Stoickas Stoick (voice) Christopher Mintz-Plasse Fishlegsas Fishlegs (voice) Craig Ferguson Gobberas Gobber (voice) America Ferrera Astridas Astrid (voice) Jonah Hill Snotloutas Snotlout (voice) T.J. Miller Tuffnutas Tuffnut (voice) (as TJ Miller) Kristen Wiig Ruffnutas Ruffnut (voice) Robin Atkin Downes Ackas Ack (voice) Philip McGrade Starkardas Starkard (voice) Kieron Elliott Hoark the Haggardas Hoark the Haggard (voice) Ashley Jensen Phlegma the Fierceas Phlegma the Fierce (voice) David Tennant Spiteloutas Spitelout (voice) Directors Dean DeBlois Chris Sanders Writers William Davies(screenplay by) Dean DeBlois(screenplay by) Chris Sanders(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.8 How to Train Your Dragon 2 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 7.5 How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World 8.2 Up 8.1 Inside Out 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.4 WALL·E 8.3 Toy Story 8.5 The Lion King 8.4 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 8.4 Coco Storyline Edit Long ago up North on the Island of Berk, the young Viking, Hiccup, wants to join his town's fight against the dragons that continually raid their town. However, his macho father and village leader, Stoik the Vast, will not allow his small, clumsy, but inventive son to do so. Regardless, Hiccup ventures out into battle and downs a mysterious Night Fury dragon with his invention, but can't bring himself to kill it. Instead, Hiccup and the dragon, whom he dubs Toothless, begin a friendship that would open up both their worlds as the observant boy learns that his people have misjudged the species. But even as the two each take flight in their own way, they find that they must fight the destructive ignorance plaguing their world. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) dragonvikingvillagefather son relationshipisland236 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines One adventure will change two worlds Genres Animation Action Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for sequences of intense action and some scary images, and brief mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The hesitation Toothless shows during the famous "touch" scene was actually an animation error. However, it looked so perfect that the animators chose to leave it in the film. Goofs The Vikings' accent is Scottish, not Scandinavian. However, the Vikings settled large portions of Scotland, including the Inner Hebrides where the fictitious colony of Berk is shown to be located, and this is the movie's way of reminding us of this. Quotes Hiccup: [about the Night Fury] I really did hit one. Gobber: Sure. Hiccup: He never listens! Gobber: Well, it runs in the family. Hiccup: And when he does, it's always with this... disappointed scowl, like someone skimped on the meat in his sandwich. [imitating] Hiccup: "Excuse me, barmaid! I'm afraid you brought me the wrong offspring! I ordered an extra-large boy with beefy arms, extra guts and glory on the side. This here, this is a talking fish-bone!" Gobber: Now, you're thinkin' about this all wrong. It's not so much what you *look* like, it's what's *inside* that he can't stand. [pause] Hiccup: [sarcastic] Thank you for summing that up. Gobber: Look the point is, stop trying so hard to be something you're not! Hiccup: I just wanna be one of you guys! Crazy credits The title doesn't appear on screen until the end. Alternate versions The 2019 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray printing add the 2013 Universal Pictures logo and omits the closing 2002 Paramount Pictures logo. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #18.17 (2010) Soundtracks Sticks and Stones Written by Jon Thor Birgisson (as Jónsi) Performed by Jon Thor Birgisson (as Jónsi) Produced and Mixed by Alex Somers & Jon Thor Birgisson (as Jónsi) Courtesy of EMI Records, Ltd. [Plays over the first part of the main-on-end credits, just after the main title] User reviews679 Review Top review 9/10 Genuinely superb and a step forward in 3D films HTTYD is the latest in a run of animated 3D films to hit the family market. One might be forgiven for feeling a little weary of this genre as the big production studios churn out one "action-packed film with a cute central character and some pretty effects" after another. But wait... HTTYD stands apart from these other attempts for a number of reasons. First, the 3D (Odeon digital in this screening) is moving more toward the subtle with fewer "gratuitous" 3D moments than in movies like Bolt and Coraline. As 3D becomes a staple of high street cinema, directors seem to be finding 3D to be more about adding depth rather than a brief focal-point. That's not to say that there isn't effective use of the 3D wow-factor here; it's just not all the film has to hold attention. Second, a cast of voice talent that does not demand too much consideration of the man/woman behind the microphone is refreshing. Baruchel is not over-playing the sugar or the heroics and, as much as an animated character can be, he is believable and as three-dimensional as the visuals. Butler is not greatly stretched here but manages to stay just the right side of a Mike Myers impression so as not to annoy. How many kids will now think the Vikings were a fearsome race of Americans and Scots? Oh, well! Third, the plot and dialogue. You may not know the plot and I won't spoil it now. It is straightforward stuff but the pace keeps it interesting for kids and the grown-ups. Younger children may be upset at times and I heard a sob or two at the emotional moments. Nothing too heavy here though, it's just a well-written script with as many actual laughs as I have seen in a kids' film. This is one of the best films so far in this prolific genre and it has been made with passion rather than thrown together to cash-in on the thirst for these films, right now. I would urge all ages to see this film in 3D as the textures are extraordinary and you can't help but be charmed by it all. helpful•261 45 velvet_remedy Mar 14, 2010 FAQ2 Is "How to Train Your Dragon" based on a book? Is "Toothless" a male or female ? Details Edit Release date March 26, 2010 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 驯龙高手 Filming locations Chicago Illinois, USA Production companies DreamWorks Animation Mad Hatter Entertainment Vertigo Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $165,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $217,581,231 Opening weekend US & Canada $43,732,319 Mar 28, 2010 Gross worldwide $494,879,471 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘Ron’s Gone Wrong’: Animating a Social Media Twist on a Boy-and-His-Dog Story Oct 25Indiewire Game of Thrones: How The Show Should’ve Ended Oct 16TVovermind.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.