How to Beat the High Cost of Living (1980) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080895/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
How to Beat the High Cost of Living (1980) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In How to Beat the High Cost of Living 19801980 PGPG 1h 45m IMDb RATING 6.1/10 1.6K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:58 1 Video 23 Photos ComedyCrime A caper comedy about three suburban housewives who, in order to beat inflation and subsidize their alimony checks, plot to steal $1 million from a large plastic ball which is displayed in a ... Read allA caper comedy about three suburban housewives who, in order to beat inflation and subsidize their alimony checks, plot to steal $1 million from a large plastic ball which is displayed in a local shopping center.A caper comedy about three suburban housewives who, in order to beat inflation and subsidize their alimony checks, plot to steal $1 million from a large plastic ball which is displayed in a local shopping center. IMDb RATING 6.1/10 1.6K YOUR RATING Rate Director Robert Scheerer Writers Robert Kaufman(screenplay) Leonora Thuna(story) Stars Susan Saint James Jane Curtin Jessica Lange Top credits Director Robert Scheerer Writers Robert Kaufman(screenplay) Leonora Thuna(story) Stars Susan Saint James Jane Curtin Jessica Lange See production, box office & company info 30User reviews 9Critic reviews 30Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos1 Trailer 2:58 Official Trailer Photos23 Top cast Edit Susan Saint James Janeas Jane Jane Curtin Elaineas Elaine Jessica Lange Louiseas Louise Richard Benjamin Albertas Albert Eddie Albert Maxas Max Cathryn Damon Natalieas Natalie Dabney Coleman Jack Heintzelas Jack Heintzel Fred Willard Robertas Robert Art Metrano Gas Station Attendantas Gas Station Attendant Ronnie Schell Bill Pikeas Bill Pike Michael Bell Tomas Tom Sybil Danning Charlotteas Charlotte Al Checco Tim Lundyas Tim Lundy Susan Tolsky Pattyas Patty Garrett Morris Power & Light Manas Power & Light Man David Lunney Leon - Stage Manageras Leon - Stage Manager Michael K. Daly Sheriff - Antique Storeas Sheriff - Antique Store Byron Morrow Charlie Goldringas Charlie Goldring Director Robert Scheerer Writers Robert Kaufman(screenplay) Leonora Thuna(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.4 Crimes of the Heart 5.8 Hello Down There 7.1 Sweet Dreams 5.5 Harry and Walter Go to New York 6.8 Kate & Allie 6.2 The Killing Kind 6.3 For Pete's Sake 5.8 Modern Girls 6.4 The Owl and the Pussycat 6.7 Fortune and Men's Eyes 6.7 A Very Natural Thing 6.3 Twenty Bucks Storyline Edit Oregon, 1980: Jane, Elaine and Louise are all feeling the effects of inflation and cannot afford, as the title states, the high cost of living. Jane cannot afford a babysitter or get married and if she wants privacy with her boyfriend, she has to sleep in the car. Even worse, her war veteran father comes to live with her to turn her life upside down. Louise lives a happy life with her veterinarian husband, Albert. She runs an antique shop on the side, but since it doesn't take in any profit, the IRS considers it a hobby. She needs to come up with the money to keep it going, or she will be trouble with the IRS. Elaine's husband has left her for another woman and without any money. She is in a constant struggle with banks, power companies, and gas stations. She needs money to get by and also catches the eye of police officer Jack. The local mall is having a contest that features a giant money ball that states it will help fight the inflation. Elaine comes up with a plan to steal the money out of it and split it three ways with Jane and Louise. Of course, one catastrophe after another tries to keep them from achieving their goal. —Pat McCurry stripteasedaylight robberybare breastscarautomobile14 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines They're No Angels Genres Comedy Crime Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia As an outdoor scene was being filmed, a man drove by and yelled, "Jane, you ignorant slut!" in reference to Jane Curtin's and Dan Aykroyd's "Point/Counterpoint" running skit on Saturday Night Live (1975), and the crew cracked up laughing. Goofs Jane claims to be familiar with paddling a canoe yet she sits in the wrong end when she begins to paddle it away while stealing it. Quotes Elaine: [Louise has just jumped in the water to get the bag of money] I thought you said you couldn't swim! Louise: [flailing her arms] I can't! Elaine: [groans] Ok, You'll go get the money bag and I'll save the genius. Jane: You know, we could split up the money right now... Elaine: SWIM! NOW! Alternate versions Video versions edit a scene where Jessica Lange's character is hiding in the shoe store bathroom while one of the stage show performers comes in and uses it. It cuts off just as she notices the footsteps. The scene is most likely eliminated because the guy was singing and the song might be copyrighted. Connections Featured in Vintage Video: How to Beat the High Cost of Living (1980) (2020) User reviews30 Review Top review *really* funny blast from the past For some reason, a slew of movies in 1980 mark a turning point in my developmental teen years: 9 to 5, A Coal Miner's Daughter, Private Benjamin, et.al. HTBTHCOL is yet another...one that took a long time to eventually come out on DVD. It's even funnier than I'd remembered. While the story is good and the acting is ok, it's the cultural references circa 1980 that totally make the movie work for me (I'm 36 yrs old in '04). Jane Curtain's '80 Cutlass sucking gas, her oh-so-'70s contemporary house--complete with green bedspread and Buick-sized answering machine, the endless references to inflation, the grocery store cashier actually saying the name of each item before ringing it up by hand ("toy gun, $1.95..."), etc. Jane Curtain actually does give the best performance, not only for her manic attempts to find cash, but for her impromptu striptease ("are you ready to see 1985, or should we skip right to 1990?"). The chemistry between Jane and Jessica Lange's character is quite good. Poor Susan Saint James...her character is annoying, whiny, and basically she serves as the Curly of this trio. (Yeah, I'd bring my kids to rob a store too...) In all, this is a cute, silly time capsule to the dark days of inflation, 17% mortgage interest rates, slanted wood houses with lots of poorly utilized space, ferns, etc. One funny note: Jane Curtain's character makes numerous references to prostitution (to the gas station attendant, to the gals at the restaurant, and to Jack--the copy played by Dabney Coleman). helpful•9 1 shlevine Mar 8, 2004 Details Edit Release date July 11, 1980 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as How to Beat the High Co$t of Living Filming locations Valley River Center - 293 Valley River Center, Eugene, Oregon, USA Production companies Cinema 77 Stage III Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $7,500,000 Gross worldwide $7,500,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek How Shelley, Formerly Known as D.R.A.M., Found His True Voice Apr 30Rollingstone.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was How to Beat the High Cost of Living (1980) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.