I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry (2007) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0762107/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry (2007) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry 20072007 PG-13PG-13 1h 55m IMDb RATING 5.9/10 145K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,593 1,250 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:34 3 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyRomance Two straight, single Brooklyn firefighters pretend to be a gay couple in order to receive domestic partner benefits.Two straight, single Brooklyn firefighters pretend to be a gay couple in order to receive domestic partner benefits.Two straight, single Brooklyn firefighters pretend to be a gay couple in order to receive domestic partner benefits. IMDb RATING 5.9/10 145K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,593 1,250 Director Dennis Dugan Writers Barry Fanaro(screenplay) Alexander Payne(screenplay) Jim Taylor(screenplay) Stars Adam Sandler Kevin James Jessica Biel Top credits Director Dennis Dugan Writers Barry Fanaro(screenplay) Alexander Payne(screenplay) Jim Taylor(screenplay) Stars Adam Sandler Kevin James Jessica Biel See production, box office & company info 277User reviews 177Critic reviews 37Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 14 nominations Videos3 Trailer 0:34 I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry Clip 0:32 I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry Interview 0:28 I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry Photos247 Top cast Edit Adam Sandler Chuck Levineas Chuck Levine Kevin James Larry Valentineas Larry Valentine Jessica Biel Alex McDonoughas Alex McDonough Dan Aykroyd Captain Tuckeras Captain Tucker Ving Rhames Fred G. Duncanas Fred G. Duncan Steve Buscemi Clint Fitzeras Clint Fitzer Nicholas Turturro Renaldo Pineraas Renaldo Pinera Allen Covert Steveas Steve Rachel Dratch Benefits Supervisor Sara Powersas Benefits Supervisor Sara Powers Richard Chamberlain Councilman Banksas Councilman Banks Nick Swardson Kevin McDonoughas Kevin McDonough Blake Clark Crazy Homeless Manas Crazy Homeless Man Mary Pat Gleason Teresaas Teresa Matt Winston Glen Aldrichas Glen Aldrich Lance Bass Band Leaderas Band Leader Dave Matthews Salesmanas Salesman Dan Patrick NY Copas NY Cop Rob Corddry Jim the Protestoras Jim the Protestor Director Dennis Dugan Writers Barry Fanaro(screenplay) Alexander Payne(screenplay) Jim Taylor(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.8 Mr. Deeds 5.5 You Don't Mess with the Zohan 6.4 Big Daddy 6.0 Grown Ups 6.4 The Longest Yard 5.3 Little Nicky 6.4 Click 6.8 50 First Dates 6.2 Anger Management 5.4 Grown Ups 2 6.2 The Waterboy 5.5 That's My Boy Storyline Edit Chuck Levine and Larry Valentine are friends and Brooklyn firefighting partners. Widower Larry, who still mourns the death of his wife Paula, is having problems changing the beneficiary on his insurance policy from Paula's name to his children's. He is worried about his children's future if he were to be killed in the line of duty, and is contemplating quitting his job for something less risky, but he also does not want to forfeit his firefighter's pension as he also see it as a safety net for his children. Larry saves Chuck's life on one of their calls. So when Chuck tells Larry that he owes him one, Larry takes him up on his offer. Larry's favor: despite both being heterosexual, that they enter into a domestic partnership, in name and paper only, to provide that much needed protection for Larry's children. Chronic womanizer Chuck reluctantly but eventually agrees. The one person who knows for a certainty that they are both straight is their boss, Captain Phineas J. Tucker. Their plan hits a snag when Larry believes that they are being investigated by the pension department for possible fraud, which means that Chuck has to move in with him and his kids. They consult the advice of a lawyer, Alex McDonough, who adds an extra layer of complexity to the situation as Chuck in particular is attracted to her and believes she could be the one and only for him. Her legal advice coupled with her wanting Chuck to be her new best girlfriend makes it even harder on him. —Huggo insurancewomanizerhand gesture imitating sexcamera focus on cleavageporn magazine169 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines They're straight as can be, but don't tell anyone. Genres Comedy Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for crude sexual content throughout, nudity, language and drug references Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Dan Aykroyd approached Adam Sandler and respectfully requested to change some of his lines. Sandler thought the material Aykroyd came up with was hilarious, so he was allowed to do so. Goofs Cincinnati spelled incorrectly as "Cincinatti" on the picture in Chuck's house. Quotes Asian Minister: Now place the ring on his hand. A ring is like a circle, it goes on forever. It's not like a triangle, triangle have corners. It's like a circle. Alternate versions A kiss between the two main characters (both male) were cut from The United States version of the film to obtain a PG-13 rating. Connections Featured in 2007 MTV Movie Awards (2007) Soundtracks Seven One Eight Written by Matt Goias, Keith Grady Performed by Fannypack Courtesy of Tommy Boy Entertainment By arrangement with Shelly Bay Music User reviews277 Review Top review 6/10 I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry is partly offensive, partly silly, and pretty funny I have a gay friend who doesn't fit the stereotype in that he loves the WWE and usually watches crude comedies like this latest Adam Sandler comedy. Many critics have called this movie offensive because of many homophobic jokes that abound as well as the Asian stereotype that Sandler's friend Rob Schneider plays as a Canadian wedding preacher. Well, since I'm Asian-American and I know Schneider is half so, I admit I wasn't very amused by his portrayal but I also decided maybe Rob thought so and decided, "What the hell!" and went for it. But many of the homophobic jokes do work and is partly redeemed by some gay humor that seemed more silly than offensive and some were even hilarious. Besides Schneider, other former SNLers to appear include David Spade, Rachel Dratch, and original cast member Dan Aykroyd. All have some moments. Also appearing are Steve Buscemi, Ving Rhames in a performance you won't believe (or maybe you will depending what you think he's capable of), and a couple of celebrities that recently came out, Lance Bass and Richard Chamberlain. And Keven James isn't bad either! Overall, based on bad reviews, I dreaded this movie but I laughed enough and enjoyed enough to at least recommend this to anyone who can laugh at almost anything. P.S. My gay friend absolutely loved this! helpful•22 28 tavm Jul 21, 2007 FAQ5 Was Rob Schneider the Asian priest? Were Chuck and Larry really gay? Details Edit Release date July 20, 2007 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Paramount (France) Universal (United States) Language English Also known as Yo los declaro marido y... Larry Filming locations Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada Production companies Universal Pictures Relativity Media Happy Madison Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $85,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $120,059,556 Opening weekend US & Canada $34,233,750 Jul 22, 2007 Gross worldwide $187,134,117 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 55 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New On Amazon Prime Video For November 2021: Daily Listings For Streaming TV, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry (2007) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.