IMDb STARmeter Awards - IMDb STARmeter Award Recipients - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/starmeterawards/starmeter-award-winners/ls085973562/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=48ec748b-5e3f-445b-bda7-2689a890b750&pf_rd_r=BNTB33X6TAS8JN5BF1CM&pf_rd_s=center-6&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=starmeterawards&ref_=fea_sma_star_winner_3pk_sm
IMDb STARmeter Awards - IMDb STARmeter Award Recipients - IMDb IMDb STARmeter Award Recipients Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In IMDb STARmeter AWARDS HOME VIDEO IMDb STARmeter Award Recipients by IMDb-Editors | last updated - 1 month ago IMDb STARmeter Awards recognize the stars who are fan favorites on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, determined by the page views of the more than 200 million unique monthly visitors to IMDb worldwide. 29 images 1 Regé-Jean Page | Breakout Star 2021 Regé-Jean Page surged to the top of the IMDbPro STARmeter chart in early 2021, fueled by his role as Simon Basset in the hit Netflix series "Bridgerton" and his performance in the Amazon Studios film Sylvie’s Love. Page ranked #1on the STARmeter chart for most of January 2021, while "Bridgerton" continues to trend as a top series on the IMDbPro rankings of TV and streaming shows since its release on Christmas Day 2020. People: Regé-Jean Page 2 Natasha Bharadwaj | Breakout Star 2021 Natasha Bharadwaj recently surged on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, fueled by her role as Dr. Diya Parekh on the hit Amazon Prime Video series "Mumbai Diaries 26/11." First delighting audiences as a contestant on India’s Next Superstars, Bharadwaj went on to join the cast of MX Player’s "Pawan & Pooja" as title character Pooja. Mumbai Diaries 26/11, a medical drama following hospital workers during the 2008 Mumbai attacks, is currently trending as one of the top web series in India and has an IMDb user rating of 8.8/10 as of October 6, 2021. People: Natasha Bharadwaj 3 Anya Chalotra | Breakout Star 2020 Actress Anya Chalotra received an IMDb “Breakout” STARmeter Award for her standout performance as Yennefer in “The Witcher,” which ranks as one of IMDb’s Most Popular TV Shows of 2020. Chalotra has been a strong performer this year on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, spending four consecutive weeks in the No. 1 spot and an additional four weeks elsewhere in the Top 10. People: Anya Chalotra 4 Daisy Edgar-Jones | Breakout Star 2020 British actress Daisy Edgar-Jones has received an IMDb “Breakout” STARmeter Award for her performance as Marianne in "Normal People," which ranks as the #3 new show of the year so far and #9 overall in the Top 10 Television Shows of 2020 so far, based on IMDb user ratings. People: Daisy Edgar-Jones 5 Amy Ryan | Fan Favorite 2020 Amy Ryan has been a strong performer on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, fueled by her performances in Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance), "The Wire," "The Office," and more, as well as recent performances in the films Worth and Lost Girls, both of which premiered at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival. People: Amy Ryan Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for IMDb © 2020 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 6 Nicholas Braun | Breakout Star 2020 Nicholas Braun has been a strong performer on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, fueled by his role as Cousin Greg in the HBO series "Succession" and his performance in recent film Zola, which premiered at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival. Titles: The IMDb Studio at Acura Festival Village People: Nicholas Braun Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for IMDb © 2020 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 7 Rachel Brosnahan | Fan Favorite 2020 Rachel Brosnahan has been a strong performer on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart in recent years, fueled by her Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award-winning performance in Amazon Studios’ "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel" and with her performance in the film Ironbark, which premiered at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival. Titles: The IMDb Studio at Acura Festival Village People: Rachel Brosnahan Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for IMDb © 2020 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 8 Dacre Montomery | Breakout Star 2019 IMDb No. 5 Top Star and No. 2 Breakout Star Dacre Montgomery (Stranger Things) received a 2019 IMDb STARmeter Award in the “Breakout Star” category during a visit to the set of “The IMDb Show.” Fueled by his performance in Seasons 2 and 3 of "Stranger Things," Dacre has been a top performer on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart in recent years, including multiple weeks in the No. 1 spot. People: Dacre Montgomery Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for IMDb © 2019 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 9 Priyanka Chopra Jonas | Fan Favorite and Top Star of Indian Cinema 2020 Actress and producer Priyanka Chopra Jonas has been a strong performer on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart in recent years, fueled by her performances in "Baywatch," Bajirao Mastani, Mary Kom and Don 2. She has more than 60 acting credits on IMDb, including many popular Bollywood films. Her film The Sky is Pink premiered worldwide at the Toronto International Film Festival. People: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for IMDb © 2019 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 10 Riz Ahmed | Breakout Star 2019 Riz Ahmed has been a strong performer on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart in recent years, fueled by his 2016 Emmy Award-winning performance in "The Night Of," his role in 2018’s Venom, and with his role in the film Sound of Metal, alongside previous IMDb Breakout STARmeter Award winner at Toronto, Olivia Cooke. Sound of Metal premiered at the 2019 International Film Festival. People: Riz Ahmed Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for IMDb © 2019 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 11 Alexander Skarsgård | Fan Favorite 2019 With 61 acting credits on IMDb — including seven seasons of HBO’s "True Blood" and additional roles in "Big Little Lies," Melancholia, and The Legend of Tarzan — Alexander Skarsgård is a fan favorite on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart. Skarsgård stars in the upcoming film Godzilla vs. Kong as well as buzzy Stephen King TV adaptation "The Stand." Skarsgård’s brother, Bill, received an IMDb STARmeter Award in January 2018, and they are the first siblings to have each received the award. People: Alexander Skarsgård Photo by Jamie McCarthy © 2019 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 12 Mindy Kaling | Fan Favorite 2019 With roles in last year’s high-profile Ocean’s Eight and A Wrinkle in Time, actress, writer and producer Mindy Kaling is a fan favorite on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, which is determined by the actual search behavior of the more than 250 million unique monthly visitors worldwide to IMDb and is updated weekly throughout the year for IMDbPro members. Kaling is also known for her work on "The Office" and "The Mindy Project." She wrote, produced and stars in the film Late Night, which made its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival. Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: Mindy Kaling Photo by Rich Polk © 2019 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 13 Jacob Elordi | Breakout Star 2018 Jacob Elordi was named #10 on the IMDb Top 10 Breakout Stars of 2018, as determined by IMDbPro STARmeter data on the page views of the more than 250 million monthly visitors worldwide to IMDb. Shortly after his film The Kissing Booth premiered in May 2018, it ranked as the #6 most popular of all movies and TV shows that week based on IMDbPro data on the page views of IMDb users. People: Jacob Elordi Photo by Rich Polk © 2018 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 14 Olivia Cooke | Breakout Star 2018 Cooke has been a major player this year on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, which is determined by the actual search behavior of the more than 250 million unique monthly visitors worldwide to IMDb and is updated weekly throughout the year for IMDbPro members. She is part of the cast of the film Life Itself, which made its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival 2018, and can also be seen in the upcoming television mini-series "Vanity Fair." Titles: IMDb at Toronto 2018 People: Olivia Cooke Photo by Rich Polk © 2018 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 15 Olivia Munn | Fan Favorite 2018 Munn was ranked #8 as of July 2018 on the IMDbPro STARmeter chart, which is determined by the actual search behavior of the more than 250 million unique monthly visitors worldwide to IMDb and is updated weekly throughout the year for IMDbPro members. Her upcoming film, The Predator, was among the most anticipated movies that year for IMDb users, as determined by the IMDbPro MOVIEmeter chart. Titles: IMDb at San Diego Comic-Con 2018 People: Olivia Munn Photo by Rich Polk © 2018 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 16 John David Washington | Breakout Star 2018 In 2018, John David Washington was determined a star on the rise based on IMDbPro exclusive STARmeter data on the page views of more than 250 million monthly visitors worldwide to IMDb. He starred in Spike Lee’s film BlacKkKlansman, which premiered at the Cannes Film Festival, as well as the David Lowery film The Old Man & the Gun, and has appeared on four seasons of "Ballers" on HBO. He plays a leading role in Christopher Nolan's highly anticipated film, Tenet. People: John David Washington Photo by Nicholas Hunt © 2018 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 17 Pom Klementieff | Breakout Star 2018 Pom Klementieff was named the No. 2 Breakout Star and No. 6 Top Star on the IMDb Top 10 Stars of 2017 list as determined by IMDbPro data on the page views of IMDb’s more than 250 million monthly visitors worldwide, and her film, Avengers: Infinity War, ranked No. 1 on IMDb’s top 10 most-anticipated summer movies of 2018 list as determined by the IMDbPro MOVIEmeter rankings which are also based on the actual page views of IMDb users. People: Pom Klementieff Photo by Rich Polk © 2018 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 18 Bill Skarsgård | Breakout Star 2018 Bill Skarsgård received the IMDb “Fan Favorite” STARmeter Award in The IMDb Studio at the 2018 Sundance Film Festival. Bill Skarsgård was named IMDb’s No. 1 Breakout Star and No. 5 Top Star of 2017, and his film It ranked No. 1 on IMDb’s Top 10 Movies of 2017 list as determined by IMDbPro STARmeter and MOVIEmeter rankings, which are based on the actual page views of IMDb’s more than 250 million monthly unique visitors. Skarsgård starred in Assassination Nation, which made its world premiere in the Midnight section of the Sundance Film Festival. People: Bill Skarsgård Photo by Rich Polk © 2018 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 19 Sverrir Gudnason | Breakout Star 2017 IMDb Founder and CEO Col Needham presented IMDb "Breakout Star" STARmeter Award to Sverrir Gudnason in the IMDb Studio at the Visa Infinite Lounge in Toronto. Sverrir starred in 2017's Borg/McEnroe, which tells the story of the epic rivalry between Swedish tennis legend Björn Borg (Gudnason) and his greatest adversary, the brash American John McEnroe (Shia LaBeouf), which came to a head during the 1980 Wimbledon Championships. Directed by Janus Metz and written by Ronnie Sandahl, the film made its world premiere at TIFF's Opening Night Gala. People: Sverrir Gudnason Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 20 Tatiana Maslany | Fan Favorite 2017 IMDb Founder and CEO Col Needham presented IMDb "Fan Favorites" STARmeter Award to Tatiana Maslany in the IMDb Studio at the Visa Infinite Lounge in Toronto Maslany starred in 2017's Stronger, the inspiring true story of Jeff Bauman (Jake Gyllenhaal), an ordinary man who captured the hearts of his city and the world to become a symbol of hope following the infamous 2013 Boston Marathon bombing. Jeff was at the marathon to try and win back his ex-girlfriend Erin (Maslany). Jeff's deeply personal account of the heroic journey tests a family's bond, defines a community's pride and inspires his inner courage to overcome devastating adversity. The film is directed by David Gordon Green. People: Tatiana Maslany Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 21 Sam Rockwell | Fan Favorite 2017 IMDb Founder and CEO Col Needham presented IMDb "Fan Favorites" STARmeter Award to Sam Rockwell in the IMDb Studio at the Visa Infinite Lounge in Toronto. Sam Rockwell has brought a long roster of unforgettable characters to life, including playing Chuck Barris in Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Nicolas Cage's con artist protégé in Matchstick Men, astronaut Sam Bell in Moon, wrongfully convicted Kenny Waters in Tony Goldwyn's Conviction, and Billy Bickle in Seven Psychopaths. He starred in two films at TIFF in 2017: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri and Woman Walks Ahead. People: Sam Rockwell Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 22 Stan Lee | Lifetime Achievement 2017 Legend Stan Lee (Spider-Man, Iron Man, The Avengers) received the first-ever "IMDb STARmeter Award for Lifetime Achievement" today. IMDb STARmeter Awards recognize entertainment industry luminaries who are fan favorites on IMDbPro's STARmeter chart, which is determined by the actual search behavior of IMDb’s more than 250 million unique monthly visitors worldwide. People: Stan Lee Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 23 Peter Dinklage | Fan Favorite 2017 At the 2017 Sundance Film Festival Peter Dinklage, star of "Game of Thrones," the #1 TV show of 2016 and the previous four years as determined by the page views of IMDb’s more than 250 million monthly customers worldwide, accepted the IMDb STARmeter Award. People: Peter Dinklage Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 24 Felicity Jones | Fan Favorite 2016 Felicity Jones (The Theory of Everything, Like Crazy) received the fourth annual “IMDb STARmeter Award” at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF). Felicity’s IMDb STARmeter award win reflects intense fan interest in her lead roles in Disney/Lucas’ Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, directed by Gareth Edwards; Ron Howard’s Inferno opposite Tom Hanks; and J.A. Bayona’s A Monster Calls opposite Liam Neeson. People: Felicity Jones Photo by Mike Windle © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 25 Bryce Dallas Howard | Breakout Star 2016 IMDb, the #1 movie website in the world, presented Bryce Dallas Howard (Jurassic World, The Help) with "The IMDb STARmeter Award" in 2016. Bryce Dallas Howard premiered Solemates, a short film she wrote and directed, in Park City. She most recently starred in Universal's Jurassic World and will next been seen in Disney's Pete's Dragon with Robert Redford in August 2016 and in Gold with Matthew McConaughey in Fall 2016. People: Bryce Dallas Howard Photo by Angela Weiss © 2016 Angela Weiss - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 26 Brie Larson | Breakout Star 2015 Brie Larson (Trainwreck, Short Term 12) received the “IMDb STARmeter Award” at IMDb’s TIFF 2015 dinner party. This award recognizes the stars who are breakout favorites on IMDbPro’s STARmeter chart, which is determined by the actual search behavior of IMDb’s more than 250 million unique monthly visitors worldwide. Lenny Abrahamson, director of ROOM, and Col Needham, IMDb’s founder and CEO, jointly presented Larson with the award at IMDb’s annual Toronto International Film Festival dinner party. People: Brie Larson Photo by John Shearer © 2015 John Shearer - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 27 Jeffrey Tambor | 2015 Jeffrey Tambor received the “IMDb STARmeter Award” at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. People: Jeffrey Tambor Photo by Jerod Harris © 2015 Jerod Harris - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 28 Miles Teller | 2014 Miles Teller received the “IMDb STARmeter Award” at the 2015 Sundace Film Festival. People: Miles Teller Photo by Jerod Harris © 2014 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 29 Olivia Wilde | Fan Favorite 2013 IMDb, the world’s most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and celebrity content, has announced that actress Olivia Wilde (Rush, Her, Third Person) is the recipient of IMDb’s first-ever “STARmeter Award.” This award recognizes the stars who are perennial favorites on IMDb’s STARmeter chart, which is determined by the actual search behavior of IMDb’s more than 160 million monthly users worldwide. People: Olivia Wilde Photo by Jason Kempin © 2013 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.