IMDb Podcasts - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/podcasts/?ref_=nv_pod
IMDb Podcasts - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In IMDb PODCASTS HOME Movies That Changed My Life What are the movies that had the biggest impact on your favorite celebrities? Check out the picks, and subscribe to our podcast for more! See the picks 2021 Ambies: See the Winners The Ambies celebrate excellence in podcasting and elevate awareness and status of podcasts as a unique and personal medium for entertainment, information, storytelling, and expression. See the list of winners from the inaugural event. See the winners Movies That Changed My Life: Col Needham In this special episode of "Movies That Changed My Life," IMDb's Founder and CEO, Col Needham joins Ian de Borja to discuss and rank their top movies and TV shows of 2020. Keep an eye out for Season 2 of "Movies That Changed My Life," dropping early 2021. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Joel McHale "Community" star Joel McHale joins our podcast with his "Movies That Changed My Life." Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Morena Baccarin Greenland and Deadpool 2 star Morena Baccarin talks with Ian de Borja about her brief time on "The O.C.," getting to watch old movies on a theater screen, and the movies that changed her life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Emmy Raver-Lampman "The Umbrella Academy" star Emmy Raver-Lampman talks with host Ian de Borja about Prince, Hamilton, and the movies that changed her life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Jake Johnson Actor Jake Johnson joins Ian de Borja to discuss his new animated show, "Hoops," his character's future in 'Jurassic World: Dominion,' and the movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Justin Long Actor and podcaster Justin Long joins Ian de Borja to discuss his podcast, "Life is Short with Justin Long," why Marty McFly is the epitome of cool, and the movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Billy Porter Emmy-nominated actor Billy Porter joins Ian de Borja to discuss the historical importance of "Pose," Shakespeare, and the movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: William Jackson Harper William Jackson Harper, Emmy-nominated star of "The Good Place," talks with Ian de Borja about Chidi's final moments on the show, Spike Lee, and the movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Scott Aukerman Scott Aukerman, Emmy-nominated creator of Between Two Ferns: The Movie, chats with Ian de Borja about interviewing Barack Obama, his fascination with improvised films, and the three movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Gillian Jacobs Gillian Jacobs, star of I Used to Go Here and "Community," chats with host Ian de Borja about her first bad review, why she was jealous of Macaulay Culkin growing up, and the three movies that changed her life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: RZA Wu-Tang Clan's RZA joins host Ian de Borja to discuss his upcoming feature Cut Throat City, Darth Vader, and three movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Michael Kenneth Williams Michael Kenneth Williams, star of "Lovecraft Country," talks San Diego Comic-Con, Prince, and the three movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Felicia Day Actor, producer, and best-selling author Felicia Day joins Ian de Borja to talk about "The Guild," Katharine Hepburn, and the movies that changed her life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Chiwetel Ejiofor Academy Award-nominated actor Chiwetel Ejiofor joins us to talk about his love of Ingmar Bergman, his new film The Old Guard, and three movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Chelsea Handler Six-time New York Times bestselling author, comedian, and activist Chelsea Handler joins us to talk about the new paperback release of her book, "Life Will Be the Death of Me... And You Too!" and the three movies that changed her life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Darren Criss Golden Globe and Emmy winner Darren Criss joins us to chat about his love of submarine sandwiches, chasing his heroes, his new show "Royalties," and the three movies that changed his life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Tatiana Maslany Tatiana Maslany shares what to expect in her new HBO series "Perry Mason," which films her "Orphan Black" characters would have been into, and the movies that changed her life. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Judy Greer "Into the Dark" and "Archer" star Judy Greer joins our podcast with her "Movies That Changed My Life." Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Kevin Smith Writer and director Kevin Smith joins our podcast with his "Movies That Changed My Life." Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Movies That Changed My Life: Elle Fanning Elle Fanning, star of "The Great," joins our podcast with her "Movies That Changed My Life." Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now "That Scene with Dan Patrick" Check out the series trailer for "That Scene with Dan Patrick," the new podcast from IMDb and host Dan Patrick available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and Amazon Music. Watch now Movies That Changed My Life: Jeffrey Wright "Westworld" star Jeffrey Wright joins our podcast with his "Movies That Changed My Life." Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and wherever you get your podcasts! Listen now Subscribe to Our Podcasts Today · "That Scene with Dan Patrick" · "Movies That Changed My Life" "Movies That Changed My Life" Episode Guide · Jeffrey Wright · Joel McHale · Elle Fanning · Kevin Smith · Judy Greer · Tatiana Maslany · Darren Criss · Chelsea Handler · Chiwetel Ejiofor · Felicia Day · Michael Kenneth Williams · RZA · Gillian Jacobs · Scott Aukerman · William Jackson Harper · Billy Porter · Justin Long · Jake Johnson · Emmy Raver-Lampman · Morena Baccarin · Col Needham · Edgar Wright · Joel Kinnaman "That Scene with Dan Patrick" Episode Guide · Adam Sandler · Will Ferrell · David Spade · Mira Sorvino · Elisha Cuthbert · Randall Park · Lance Reddick · David Oyelowo · Sophia Lillis · Lena Waithe · Rosie Perez · Bryan Cranston · Peter Billingsley · Lea Thompson · Ralph Macchio Follow Us on Twitter Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.