IMDb: Match All (Sorted by Birth Date Ascending) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/search/name/?match_all=true&sort=birth_date,asc&ref_=rlm
IMDb: Match All
(Sorted by Birth Date Ascending) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Match All (Sorted by Birth Date Ascending) 1-50 of 11,250,468 names. | Next » Sort by: STARmeter | A-Z | Birth Date▲ | Death Date 1. Aristotle 2. Omar Khayyam Strangers Born in a wealthy province of Seljuk-ruled Persia, Omar Khayyam was educated well as a youth and became fascinated by science, especially astronomy and mathematics. He built an observatory and created the Jalalaean Calender that was far more accurate than the Julian Calender in use by his European ... 3. Sophie Oliver Actress | High School Musical: El Desafío SOPHIE OLIVER Actress, singer & TV presenter Sophie is an Argentinian actress & singer, with a great professional background. At the age of 14 Sophie was part of "Cantaniño" produced by TELEFE contenidos in Buenos Aires. She has been part of the TV series in conjunction with Theatre shows and radio... 4. Hildegard von Bingen Soundtrack | Breath of God Vision - Aus dem Leben der Hildegard von Bingen (2009) is a film about her. 5. Paul Rich Producer | You're So Cool, Brewster! The Story of Fright Night 6. Jalaluddin Muhammad Rumi Writer | Rumi: Poet of the Heart Jalaluddin Rumi, Scholar in Religious Sciences and famed Sufi Mystic Poet, was born on September 29th 1207 A.D. in Balkh (modern day Afghanistan). Escaping Mongol invasions he travelled extensively to Muslim lands, Bagdad, Mecca, Damascus, Malatia (Turkey). Married Gevher Khatun of Samarquand and ... 7. Dante Alighieri Writer | The Trophy Case: Judgement Dante Alighieri was born in 1265 into the lower nobility of Florence, to Alighiero di Bellincione d'Alighiero, a moneylender. A precocious student, Dante's education focused on rhetoric and grammar. He also became enamored with a young girl, Beatrice Portinari, whose death in 1290 threw a grieving ... 8. Philippe de Vitry Composer | Aranymadár 9. Sergiy Radonezhskiy 10. Joan of Arc Writer | HBO First Look From "St Joan" by George Bernard Shaw: "We need some mad people, look where the sane ones have got us!". 11. Leonardo Da Vinci Writer | The Year of Living Locked Up The archetypal "Renaissance Man," Leonardo da Vinci was one of the greatest scientific minds as well as one of the greatest visual artists the human race has ever produced. The illegitimate son of a wealthy Florentine notary, Piero da Vinci, and a peasant woman named Caterina, Leonardo was born in ... 12. Niccolò Machiavelli Writer | Monna Vanna Born into a time of extreme political upheaveal, Niccolò Machiavelli was a member of the old Florentine nobility. He received a proper humanistic Renaissance education, and as a young man began the climb up the perilous political ladder of Italy. In 1502 he was sent to Romagna as an envoy to Cesare... 13. Albrecht Dürer Art Department | Unser Sandmännchen The portrait in Dracula (1992) of Count Dracula is modeled after a self-portrait by Dürer, with Gary Oldman's face. 14. Ludovico Ariosto Writer | Orlando furioso Alberto Savinio named his two children after two characters in Ariosto's poem "Orlando Furioso" (1516). 15. Michelangelo Buonarotti Art Department | Yksitoista ihmisen kuvaa Michelangelo Buonarotti was born on March 6, 1475 in Caprese. He is known for his work on Yksitoista ihmisen kuvaa (2012) and Michelangelo (1963). He died on February 18, 1564 in Rome. 16. Raphael Art Department | Parajanov: The Last Spring 17. Martin Luther Soundtrack | Gangs of New York Martin Luther was born on November 10, 1483 in Eisleben, Mansfeld, Holy Roman Empire. He was married to Katherine Von Bora. He died on February 18, 1546 in Eisleben. 18. Henry VIII Soundtrack | L'âge des ténèbres Henry Carey, Henry's rumored son by Anne Boleyn's sister, Mary, was the first patron of William Shakespeare's The Lord Chamberlain's Men. Played by Oscar Negus and Joseph Moore in The Other Boleyn Girl (2008). 19. Marguerite de Navarre Writer | Hry lásky sálivé 20. Pietro Aretino Writer | Der Kaufmann von Venedig 21. Agnolo Firenzuola Writer | Neskolko lyubovnykh istoriy 22. Francois Rabelais Writer | Kraft Television Theatre French satirist. Author of "Gargantua and Pantagruel", the famous medieval epic satire about giants. To date, it has never been filmed or dramatized for television. 23. Hans Sachs Writer | Aufruhr im Schlaraffenland 24. Michel de Nostredame Writer | Nosutoradamusu no daiyogen An apothecary before he began to practice the occult, Michel de Nostredame spent the early part of his career battling outbreaks of the bubonic plague in southern France, and northern Italy. Historians attribute his higher-than-average survival rates to his then-radical practice of personal hygiene... 25. Anton Francesco Grazzini Writer | Neskolko lyubovnykh istoriy 26. Giorgio Vasari Writer | Raphael Superstar 27. Thoinot Arbeau Soundtrack | The Wicker Man 28. Herman Finck Music Department | BBC Proms Composer, organist, university professor, he is the great-nephew of composer Heinrich Finck (1445 - 9 June 1527). 29. John Dee John Dee was born on July 13, 1527 in London, England. He died in December 1608 in Mortlake, Surrey. 30. John Dee Jubilee 31. Ivan the Terrible 32. Michel de Montaigne Writer | Le temps de l'amour 33. Torquato Tasso Writer | La Gerusalemme liberata 34. Tycho Brahe Tycho Brahe was born on December 14, 1546 in Knutstorp Castle, Scania, Denmark, Denmark-Norway as Tyge Ottesen Brahe. He died on October 24, 1601 in Prague, Habsburg Bohemia, Holy Roman Empire [now Czech Republic]. 35. Miguel de Cervantes y Saavedra Writer | Don Quixote Miguel de Cervantes' baptism occurred on October 9, 1547, at Alcala de Henares, Spain, so it is reasonable to assume he was born around that time, and Alcala de Henares has long claimed itself as his birthplace. The son of Rodrigo de Cervantes, an itinerant and not-too-successful surgeon, Miguel ... 36. Edward de Vere Writer | Looking for Desdemona The 17th Earl of Oxford, hereditary Lord Great Chamberlain of England, scion of the noble house of Vere (his ancestor Aubrey received titles and estates from William the Conqueror in 1066). Poet, playwright, and courtier to Queen Elizabeth I, he received his classical education at Cambridge and ... 37. Félix Lope de Vega Writer | Qartuli baletis ostatebi He suffered many family misfortunes during his life. One of his daughters was carried off by a courtier, and another went blind and insane. His son was accidentally drowned. 38. Christopher Marlowe Writer | Doctor Faustus Born the son of a shoe-maker two months before the birth of another famous playwright, William Shakespeare, Christopher Marlowe achieved fame as an Elizabethan dramatist as well as an atheist. He was killed in a tavern brawl by a former friend, allegedly over a bill. There is now some evidence that... 39. William Shakespeare Writer | M the Movie William Shakespeare's birthdate is assumed from his baptism on April 25. His father John was the son of a farmer who became a successful tradesman; his mother Mary Arden was gentry. He studied Latin works at Stratford Grammar School, leaving at about age 15. About this time his father suffered an ... 40. Claudio Monteverdi Soundtrack | Liberal Arts 41. Honoré d'Urfé Writer | Les amours d'Astrée et de Céladon 42. Adriano Banchieri Writer | Hupsut homekorvat 43. Michael Praetorius Soundtrack | Jagten 44. Michelangelo da Caravaggio Actor | Five Revolutionary Painters Michelangelo da Caravaggio was born on September 29, 1571 in Milan, Duchy of Milan, Holy Roman Empire as Michelangelo Merisi. He was an actor, known for Five Revolutionary Painters (1959) and Canvas (1966). He died on July 18, 1610 in Porto Ecole, Grand Duchy of Tuscany, Holy Roman Empire. 45. Johannes Kepler German astronomer who discovered three major laws of planetary motion, conventionally designated as follows: (1) the planets move in elliptical orbits with the Sun at one focus; (2) the time necessary to traverse any arc of a planetary orbit is proportional to the area of the sector between the ... 46. Ben Jonson Soundtrack | Sense and Sensibility Benjamin Jonson was born 1571 as the posthumous son of a Protestant minister. His mother then moved him to Westminster, where she married a bricklayer. He attended a free parish school as a boy, and thanks to the sponsorship of the headmaster, was able to attend Westminster Grammar School. ... 47. Guido Reni Art Department | Sister Wendy at the Norton Simon Museum Painter. Works include the Paoline Chapel of Santa Maria Maggiore, and the Aldobrandini wings of the Vatican. 48. Peter Paul Rubens Art Department | Sister Wendy at the Norton Simon Museum Peter Paul Rubens was born on June 28, 1577 in Siegen, Nassau-Dillenburg, Holy Roman Empire. He is known for his work on Sister Wendy at the Norton Simon Museum (2002) and Visnews (1962). He died on May 30, 1640 in Antwerp, Spanish Netherlands [now Belgium]. 49. John Fletcher Writer | Shakespeare's Globe: The Two Noble Kinsmen Principal dramatist for the King's Men folllowing the death of William Shakespeare. 50. Francisco de Quevedo Writer | La hora bruja 1-50 of 11,250,468 names. | Next » Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.