IMDb Picks - Editors' Picks: Prime Video Originals - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/imdbpicks/prime-video-originals/ls094369917/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=78abfd7a-1ce0-4907-bcd4-8f5840752778&pf_rd_r=PYM6RSV96GCQQWCG2ZVD&pf_rd_s=center-22&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=whats-on-tv&ref_=fea_wot_fam_dop_hd
IMDb Picks - Editors' Picks: Prime Video Originals - IMDb Editors' Picks: Prime Video Originals Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In IMDb PICKS HOME Editors' Picks: Prime Video Originals by IMDb-Editors | last updated - 23 Oct 2020 21 images 1 Borat Subsequent Moviefilm "My wiiife" says my Borat quotes are "very niiice" ... "naaaht." Say what you will about the fourth-best journalist in Kazakhstan, but Borat became part of the venacular in 2006, and his new film ensures he won’t be forgotten any time soon. Coming out in the height of 2020’s political controversies, Borat Subsequent Moviefilm continues to hold up a mirror to the uncomfortable conversations we avoid at Thanksgiving dinner. Though, with the film's emphasis on family (care of newcomer Maria Bakalova as Borat's daughter), we wouldn’t blame you for screening it with yours. Titles: Borat Subsequent Moviefilm: Delivery of Prodigious Bribe to American Regime for Make Benefit Once Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan People: Sacha Baron Cohen 2 "Fleabag" This Golden Globe-winning dark comedy sucks you into Fleabag's life as she's coping with tragedy. With loads of dry wit and sarcasm, we highly recommend this show to people who are craving a new mini-series that can be devoured in under 6 hours of total watch time. Fans of quirky, awkward, and complex family dramas will adore the world crafted by Phoebe Waller-Bridge. Titles: Fleabag People: Phoebe Waller-Bridge , Sian Clifford 3 "The Boys" The show that dared to expose the underbelly of some seedy superheroes vulgared its way into our heart with a formidable list of action items and to-dos. Season 2 adds a feisty new supe named Stormfront to The Seven, and delves into characters like Frenchie, Mother’s Milk and Kimiko to help us understand what makes The Boys tick. If you tear through the new episodes like A-Train hopped up on Compound V (we did), we highly recommend checking out the Garth Ennis penned graphic novels the series is based on. Titles: The Boys People: Dominique McElligott , Antony Starr , Nathan Mitchell , Jessie T. Usher , Chace Crawford , Aya Cash , Erin Moriarty © 2020 Courtesy of Amazon Studios/Courtesy of Amazon Studios 4 "The Expanse" If your life is in need of more hard sci-fi, interplanetary standoffs, and extra-terrestrial threats to humanity, "The Expanse" is the four-seasons-and-counting series that will fill that void. The series had a solid run on SYFY until it was cancelled — and much like the plot-twists of the show — was saved at the last minute by Amazon who gave it a new home on Prime. If you're wondering what to do after you’ve binged the series, check out the source material with the 8+ novel series by writing team James S. A. Corey. It’s the series that keeps on giving! Titles: The Expanse , New Terra People: Cas Anvar , Wes Chatham , Steven Strait , Dominique Tipper Photo by Rafy Photography 5 "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel" Simpler times? Not really, when you're a 1950s housewife living a posh life on the Upper West Side of Manhattan who decides to completely dismantle her postcard-perfect existence and pursue her dream of being a stand-up comic. Through three seasons, Midge Maisel has graduated from the Gaslight Cafe stage to life on the road, but her career as well as her romantic and family lives are all a bit TBD as we brace for the premiere of Season 4, which has been pushed to 2021 due to the pandemic. For now, it's a fine time to go back to where it all began for a secondary binge of Amy Sherman-Palladino's finest achievement to date — and we're true blue fans of "Gilmore Girls" and the underrated "Bunheads," mind you. Titles: The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel People: Rachel Brosnahan Photo by nicole rivelli photographie © nicole rivelli photographie 6 Suspiria If you want infuse your Halloween Watchlist with a little art-house flair, give Luca Guadagnino's Suspiria a shot. While it shares a similar plot to Dario Argento's original classic, it's a more ambitious and challenging affair. Thom Yorke's score will lull you into a hypnotic state, but the dance sequences will shake you to the core. Titles: Suspiria People: Dakota Johnson © Amazon Studios 2018 7 "Upload" What if heaven was pay-to-play? "Upload" takes on the questions of a corporate-run afterlife with biting satire about mega-businesses and our obsession with technology and appearances. Robbie Amell's Nathan steps into the hereafter thanks to an allowance from his still-living girlfriend, but quickly starts to fall for his digital "angel," played by breakout star Andy Allo. We can't wait to see the second season (and desperately need more Allo in our lives) Watch one episode, and we’re sure you’ll be plugged-in, too. Titles: Upload People: Robbie Amell , Andy Allo Photo by Katie Yu/Amazon Studios, Prime Video 8 "Modern Love" From a lost love resurfaced and love found later in life, to a date that ends up in the emergency room, "Modern Love is a diverse anthology of love stories that will make you laugh, cry, and most likely cry again. A perfect series to watch in any order (though you should save the last episode, "The Race Grows Sweeter Near Its Final Lap" for last), binge in one sitting, or spread your viewings out to add a bit of sunshine to the upcoming weeks. Titles: Modern Love , When Cupid Is a Prying Journalist People: Catherine Keener , Dev Patel Photo by Giovanni Rufino 9 "Carnival Row" If you’re looking for a rich steampunk fantasy world to get lost in, a Lovecraft inspired mystery to keep you guessing, and a healthy dose of political intrigue and tragic love stories, spend some time with "Carnival Row." Orlando Bloom and Cara Delevingne are stellar as human detective Rycroft Philostrate and fae resistance fighter Vignette Stonemoss, but Tamzin Merchant as the verging-on-destitute socialite Imogen Spurnrose, and David Gyasi as Agreus Astrayon, a mysteriously wealthy faun who boldly moves into a human neighborhood, steal the show. Titles: Carnival Row People: Orlando Bloom , Cara Delevingne Photo by Jan Thijs/Photo: Jan thijs 10 Blow the Man Down While the nature of the crime that sets Blow the Man Down down its craggy path feels realistic and unavoidable, the reveal of just who runs Easter Cove, a town nestled along the coast of Maine, is the flavor that lasts long after the end credits run. Co-directors Bridget Savage Cole and Danielle Krudy coax killer performances of out their cast, capped by a scene-eating Margo Martindale as the central (and kinda lovable) villain. Plus, sea shanties sung by hunk fishermen! Titles: Blow the Man Down People: Morgan Saylor , Sophie Lowe © Courtesy of TIFF 11 "Hunters" There’s never a dull moment when neo-Nazi hitmen, FBI agents, spies and even a nun cross paths in late-70s New York City. In this series produced by Jordan Peele, a young Jewish man seeking revenge after his grandmother is murdered unexpectedly stumbles upon a group united in their quest to hunt down Nazis hiding out in America. There’s something for everyone, whether you’re into movies about World War II, con artists, action flicks or just anything with Al Pacino. Titles: Hunters People: Al Pacino , Logan Lerman Photo by Christopher Saunders/Christopher Saunders/Amazon 12 "Homecoming" Don't wait another minute to get up to speed on this twisty, fun thriller that's easy to binge (only 10 tight, half-hour episodes). In Season 1, Julia Roberts is great as a social worker trying to piece together the mystery behind the shady veterans' transitional facility where she works. Her supporting cast is equally excellent, including Stephan James, Bobby Cannavale, and Shea Whigham. The wonderful Janelle Monáe leads Season 2, and with James returning to continue unraveling the mysteries of Geist Group. Titles: Homecoming People: Janelle Monáe 13 "Panchayat" Co-produced by TVF, this show gives a fresh comedic spin to the "city boy spending time in the country" narrative, with internet-famous fan-favorite actors Jitendra Kumar, Biswapati Sarkar, and Neena Gupta. Watch this show for the witty dialogues and strong screenplay, set in rural Uttar Pradesh. Titles: Panchayat , Gram Panchayat Phulera People: Jitendra Kumar 14 "Making the Cut" Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn's new reality competition series is 100 degrees hotter than "Project Runway" with its global scope and already-established fleet of contestants, all of whom are looking to level-up their design brands with a $1 million booty. It's also 100+ degrees cooler thanks to panel judges Naomi Campbell and Nicole Richie, who agree to disagree at seemingly even turn of the catwalk. Also, the cute Heidi 'n' Tim skits present a perfect opportunity to get up for more snacks or blankets without having to press pause. Titles: Making the Cut People: Heidi Klum , Tim Gunn 15 All In: The Fight for Democracy The spirit of democracy is alive and well in this documentary about the history of voting in America and the ongoing efforts to preserve that right. No matter where you stand on the political spectrum, this is a must see. Titles: All In: The Fight for Democracy Photo by Courtesy of Amazon Studios/Courtesy of Amazon Studios © Courtesy of Amazon Studios 16 "Good Omens" Who said the end of the world couldn’t be funny? "Good Omens," by showrunner Neil Gaiman (based on the novel he wrote with the legendary Terry Pratchett), made the jump from page to screen in a pitch-perfect adaptation. This apocalypse will plague you with laughter as you wonder what it would take to be BFFs with the adorable angel and demon pair of Michael Sheen and David Tennant. Titles: Good Omens People: Michael Sheen , David Tennant Photo by Sophie Mutevelian 17 "Forever" If you missed this underrated Amazon Original and you also miss "The Good Place," get into the same headspace as Fred Armisen and Maya Rudolph as they ponder the nature of love and commitment in the afterlife. Titles: Forever , Another Place People: Fred Armisen , Maya Rudolph Photo by Colleen Hayes © Amazon Studios 18 "Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan" John Krasinski steps into role of Jack Ryan in this series inspired by Tom Clancy's action-packed novels. We love Krasinski as the hero so much that we happily look past the absurdity of an analyst being pulled from his desk and placed on the ground in the war-torn Middle East. He's a worthy addition to the star-studded roster of actors who have previously portrayed Ryan in the franchise, including Harrison Ford and Ben Affleck. Season 3 is slated to premiere in mid 2021. Titles: Jack Ryan , French Connection People: John Krasinski Photo by Jan Thijs © Amazon2017 19 "Bosch" Fans are absolutely devoted to this rock-solid procedural following Detective Harry Bosch (Titus Welliver). Next year the series will wrap with a final seventh season, which will make it Amazon's longest-running series to date. Don't worry, you've got plenty of time to catch up and find out what the buzz is all about. Titles: Bosch , Good People on Both Sides People: Jamie Hector , Titus Welliver 20 "Made in Heaven" Creators Zoya Akhtar and Reema Kagti bring you up close and personal to the "Big, Fat Indian Wedding" in this unapologetic 2019 drama series. With the story centered on wedding planners Tara and Karan helping couples plan their big day, audiences get to see how modern culture and tradition mix together in India today. We're looking forward to Season 2! Titles: Made in Heaven , All That Glitters is Gold People: Arjun Mathur , Sobhita Dhulipala 21 "Tales from the Loop" If you’re looking for thinky sci-fi with a retrofuturistic aesthetic, "Tales from the Loop" is definitely one to check out. Based on the drawings of Swedish artist Simon Stålenhag, the eight-episode anthology series follows the residents of Mercer, a fictional town that is home to the Mercer Center for Experimental Physics, also known as the Loop. There’s definitely an open-endedness to these stories as you never quite know exactly where the technology came from or what it actually does, but if you go in not expecting all of the answers and enjoy a slow burn you’ll definitely enjoy this. Titles: Tales from the Loop People: Daniel Zolghadri Photo by Jan Thijs1.514.992.2316 © Photo:Jan Thijs1.514.992.2316 Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.