IMDb: Date of Death between 1987-01-01 and 1987-12-31 (Sorted by Popularity Ascending) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/search/name?death_date=1987&ref_=nm_ov_dth_year
IMDb: Date of Death between 1987-01-01 and 1987-12-31
(Sorted by Popularity Ascending) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Date of Death between 1987-01-01 and 1987-12-31 (Sorted by Popularity Ascending) 1-50 of 2,130 names. | Next » Sort by: STARmeter▲ | A-Z | Birth Date | Death Date 1. Rita Hayworth Actress | Gilda Rita Hayworth was born Margarita Carmen Cansino on October 17, 1918, in Brooklyn, New York, into a family of dancers. Her father, Eduardo Cansino Reina, was a dancer as was his father before him. He emigrated from Spain in 1913. Rita's American mother, Volga Margaret (Hayworth), who was of mostly ... 2. Lee Marvin Actor | The Dirty Dozen Prematurely white-haired character star who began as a supporting player of generally vicious demeanor, then metamorphosed into a star of both action and drama projects, Lee Marvin was born in New York City, the son of Courtenay Washington (Davidge), a fashion writer, and Lamont Waltman Marvin, an ... 3. John Huston Director | The Treasure of the Sierra Madre An eccentric rebel of epic proportions, this Hollywood titan reigned supreme as director, screenwriter and character actor in a career that endured over five decades. The ten-time Oscar-nominated legend was born John Marcellus Huston in Nevada, Missouri, on August 5, 1906. His ancestry was English,... 4. Fred Astaire Actor | The Towering Inferno Fred Astaire was born in Omaha, Nebraska, to Johanna (Geilus) and Fritz Austerlitz, a brewer. Fred entered show business at age 5. He was successful both in vaudeville and on Broadway in partnership with his sister, Adele Astaire. After Adele retired to marry in 1932, Astaire headed to Hollywood. ... 5. Arthur Lake Actor | Tanned Legs His parents were circus acrobats and he became part of their act. When they changed to vaudeville and wound up in California, he got a job in the movies. The founder of Universal Pictures, Carl Laemmle changed his name to Lake. In silent films he played somewhat dimwitted youngsters, The ... 6. Randolph Scott Actor | Roberta Handsome American leading man who developed into one of Hollywood's greatest and most popular Western stars. Born to George and Lucy Crane Scott during a visit to Virginia, Scott was raised in Charlotte, North Carolina in a wealthy family. After service with the U.S. Army in France in World War I, ... 7. Geraldine Page Actress | Hondo Considered by many to be one of the greatest American actresses of all time, Geraldine Page was a master craftswoman who seemed to bring out the most inner detail of the character she was playing. Her dedication to her craft has earned her the respect of many of today's great actors including Meryl... 8. Danny Kaye Soundtrack | The Danny Kaye Show Danny Kaye left school at the age of 13 to work in the so-called Borscht Belt of Jewish resorts in the Catskill Mountains. It was there he learned the basics of show biz. From there he went through a series of jobs in and out of the business. In 1939, he made his Broadway debut in "Straw Hat Revue,... 9. Mary Astor Actress | The Maltese Falcon Mary Astor was born Lucile Vasconcellos Langhanke, on May 3, 1906 in Quincy, Illinois to a German immigrant father, Otto Ludwig Langhanke, and an American mother from Illinois, Helen Marie Vasconcellos, of Portuguese and Irish ancestry. Her parents were very ambitious for her as they recognized ... 10. Jackie Gleason Actor | The Hustler Comedian, actor, composer and conductor, educated in New York public schools. He was a master of ceremonies in amateur shows, a carnival barker, daredevil driver and a disc jockey, and later a comedian in night clubs. By the mid-1950s he had turned to writing original music and recording a series ... 11. Lorne Greene Actor | Bonanza Lorne Greene was born Lyon Himan "Chaim" Green on February 12, 1915, in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. He began acting while attending Canada's Queen's University, and after graduation got a job in radio broadcasting. His rich, deep, authoritarian voice quickly propelled him to prominence as Canada's top... 12. Hermione Gingold Actress | Gigi One of stage, screen, radio and TV's most inimitable, irrepressible entertainers, Hermione Ferdinanda Gingold was born in London on December 9, 1897, the daughter of an upscale Austrian-Jewish financier and English homemaker. The blue-eyed blonde loved to perform in school plays and made her ... 13. Joyce Jameson Actress | The Outlaw Josey Wales Well-endowed, attractive Joyce Jameson was typecast as 'broads', 'dames' and dizzy blondes - somewhat in the vein of Barbara Nichols. In real life, she was said to have been the antithesis of her screen personae, a graduate in theatre arts from UCLA, highly intelligent and well-read. Joyce began ... 14. Hayden Rorke Actor | When Worlds Collide Hayden Rorke was best known as the ever suspicious "Dr. Alfred E. Bellows" on the 1960s TV series, I Dream of Jeannie (1965). Born in Brooklyn, New York, Rorke was educated at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, and he began his stage career in the 1930s with the Hampden Theatrical Company. A ... 15. Bob Fosse Director | Cabaret Bob Fosse was born on June 23, 1927 in Chicago, Illinois, USA as Robert Louis Fosse. He is known for his work on Cabaret (1972), All That Jazz (1979) and Lenny (1974). He was married to Gwen Verdon, Joan McCracken and Mary Ann Niles. He died on September 23, 1987 in Washington, District of Columbia... 16. Dick Shawn Actor | It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World One-of-a-kind comedian Dick Shawn was as intriguingly clever and off-the-wall as they came. As such, he proved to be rather an acquired taste on film and TV. A counterculture favorite far ahead of his time, it became a hit-and-miss effort in proper vehicles for this man's eccentric genius. He ... 17. Ray Bolger Actor | The Wizard of Oz Ray Bolger was born Raymond Wallace Bolger on January 10, 1904 in Dorchester, Massachusetts, to Anne C. (Wallace) and James Edward Bolger, both Irish-Americans. Ray began his career in vaudeville. He was half of a team called "Sanford and Bolger" and also did numerous Broadway shows on his own. ... 18. Robert Preston Actor | The Music Man American leading man of vast charisma, Robert Preston was the son of a garment worker and a record store clerk and grew up in Los Angeles. He was a trained musician, playing several instruments, and in high school became interested in theatre. He joined the Pasadena Community Playhouse, taking ... 19. Will Sampson Actor | One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest A Native American actor of the Creek Nation, Sampson's "big break" came from his memorable role in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975) opposite Jack Nicholson. He was also starred opposite Clint Eastwood in the western The Outlaw Josey Wales (1976). He had supporting roles in Orca (1977), The ... 20. Elizabeth Hartman Actress | A Patch of Blue This slender, striking, red-haired, freckle-faced American leading lady, a Carnegie-Tech student in the 60s, made a stunning, sensitive film debut as the blind, abused, uneducated white girl who falls in love with compassionate Sidney Poitier in the racially charged drama A Patch of Blue (1965). ... 21. Emile Meyer Actor | Shane Emile Meyer was born on August 18, 1910 in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. He was an actor, known for Shane (1953), Paths of Glory (1957) and Sweet Smell of Success (1957). He died on March 19, 1987 in Covington, Louisiana. 22. Joan Greenwood Actress | Kind Hearts and Coronets Joan Greenwood, of the plummy feline voice, was born in the well-to-do London section of Chelsea, the daughter of renowned portrait painter Sydney Earnshaw Greenwood (1887-1949). Dancing from the age of eight, she took ballet lessons and later enrolled at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA). ... 23. Patrick Troughton Actor | The Omen Patrick Troughton was born in Mill Hill, London and was educated at Mill Hill School. He trained as an actor at the Embassy School of Acting in the UK and at Leighton Rollin's Studio for for Actors at Long Island, New York in the USA. During World War II he served in the Royal Navy and after the ... 24. Erland van Lidth Actor | The Running Man Born in the Netherlands, he came to the United States as a child in the late 1950s. Erland grew up in Orange, New Jersey; Ridgefield, Connecticut; and Mont Vernon, New Hampshire. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he distinguished himself as a member of the wrestling team ... 25. Joan Shawlee Actress | Some Like It Hot Zany, extrovert, sometimes blonde, sometimes brunette, sometimes red-haired character comedienne Joan Shawlee began her performing career as a fourteen-year old Powers model. At sixteen, she sang in New York night spots and was proclaimed one of "the six most beautiful girls in Manhattan". ... 26. John Qualen Actor | Casablanca One of the best and most familiar character actors of the first four decades of sound films, although few who knew his face also knew his name, John Qualen was born in Canada to Norwegian parents. His father was a minister. The family moved to the United States and Qualen (whose real name was ... 27. Richard Egan Actor | Love Me Tender Richard Egan has four daughters and one son with Patricia Hardy, to whom he was married for nearly 30 years before he passed away. He honorably served as an officer in the Army during World War II, teaching Judo and bayonet & knife fighting. Mr. Egan attended the University of San Francisco for ... 28. Liberace Soundtrack | Misery Most remembered for his extravagant costumes and trademark candelabra placed on the lids of his flashy pianos, Liberace was loved by his audiences for his music talent and unique showmanship. He was born as Wladziu Valentino Liberace on May 16, 1919, into a musical family, in Wisconsin. His mother, ... 29. Lino Ventura Actor | L'armée des ombres One of France's most beloved character stars from the 1950s through and including the 1980s was the Italian-born Lino Ventura. Born Angiolino Joseph Pascal Ventura to Giovanni Ventura and Luisa Borrini, on July 14, 1919, in Parma (northern) Italy, young Lino moved with his family at a young age to ... 30. Madeleine Carroll Actress | The 39 Steps The original ash-blonde "iceberg maiden", Madeleine Carroll was a knowing beauty with a confident air, the epitome of poise and "breeding". Not only did she have looks and allure in abundance, but she had intellectual heft to go with them, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts from Birmingham ... 31. Keith Richards Actor | The Ten Commandments Keith Richards was born on July 18, 1915 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. He was an actor, known for The Ten Commandments (1956), The Book of Acts Series (1957) and The Black Widow (1947). He died on March 23, 1987 in Los Angeles, California, USA. 32. Benson Fong Actor | The Shanghai Cobra Benson Fong was born on October 10, 1916 in Sacramento, California, USA. He is known for his work on The Shanghai Cobra (1945), The Keys of the Kingdom (1944) and The Scarlet Clue (1945). He was married to Maylia. He died on August 1, 1987 in Los Angeles, California. 33. Andy Warhol Director | Chelsea Girls Andrew Warhol's father, Ondrej, came from the Austria-Hungary Empire (now Slovakia) in 1912, and sent for his mother, Julia Zavackyová Warholová, in 1921. His father worked as a construction worker and later as a coal miner. Around some time, the family moved to Pittsburgh. During his teenage years... 34. James Coco Actor | Murder by Death Born in New York City of humble means, character player James Coco was the son of Feliche, an Italian shoemaker, and Ida (Detestes) Coco. Shining shoes as a youngster with his father, his interest in acting occurred early on as a child. At age 17 he toured with a children's theatre troupe for three... 35. Richard Marquand Director | Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi Richard Marquand was born on September 22, 1937 in Llanishen, Cardiff, Glamorgan, Wales as Richard Alfred Marquand. He was a director and producer, known for Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi (1983), Jagged Edge (1985) and Nowhere to Run (1993). He was married to Carol Bell and Josephine ... 36. Ivan Jandl Actor | The Search Ivan Jandl was born in 1937 to the family of accountant Klement Jandl and his wife, Bozena. When he was three, he suffered from polio, and it seemed that he would not be able to walk again, but a Dr. Pribramsky managed to do what seemed a miracle: Ivan was soon practically perfectly well. While at ... 37. Dean Paul Martin Soundtrack | Hell Ride The son of Rat Pack member Dean Martin, Dean Paul Martin initially showed interest in a singing career, and was also a talented tennis player, which served him well in his role opposite Ali MacGraw in Players (1979). An avid pilot and a captain in the California Air National Guard, Martin was ... 38. Arnaldo Santana Actor | Scarface Arnaldo Santana was born on September 1, 1950 in El Paso, Texas, USA as Luis Arnaldo Santana. He was an actor, known for Scarface (1983), Cruising (1980) and a.k.a. Pablo (1984). He died on October 8, 1987 in New York City, New York, USA. 39. Pola Negri Actress | Die Bergkatze Pola Negri was born in Lipno, Poland, and moved to Warsaw as a child. Living in poverty with her mother, a teenage Pola auditioned and was accepted to the Imperial Ballet. Due to an illness that ended her dancing career, she soon switched to the Warsaw Imperial Academy of Dramatic Arts and became ... 40. Fulton Mackay Actor | Porridge Fulton Mackay was born on August 12, 1922 in Paisley, Scotland. He was an actor and writer, best known for his portrayal of authoritarian prison warder Mr Mackay in one of the BBC's most popular sitcoms, Porridge (1974), as well as appearing in Local Hero (1983), Defence of the Realm (1985) and ... 41. Colin Blakely Actor | A Man for All Seasons For a while he worked on the management side of his father's sporting goods firm in Belfast, but by the mid fifties he was in the chorus of an amateur dramatic and operatic society. He'd fallen for a girl member so joined the society to get to know her. While he soon got over her, he'd become ... 42. Douglas Sirk Director | Schlußakkord Film director Douglas Sirk, whose reputation blossomed in the generation after his 1959 retirement from Hollywood filmmaking, was born Hans Detlef Sierck on April 26, 1897, in Hamburg, Germany, to a journalist. Both of his parents were Danish, and the future director would make movies in German, ... 43. Harriet E. MacGibbon Actress | The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse Harriet MacGibbon had a long and distinguished stage career in New York before entering the movies and television. She studied a variety of crafts including voice, piano and harp. Unlike her stage roles, her roles on the big and little screens were usually that of of snooty society ladies, her ... 44. Dan Vadis Actor | High Plains Drifter Dan Vadis was born on January 3, 1938 in Shanghai, China as Constantine Daniel Vafiadis. He is known for his work on High Plains Drifter (1973), I dieci gladiatori (1963) and Ursus gladiatore ribelle (1962). He was married to Sharon Jessup. He died on June 11, 1987 in Lancaster, California, USA. 45. Dan Rowan Producer | Laugh-In Dan Rowan was a comedian most famous as the straight man to Dick Martin, with whom he co-hosted the watershed TV program Laugh-In (1967) from 1968-1973. The comedian debuted into small-town life as Daniel Hale David in Beggs, Oklahoma on July 22, 1922, the son of show people. As a child, Rowan ... 46. Alejandro Rey Actor | The Flying Nun Alejandro Rey was born on February 8, 1930 in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was an actor and director, known for The Flying Nun (1967), Sunburn (1979) and TerrorVision (1986). He was married to Joyce Bowman and Beatriz Cristina Roberto. He died on May 21, 1987 in Los Angeles, California, USA. 47. King Donovan Actor | Invasion of the Body Snatchers King Donovan was born on January 25, 1918 in New York City, New York, USA as Francis King Donovan. He was an actor and director, known for Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1956), Promises..... Promises! (1963) and Playhouse 90 (1956). He was married to Imogene Coca and Anne Catherine Thomas. He died... 48. Cathryn Damon Actress | Soap Cathryn Damon was born on September 11, 1930 in Seattle, Washington, USA as Cathryn Lee Damon. She was an actress, known for Soap (1977), She's Having a Baby (1988) and Webster (1983). She died on May 4, 1987 in Los Angeles, California, USA. 49. Geoffrey Burridge Actor | An American Werewolf in London Geoffrey Burridge was born on December 4, 1948 in Ealing, London, England. He was an actor, known for An American Werewolf in London (1981), Blake's 7 (1978) and Testament of Youth (1979). He died on September 30, 1987 in Kensington, London. 50. Kent Taylor Actor | I'm Still Alive Born Louis William Weiss on May 11, 1907, Kent Taylor was a modestly popular "B" actor of the 1930's and 1940's. The tall, dark and handsome leading man who sported rugged looks, a slick, pencil-thin mustache and solid physique, was star material with the potential and durability of Clark Gable and ... 1-50 of 2,130 names. | Next » Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.