IMDb Picks - Editors' Picks: Streaming on Disney Plus - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/imdbpicks/best-movies-and-tv-on-disney-plus/ls092677739/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=3f86615f-847c-4875-a950-953b3bf80f8a&pf_rd_r=PYM6RSV96GCQQWCG2ZVD&pf_rd_s=center-10&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=whats-on-tv&ref_=fea_wot_pks_disneyplus_hd
IMDb Picks - Editors' Picks: Streaming on Disney Plus - IMDb Editors' Picks: Streaming on Disney Plus Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In IMDb PICKS HOME Editors' Picks: Streaming on Disney Plus by IMDb-Editors | last updated - 7 months ago Revisit a classic, or find a new favorite with our editors' picks of the best movies and TV shows streaming on Disney Plus. 40 images 1 "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes are back! This time around they're looking to fill the gap that Captain America left behind while navigating a complicated post-snap world. The duo leans hard into their snarky banter as they take on new threats, old foes, and debate the differences between wizards and sorcerers in six episodes that will leave you wanting more. Titles: The Falcon and the Winter Soldier , The Star-Spangled Man People: Anthony Mackie , Sebastian Stan 2 "WandaVision" | | Available to Stream on Disney Plus "WandaVision" sparked a heated debate over the binge vs. weekly release model, but now every episode is available for your viewing pleasure. If you watched the series each week, it’s a perfect time to go back and find Easter eggs in the earlier installments. If you haven’t seen a single episode, you’re in for a wickedly good binge. Fans of mysteries, superheroes, or just good-old-fashion love stories, this one’s for you. While we don’t know yet if there will be a second season, fans can sleep easy knowing that producer Kevin Feige has teased that the series will connect directly into 2022’s Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. The story will continue! Titles: WandaVision , Filmed Before a Live Studio Audience People: Paul Bettany , Elizabeth Olsen Photo by Marvel Studios/Courtesy of Marvel Studios © Marvel Studios 2020. All Rights Reserved. 3 "The Mandalorian" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus If you have Disney Plus, odds are you've already watched both seasons of "The Mandalorian." But if waiting for Season 3 is unbearable, the second season deserves a repeat viewing, especially after closing with three unforgettable episodes that had fans jumping on their couches with excitement. Titles: The Mandalorian People: Pedro Pascal , Temuera Morrison 4 Avengers: Infinity War | Available to Stream on Disney Plus If you didn't manage to catch Marvel's box office record-breaking Infinity War in theaters, you certainly heard about it from your friends who did. This one turned the "good guys prevail" predictability of the superhero genre on it's head with a truly shocking twist that you need to see for yourself. Even those with a tepid interest in MCU might find themselves shedding a tear. Titles: Avengers: Infinity War People: Chris Evans , Scarlett Johansson , Chadwick Boseman , Sebastian Stan , Danai Gurira , Marie Mouroum © 2018 - Marvel Studios 5 Soul | Available to Stream on Disney Plus The very best Pixar films hold the mirror up to moviegoers and help them realize that what they're looking for in life has been right in front of them all along. And in that regard, this sweet and smart jazz riff of a movie, creatively coaxed by Pete Docter (Up and Inside Out) and Kemp Powers (One Night in Miami), is vintage stuff. Soul reminds us all that, in the effort to become who we are meant to be, the joy and the inspiration are in the struggle! Everyone, but especially artists, will appreciate Joe Gardner's (Jamie Foxx) journey, and Tina Fey fans will love her intelligent, precocious, and lovably bratty sidekick character named 22. Titles: Soul People: Jamie Foxx , Atticus Ross , Joe Gardner Photo by Pixar/PIXAR © 2020 Disney/Pixar. All Rights Reserved. 6 "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Set between Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith, "Star Wars: The Clone Wars&quot; presents the untold story of Anakin Skywalker's apprentice, Ahsoka Tano. The series revisits fan-favorite characters including Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, Mace Windu, and Darth Maul while revealing new perspectives on the Jedi order. Titles: Star Wars: The Clone Wars , Padawan Lost People: Dee Bradley Baker , Ashley Eckstein 7 "The Muppet Show" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Jim Henson's classic prime-time puppet variety show offers grownups a chance to relive some weird times of TV and offers some teachable moments for younger viewers, as Disney has smartly flagged certain episodes with offensive content warnings. If you're unsure, start by diving into the episodes featuring guest hosts Steve Martin, Rita Moreno, or Carol Burnett. Titles: The Muppet Show People: Steve Martin 8 Hamilton | Available to Stream on Disney Plus You could argue that watching Hamilton on the small screen is not exactly being in the room where it happened, but don’t throw away your shot to see Lin-Manuel, Leslie, Daveed, Renée, and the rest of the spectacular founding cast in the original Broadway production. The show provides a taste of the theater that we've desperately missed during the pandemic. Raise a glass! Titles: Hamilton People: Lin-Manuel Miranda , Leslie Odom Jr. © 2020 Lin-Manuel Miranda and Nevis Productions, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 9 Black Panther | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Surely every Disney Plus subscriber has seen Black Panther, but it's one of those MCU films that stands up to repeat viewings. Chadwick Boseman's iconic performance will endure for generations, but equally impressive is how director Ryan Coogler brings the real-world complexities of social justice to the superhero genre. Titles: Black Panther People: Chadwick Boseman © 2017 - Marvel Studios 10 The Greatest Showman | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Look, you're either the kind of person who is down to watch superstars turn their "circus" dials up to 11 or you're not (Hugh Jackman, Zendaya, and Zac Efron really give it their all). The Greatest Showman is so unrelentingly exuberant that even Michelle Williams is having a good time (well, mostly). Watching her smile this much in a film might be worth the cost of having the soundtrack permanently lodged in your brain. Titles: The Greatest Showman People: Hugh Jackman Photo by Photo Credit: Niko Tavernise © TM & © 2017 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Not for sale or duplication. 11 Captain America: The Winter Soldier | Available to Stream on Disney Plus After more than a decade, there's plenty of room for debate over naming the best movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but you'd be hard-pressed to do much better than Captain America: The Winter Soldier. The movie planted a flag in the ground saying that "comic book movie" is not a genre; it's a starting point. The cool '70s spy-movie undercurrents in Winter Soldier make for a compelling and unique watch in a world of superhero films. We can't be blamed if this viewing kicks off a Disney Plus MCU marathon. Titles: Captain America: The Winter Soldier People: Sebastian Stan © 2013 - Marvel. All Rights Reserved. 12 Avatar | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Though it lost out to The Hurt Locker for Best Motion Picture at the 2010 Oscars, Avatar's innovative visual effects make it a memorable masterpiece. The motion-capture CGI may not look quite as cool without the theater experience, but today's at-home technology should do the blue beings of Pandora justice. Titles: Avatar People: Zoe Saldana , Sam Worthington Photo by Courtesy of WETA © 2007 Twentieth Century Fox - All Rights Reserved. 13 Beauty and the Beast | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Many of Disney's live-action endeavors have done little more than remind us how untouchable the animated originals are, but this remake benefits from an all-star cast that makes it worthwhile. It's tough to imagine a more perfect Belle than Emma Watson, and the genius pairing of Luke Evans and Josh Gad as Gaston and LeFou is undeniably entertaining. Forgive the attempt to add new songs to the mix, and just savor the award-winning score. Titles: Beauty and the Beast People: Kevin Kline , Emma Watson 14 Hidden Figures | Available to Stream on Disney Plus This uplifting movie sheds light on NASA mathematicians Dorothy Vaughan, Mary Jackson, and Katherine Johnson who calculated flight trajectories for historical NASA missions during the US-Russia space race. Set in the 60s, Hidden Figures pays tribute to the trailblazing black women who pursued their passion in Science and Math, while challenging societal narratives around racism, sexism and privilege. Titles: Hidden Figures People: Taraji P. Henson Photo by Photo Credit: Hopper Stone/Hopper Stone, SMPSP © TM & © 2017 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Not for sale or duplication. 15 Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Whether you're a longtime Star Wars devotee or a newbie sampling the tales of a galaxy far, far away, The Force Awakens offers something new for everyone. Young Hollywood heavyweights Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, and Adam Driver drive a stellar cast, and BB-8, the cutest droid that ever was, is sure to steal your heart. Titles: Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens People: Brian Herring , Dave Chapman , Daisy Ridley 16 Inside Out | Available to Stream on Disney Plus If you’re in the mood for something that makes you feel all the feelings, this Pixar masterpiece is a solid bet, considering that the main characters are emotions themselves. Stars Amy Poehler, Bill Hader, Mindy Kaling, and more lend their voices to Joy, Fear, Disgust, and other niggling sensitivities residing within a young girl, Riley, as she navigates life in a new city and school. Adults don’t have to worry about boredom setting in thanks to the film’s hilarious, whip-smart commentary on the inner-workings of the human mind, including our casual tendency to confuse facts and opinions. Titles: Inside Out People: Lewis Black , Bill Hader , Amy Poehler , Phyllis Smith , Mindy Kaling 17 Onward | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Apparently Pixar has spoiled everyone with the high bar they set for every film they release. So much so that when a movie comes out and it's only beautifully rendered and emotionally moving and heartfelt, it's not hailed as anything more than a "good Pixar film." Onward may not reach the same peaks that we've come to expect from the animation studio, but it should feel at home on this list where it belongs. Titles: Onward People: Chris Pratt , Tom Holland © 2019 - Disney/Pixar 18 "On Pointe" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus You'll probably feel a combination of inspiration and underachievement as you watch these talented young artists dedicate every waking moment to perfect the dance that they love. But by the second episode you'll be on the edge of your seat rooting for everyone as you wait to find out who will make it into "The Nutcracker" cast at Lincoln Center. Titles: On Pointe 19 Frozen II | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Fear not, parents: Frozen II's soundtrack doesn't have any earworms with the staying power of "Let It Go" (a legitimate concern, for sure). And while the sequel doesn't quite match the magic of the original, it makes up for it with humor, dazzling animation, and a power ballad ("Lost in the Woods") that could have been a legit 1980s Peter Cetera banger. Titles: Frozen II People: Idina Menzel © 2019 Disney. All Rights Reserved. 20 "Gravity Falls" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus We took the advice of our 11-year-old neighbor and finally started watching "Gravity Falls," which is also one of the highest rated animated shows on the IMDb Top 250 for TV. As we near the end of season one and hoping the show gets even more supernatural over the next four seasons, we're dodging an archive of spoilers and fan theories, and realizing that Mabel Pines and her twin brother Dipper might rival "Rick and Morty" as our go-to adventure-seeking duo. Titles: Gravity Falls People: Jason Ritter , Kristen Schaal 21 Toy Story 4 | Available to Stream on Disney Plus With comedy veteran Tony Hale as Forky in the mix, the gang of toys has expanded! A newer addition to the streaming platform, Toy Story 4 sets the toys on a road trip where they meet old and new friends, with Tim Allen and Tom Hanks voices pulling us back in time. Titles: Toy Story 4 People: Tom Hanks , Tony Hale 22 X2: X-Men United | Available to Stream on Disney Plus While we don't love everything that happened in the mutant timeline since X2, the superhero sequel remains one of our favorite comic-book movies, and a reminder that the X-Men established the genre as a big-screen commercial and critical success five years before the Avengers began to assemble. Titles: X2 People: Hugh Jackman © 2003 Twentieth Century Fox. All Rights Reserved 23 The Rescuers | Available to Stream on Disney Plus If your kids haven't seen this treasured late '70s animated adventure, pitch them on the idea of watching two mice climb into a sardine can strapped to the back of an albatross in order to save a young orphan girl, and I bet you spend approximately zero minutes deciding on your next family movie. Titles: The Rescuers People: Eva Gabor , Bob Newhart © 1977 - Walt Disney Studios. All rights reserved. 24 Remember the Titans | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Years before "Clear eyes, full hearts, can’t lose" became the go-to sideline mantra, we had "Left side, strong side." This feel-good football flick stars Denzel Washington as Herman Boone, the legendary coach of Virginia's T.C. Williams High School football team, who guided his players through a high-tension period of racial integration on and off the field. Keep an eye out for appearances from then up-and-coming stars Ryan Gosling, Kate Bosworth and, an adorably feisty Hayden Panettiere. Titles: Remember the Titans People: Denzel Washington © 2000 - Disney Enterprises, Inc. / Jerry Bruckheimer - All Rights Reserved 25 National Treasure | Available to Stream on Disney Plus With a third installment in the National Treasure franchise on its way, plus a TV series in development at Disney Plus, it’s a great time to revisit the successful 2004 original, which chronicles the adventures of treasure hunter Benjamin Franklin Gates. Played by Nicolas Cage, Gates sets out in pursuit of an ages-old artifact, but the map he needs just so happens to be located on the back of the Declaration of Independence, providing a fun, albeit far-fetched, jumping-off point for this action flick. It gives us modern-day Indiana Jones vibes and is sure to renew curiosity about what exactly Gates saw in the Book of Secrets at the end of the second movie. Titles: National Treasure People: Nicolas Cage , Jon Voight , Justin Bartha , Diane Kruger © Disney Enterprises, Inc./Jerry Bruckheimer, Inc. All rights reserved 26 The Mighty Ducks | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Revisit Minnesota's scrappiest youth hockey league as Coach Bombay preps for a return to the ice in the revival series "The Mighty Ducks: Game Changers" with Lauren Graham and, to be sure, some OG Duck cameos — we're looking at you, Pacey. Titles: The Mighty Ducks People: Brandon Quintin Adams , J.D. Daniels , Matt Doherty , M.C. Gainey , Marguerite Moreau , Jane Plank , Jussie Smollett 27 The Emperor's New Groove | Available to Stream on Disney Plus David Spade, Eartha Kitt, and John Goodman walked into a recording studio ... Disney assembled their most out-there voice cast for this story of a self-centered Incan emperor who is turned into a llama by his jealous advisor. For us, Mother Eartha's performance as Yzma, the advisor to Spade's Emperor Kuzco, is the main reason to rewatch this emperor get his groove back. Plus, the story's screwball comedy is rather underrated. And if you didn't catch the direct-to-DVD (remember those?) sequels, Yzma turns herself into a rabbit and almost pecked to bits by baby birds ... before transforming herself ... into a snake. Someone please tell us that an Yzma revival series is being pitched at Disney+. Titles: The Emperor's New Groove People: John Goodman , David Spade © 2000 - Walt Disney Productions 28 Beauty and the Beast | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Almost 30 years later, this Disney classic tells the story of unlikely friendships formed between strangers while trapped inside of a castle. Beauty and the Beast, which won two Academy Awards for Best Original Score and Song, will have you laughing at Lumiere and Cogsworth's banter and dancing in your living room to a "Tale as Old as Time." Titles: Beauty and the Beast People: Robby Benson , Paige O'Hara © 1991 - Walt Disney Productions 29 Ever After: A Cinderella Story | Available to Stream on Disney Plus The classic Cinderella story gets the historical fiction treatment in this family-friendly romance, set in Renaissance-era France. The tale kicks off when the Brothers Grimm themselves arrive at the home of a wealthy Grande Dame who speaks of the many legends surrounding the fable of the cinder girl (Drew Barrymore). The enchanting “true” story unfolds, complete with a handsome prince, evil stepmother (Anjelica Huston), masquerade ball, and a few cameos by Leonardo da Vinci. Titles: EverAfter People: Drew Barrymore 30 Honey, I Shrunk the Kids | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Let's usher in the return of Rick Moranis by going back to the beginning of this whole kids-shrinking incident. After a 20-year break from acting, Moranis is set to reprise his role as scientist Wayne Szalinski in Shrunk alongside Josh Gad. No word yet on when to expect that release, but it's still a fine time to jump back into that big bowl of Cheerios and watch Szalinski try to find a cure for his late '80s epic fail. Titles: Honey, I Shrunk the Kids People: Rick Moranis , Marcia Strassman Photo by Buena Vista Pictures © 1989 31 Stargirl | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Based on the New York Times bestseller by Jerry Spinelli and not to be mistaken with the DC Universe superhero series, if you (or your tween) are looking for an upbeat YA high school drama that celebrates self-expression, has plenty of musical numbers, and stars a quirky main character whose not afraid to bust out a song or two on the ukulele, then you should definitely give this charming film a try. Titles: Stargirl People: Grace VanderWaal Photo by Dale Robinette © Disney+ 32 Return to Oz | Available to Stream on Disney Plus The Mouse House isn't just streaming fairy tales and superheroes, and this follow-up to The Wizard of Oz may be best suited for the older kids or nostalgic adults of the family. Loosely based on the original books by L. Frank Baum and starring a young Fairuza Balk as Dorothy, Return to Oz is notably dark. It may not satisfy all tastes, but it's a remarkably bizarre (even horrifying) curiosity piece of the '80s. Titles: Return to Oz People: Fairuza Balk , Justin Case 33 Heavyweights | Available to Stream on Disney Plus This movie is one of comedy king Judd Apatow's early works, and it’s an oft-forgotten gem. The scene is set at Camp Hope, a camp for overweight boys, which has been newly overtaken by Tony Perkis (Ben Stiller), the fanatical face of a merciless weight-loss program. Prepare for some seriously rude jokes, but if you thought Stiller was hilariously unhinged in Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story, you ain’t seen nothin’ yet. Titles: Heavyweights People: Ben Stiller , Cody Burger , Allen Covert , David Goldman , Patrick LaBrecque , Joseph Wayne Miller , Aaron Schwartz , Kenan Thompson , Shaun Weiss 34 "Life Below Zero" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus As part of the National Geographic collection on Disney Plus, "Life Below Zero" provides a dose of harsh reality as it follows the lives of Alaska residents braving the elements, wildlife, and fellow humans in a daily struggle for survival. Elsa never had it this rough. Titles: Life Below Zero 35 "Recess" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Recently, while professing our love for all things "Better Things" and Pamela Adlon, we were caught unaware that she voiced Spinelli in "Recess," a lesser-known Disney series where the playground at Third Street Elementary operates as its own student-government-run society. How do we describe the show? Well, it is just so tender (you'll understand that if you start to watch). With all the animated revivals happening — and the fact that four TV follow-up movies were made after "Recess" was over — we wouldn't be surprised if we catch up with T.J. and his pals as they enter sixth grade. Titles: Recess 36 The Black Hole | Available to Stream on Disney Plus Disney’s campy take on 2001: A Space Odyssey comes complete with Robert Forster and Anthony Perkins as two of its crew members, some nefarious AI (one with a southern accent?), and a surreal space-trip third act. Some of the action set pieces hold up well, while some will have everyone in the family laughing along. Titles: The Black Hole People: Maximilian Schell 37 Free Solo | Available to Stream on Disney Plus This Oscar-winning documentary will bring you right up to the edge of El Capitan and your seat with its sweeping views of Yosemite National Park. Directed by husband and wife duo, Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi and Jimmy Chin, Free Solo provides a nuanced view on professional athlete Alex Hannold's grit, passion, and love for climbing the impossible. Titles: Free Solo People: Alex Honnold 38 The Lizzie McGuire Movie | Available to Stream on Disney Plus The popularity of mid-2000s Disney Channel show "Lizzie McGuire" led to this feature-length film, which takes Lizzie, Gordo, Ethan, and Kate on an adventure through the streets of Rome. A nostalgic favorite for us, we're still here for the movie's soundtrack with classics like "The Tide is High," "What Dreams Are Made of" and "Why Not." Titles: The Lizzie McGuire Movie People: Alex Borstein , Hilary Duff , Adam Lamberg 39 "The World According to Jeff Goldblum" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus There is so much joy in this show. And Goldblum. There's a lot of Jeff Goldblum in this show. If you're a fan of his off-kilter comedic presence, this is a series worth watching. Each episode has Goldblum learning about a unique part of our everyday lives from, tattoos to the joy of ice cream. What makes it even better is the earnest enthusiasm with which Goldblum meets all his experts. You get a sense that he loves learning about everything as much as we do as viewers. Titles: The World According to Jeff Goldblum , Ice Cream People: Jeff Goldblum 40 "Marvel 616" | Available to Stream on Disney Plus "Marvel 616" is an eight-episode look into aspects of the Marvel Universe that you might not be familiar with, but should definitely check out if you are looking for a deep dive. The series explores everything from cosplayers and the trailblazing women of Marvel Comics to the origins of the Japanese Spider-Man and the artists who create the action figures we love. You're guaranteed to learn something new. Titles: Marvel's 616 Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.