In Time (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1637688/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
In Time (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In In Time 20112011 PG-13PG-13 1h 49m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 391K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 709 94 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:29 8 Videos 99+ Photos ActionSci-FiThriller In a future where people stop aging at 25, but are engineered to live only one more year, having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth. Here, Will Salas ... Read allIn a future where people stop aging at 25, but are engineered to live only one more year, having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth. Here, Will Salas finds himself accused of murder and on the run with a hostage - a connection that becomes ... Read allIn a future where people stop aging at 25, but are engineered to live only one more year, having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth. Here, Will Salas finds himself accused of murder and on the run with a hostage - a connection that becomes an important part of the way against the system. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 391K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 709 94 Director Andrew Niccol Writer Andrew Niccol Stars Justin Timberlake Amanda Seyfried Cillian Murphy Top credits Director Andrew Niccol Writer Andrew Niccol Stars Justin Timberlake Amanda Seyfried Cillian Murphy See production, box office & company info 611User reviews 377Critic reviews 53Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos8 Trailer 2:29 Trailer #1 Clip 0:46 "Confusing Times" Clip 1:01 "Natural Selection" Clip 1:17 "The Secret of Longevity" Clip 1:13 "Dealing with Leon" Clip 1:04 "Grab and Go" Clip 1:23 "I Am a Timekeeper" Featurette 4:47 "The Minutes" Photos154 Top cast Edit Justin Timberlake Will Salasas Will Salas Amanda Seyfried Sylvia Weisas Sylvia Weis Cillian Murphy Raymond Leonas Raymond Leon Olivia Wilde Rachel Salasas Rachel Salas Shyloh Oostwald Mayaas Maya Johnny Galecki Borelas Borel Colin McGurk Citizenas Citizen Will Harris Ulysseas Ulysse Michael William Freeman Nardinas Nardin Jesse Lee Soffer Webbas Webb Aaron Perilo Bellas Bell Nick Lashaway Ekmanas Ekman Will Peltz Pierreas Pierre Ray Santiago Victaas Victa Matt Bomer Henry Hamiltonas Henry Hamilton Zuleyka Silver Pashaas Pasha Laura Ashley Samuels Sagitaas Sagita Alex Pettyfer Fortisas Fortis Director Andrew Niccol Writer Andrew Niccol All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.4 Limitless 6.4 Lucy 7.0 Real Steel 6.1 Jumper 7.0 Passengers 7.2 Now You See Me 6.7 The Minutes 6.7 Wanted 7.0 World War Z 7.9 Edge of Tomorrow 7.0 Oblivion 6.8 Tron Storyline Edit Welcome to a world where time has become the ultimate currency. You stop aging at 25, but there's a catch: you're genetically-engineered to live only one more year, unless you can buy your way out of it. The rich "earn" decades at a time (remaining at age 25), becoming essentially immortal, while the rest beg, borrow or steal enough hours to make it through the day. When a man from the wrong side of the tracks is falsely accused of murder, he is forced to go on the run with a beautiful hostage. Living minute to minute, the duo's love becomes a powerful tool in their war against the system. —Twentieth Century Fox dystopiaimmortalityclass differencessocial commentarycurrency237 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Time Is Power Genres Action Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for violence, some sexualty and partial nudity, and strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Many of the character names are those of famous, and not so famous, watchmakers. The name Weis is pronounced the same as the watchmaker Albert Wajs. Goofs SPOILER: When Rachel goes to get the bus to meet Will, she expected the cost to be an hour and had an hour and a half remaining. The bus journey must have been less than half an hour if it was to get her there in time. The distance was said to be a two hour walk. Will heads back towards Rachel when the bus arrived without her. If Rachel starts walking when the bus leaves and Will starts walking towards her half an hour later they will meet after one hour and fifteen minutes and she will have fifteen minutes left. However, Rachel first returns to the time lender, presumably to borrow more time to allow her to meet Will, which would have cost her some valuable time which may well explain the 15 minutes she is finally short. Quotes Henry Hamilton: How old are you? In real time? Will Salas: 28. Henry Hamilton: I'm 105. Will Salas: Good for you. You won't see 106, you have too many more nights like tonight. Henry Hamilton: You are right. But the day comes when you've had enough. Your mind can be spent, even if your body's not. We want to die. We need to. Will Salas: That's your problem? You've been alive too long? You ever known anyone who's died? Henry Hamilton: For a few to be immortal, many must die. Will Salas: What the hell is that supposed to mean? Henry Hamilton: You really don't know, do you? Everyone can't live forever. Where would we put them? Why do you think there are time zones? Why do you think taxes and prices go up the same day in the ghetto? The cost of living keeps rising to make sure people keep dying. How else could there be men with a million years while most live day to day? But the truth is... there's more than enough. No one has to die before their time. If you had as much time as I have on that clock, what would you do with it? Will Salas: I'd stop watching it. I can tell you one thing. If I had all that time, I sure as hell wouldn't waste it. Crazy credits In the start and end credits, some letters such as O and I, begin as numbers which count down to 0 or 1. Connections Featured in In Time: The Minutes (2005) Soundtracks Mi Swing es Tropical (Zeb's Reggae Remix) Written by Nickodemus (as Nicolas DeSimone), Hector Alomar and William Holland Performed by Nickodemus and Quantic featuring Hector "Tempo Alomar" Courtesy of Wonderwheel Records By arrangement with Visions from the Roof User reviews611 Review Top review 8/10 Very unique film 'In Time' was a film that I saw advertised when it was released and thought it looked good but then I didn't hear any more about it until I came across it on DVD. I'm glad I did manage to see this at last because it was very enjoyable. The plot for this film is very unique, I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like this. There was a lot of familiar actors in this (Cillian Murphy, Johnny Galecki, Vincent Kartheiser to name a few). The acting was very good overall I thought, even from Justin Timberlake in the lead role. There was some good drama as well as good action scenes (car chases, shooting etc). It is the sort of film that will keep you guessing as to what will happen next and it was just a very interesting concept overall. It would have been nice if there was a bit more back story though, it was never really explained why the world was like it was. Apart from that, just take it for what it is and enjoy it. Would recommend it to anyone who fancies watching something a bit different. 8/10. helpful•63 18 tr91 Sep 30, 2013 FAQ1 Is it true that the actress playing Will Salas' mother is actually younger than Justin Timberlake? Details Edit Release date October 28, 2011 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Facebook (Japan) Language English Also known as I'm.mortal Filming locations Metropolitan Courthouse - 1945 South Hill St. Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies New Regency Productions New Regency Productions Strike Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $37,520,095 Opening weekend US & Canada $12,050,368 Oct 30, 2011 Gross worldwide $173,930,596 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 49 minutes Sound mix Dolby Dolby Surround 7.1 Datasat SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news A treasure trove by Anne-Katrin Titze Nov 15eyeforfilm.co.uk Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.