In the Heights (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1321510?ref_=rlm
In the Heights (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In In the Heights 20212021 PG-13PG-13 2h 23m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 37K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 210 4 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:31 21 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMusicalRomance A film version of the Broadway musical in which Usnavi, a sympathetic New York bodega owner, saves every penny every day as he imagines and sings about a better life.A film version of the Broadway musical in which Usnavi, a sympathetic New York bodega owner, saves every penny every day as he imagines and sings about a better life.A film version of the Broadway musical in which Usnavi, a sympathetic New York bodega owner, saves every penny every day as he imagines and sings about a better life. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 37K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 210 4 Director Jon M. Chu Writers Quiara Alegría Hudes(screenplay by) Lin-Manuel Miranda(based on the musical stage play: music and lyrics by) Stars Anthony Ramos Corey Hawkins Leslie Grace Top credits Director Jon M. Chu Writers Quiara Alegría Hudes(screenplay by) Lin-Manuel Miranda(based on the musical stage play: music and lyrics by) Stars Anthony Ramos Corey Hawkins Leslie Grace See production, box office & company info 498User reviews 213Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 8 nominations Videos21 Trailer 1:31 Trailer #3 Trailer 2:24 Official Trailer Trailer 2:23 Official Trailer Trailer 2:31 In the Heights Trailer 2:31 In the Heights Trailer 2:29 In the Heights Trailer 2:34 In the Heights Trailer 2:23 Trailer 1 Clip 1:27 All About Anthony Ramos Clip 4:09 Top Multitalents for 2021 Clip 6:26 Reflected on Screen: Lin-Manuel Miranda and the 'In the Heights' Team Clip 3:42 Most Anticipated Streaming Titles in June 2021 Photos334 Top cast Edit Anthony Ramos Usnavias Usnavi Corey Hawkins Bennyas Benny Leslie Grace Nina Rosarioas Nina Rosario Melissa Barrera Vanessaas Vanessa Olga Merediz Abuela Claudiaas Abuela Claudia Jimmy Smits Kevin Rosarioas Kevin Rosario Gregory Diaz IV Sonnyas Sonny Daphne Rubin-Vega Danielaas Daniela Stephanie Beatriz Carlaas Carla Dascha Polanco Cucaas Cuca Noah Catala Graffiti Peteas Graffiti Pete Lin-Manuel Miranda Piragüeroas Piragüero Mateo Gómez Alejandroas Alejandro (as Mateo Gomez) Marc Anthony Gapoas Gapo Patrick Page Pike Phillipsas Pike Phillips Olivia Perez Irisas Iris Analia Gomez Rosaas Rosa Dean Scott Vazquez Sedoas Sedo (as Dean Vazquez) Director Jon M. Chu Writers Quiara Alegría Hudes(screenplay by) (based on the musical stage play: book by) Lin-Manuel Miranda(based on the musical stage play: music and lyrics by) (concept by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Hamilton 7.5 Judas and the Black Messiah 7.3 Vida All the World Is Sleeping 6.5 Zola 7.6 The Greatest Showman Leslie Grace & Meek Mill & Boi-1da: Conga 8.7 Bo Burnham: Inside 6.0 Those Who Wish Me Dead 7.4 Cruella 6.5 No Sudden Move 7.3 A Quiet Place Part II Storyline Edit In the Heights centers on a variety of characters living in the neighborhood of Washington Heights, on the northern tip of Manhattan. At the center of the show is Usnavi, a bodega owner who looks after the aging Cuban lady next door, pines for the gorgeous girl working in the neighboring beauty salon and dreams of winning the lottery and escaping to the shores of his native Dominican Republic. Meanwhile, Nina, a childhood friend of Usnavi's, has returned to the neighborhood from her first year at college with surprising news for her parents, who have spent their life savings on building a better life for their daughter. Ultimately, Usnavi and the residents of the close-knit neighborhood get a dose of what it means to be home. —Broadway.com singingdancingsubtitled scenereference to frida kahloreference to sonia sotomayor664 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Turn Up the Volume on Your Dreams Genres Drama Musical Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some language and suggestive references Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Jimmy Smits was an early Heights supporter off-Broadway, before the musical moved to Broadway, and well before it was adapted to the screen. When he was asked to do the voiceover for the TV advertisement, he wouldn't accept payment. He just wanted some house seats for Broadway. Goofs Abuela Claudia's "mother's secret recipe" for café con leche calls for "one can of condensed milk." When Usnavi prepares Kevin's coffee, he uses evaporated milk, which would spoil without refrigeration. She suggests condensed milk because it does not spoil if left out in the heat. Quotes Kevin Rosario: [to Nina] Ignore anyone who doubts you. Crazy credits Before the credits roll, some graffiti art is shown of actress and singer Doreen Montalvo, a member of the original Broadway cast of "In the Heights" who also appeared in the film who passed away in 2021, with the words "Doreen - Para Siempre", a reference to the song she sings in the film and the show. Connections Featured in AniMat's Crazy Cartoon Cast: Ryan the Daring (2020) Soundtracks In the Heights Performed by Anthony Ramos, Jimmy Smits, Daphne Rubin-Vega, Stephanie Beatriz, Dascha Polanco, Corey Hawkins, Gregory Diaz IV, Melissa Barrera and Olga Merediz Produced by Alex Lacamoire, Bill Sherman, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Mike Elizondo and Sergio George User reviews498 Review Top review 9/10 It's like watching a bunch of crowd chanting, singing, and dancing for the World Cup. Came in with a very low expectation, not knowing this was inspired by a Broadway musical, not to mention I couldn't care less if this movie was delayed because of Covid-19 and had never seen the trailer before prior to my first viewing, but when I got around to watch it it, damnnnn... I was stunned and shocked to admit that this is in my top 3 Broadway/theater-based musical genre after La La Land & The Greatest Showman. Rarely we get to see a Hollywood film where all of the cast are led by the Latino community. This movie speaks volumes for them, where the central message lies on hope, racism, dual standard, dreams, family, friendship, the art of letting go and what it means to become an outsider. In the Heights is inspired by its Broadway musical and as far as the story goes, they cut Nina's storyline and it gets sidetracked when hers should also be the highlight alongside Vanessa's. The story doesn't go as deep as Les Miserables but isn't as shallow as The Greatest Showman either (The only problem with TGS for me), it stays somewhere in the middle, just enough to get your attention. In the Heights sends chills down your spine every time you witness the cast dancing and singing. The best thing is that the music and showmanship get better the more times you watch it and I will assure you, you'll have your fingers tapping backward and forward on your device to rewatch some of your preferred numbers. My top 3 songs include In the Heights, 96,000 & Carnavel del Barrio. What's outstanding in this film is that there are parts in almost every dance number, some dancers go unsynchronized with the choreography. But as the audience, you couldn't care less because the songs are so juicy and refreshing, the only thing you want is to just rejoice and have yourself grooving. What's even better is that the unsynchronization actually makes the movie better, with deeper related metaphors; in that we accept people's imperfections and to let go of the insecurities within us and just... enjoy your life to the fullest! One thing though, the colour grading could have been better. It paints this dour, gloomy, half-cooked gritty world all over it. Even when the scorching Sun arrives, it seems to have appeared somewhat dull. I get the intended meaning behind it, that this community's life is pale and has its sufferings amidst Summer is happening but imagine if the colour is as bright as The Greatest Showman or La La Land or Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. You'll be drooling all over your shirt 🤤. P. S: Colours in musicals play a pivotal role in enlightening the world and its mood. In the Heights is a cinematic treat for your eyes and ears; amidst the pandemic happening, the economic downturning and the mental health issues arising, there has never been a perfect time to release this film until now in Summer! This is an important film for all and it's what we need! Now, I watch the trailer and listen to their music about 50 times a day, I promote it on my Instagram (@iamianiman) every day so that my friends know this is the hidden gem of the Summer. Can't wait to watch it again and again and again especially in the cinemas! Verdict: In the Heights really sets the bar high, making it incomparable with other contenders this Summer. This crowd pleasing event is the ultimate cure for the world and the rekindle of lost friendship, shattered hopes and retired dreams all because of the pandemic. P. S: If The Greatest Showman were created for the Winter, In The Heights were created for the Summer. helpful•143 105 iamianiman Jun 10, 2021 FAQ3 Who is the choreographer? Details Edit Release date June 11, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Languages English Spanish Also known as 身在高地 Filming locations Washington Heights, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Warner Bros. 5000 Broadway Productions Likely Story See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $55,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $29,879,041 Opening weekend US & Canada $11,504,710 Jun 13, 2021 Gross worldwide $43,879,041 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 23 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Dr. Seuss’ Oh, The Places You’ll Go! animated movie in the works from Jon M. Chu and J.J. Abrams Nov 17Flickeringmyth Warner Bros Names Sheila Walcott As VP Creative Development Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to In the Heights (2021) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.