In the Name of the Father (1993) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107207/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_198
In the Name of the Father (1993) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In In the Name of the Father 19931993 RR 2h 13m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 167K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,979 117 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics BiographyCrimeDrama A man's coerced confession to an I.R.A. bombing he did not commit results in the imprisonment of his father as well. An English lawyer fights to free them.A man's coerced confession to an I.R.A. bombing he did not commit results in the imprisonment of his father as well. An English lawyer fights to free them.A man's coerced confession to an I.R.A. bombing he did not commit results in the imprisonment of his father as well. An English lawyer fights to free them. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 167K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,979 117 Director Jim Sheridan Writers Gerry Conlon(autobiographical book "Proved Innocent") Terry George(screenplay) Jim Sheridan(screenplay) Stars Daniel Day-Lewis Pete Postlethwaite Alison Crosbie Top credits Director Jim Sheridan Writers Gerry Conlon(autobiographical book "Proved Innocent") Terry George(screenplay) Jim Sheridan(screenplay) Stars Daniel Day-Lewis Pete Postlethwaite Alison Crosbie See production, box office & company info 205User reviews 63Critic reviews 84Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #198 Nominated for 7 Oscars 7 wins & 41 nominations total Photos119 Top cast Edit Daniel Day-Lewis Gerry Conlonas Gerry Conlon Pete Postlethwaite Giuseppe Conlonas Giuseppe Conlon Alison Crosbie Girl in Pubas Girl in Pub Philip King Guildford Soldieras Guildford Soldier Emma Thompson Gareth Peirceas Gareth Peirce Nye Heron IRA Man 1as IRA Man 1 Anthony Brophy Dannyas Danny Frankie McCafferty Tommoas Tommo Paul Warriner Soldieras Soldier Julian Walsh Soldieras Soldier Stuart Wolfenden Soldieras Soldier (as Stuart Wolvenden) Jo Connor Bin Ladyas Bin Lady Karen Carlisle Female Rioteras Female Rioter Seamus Moran IRA Man 2as IRA Man 2 Billy Byrne IRA Man 3as IRA Man 3 Maureen McBride Motheras Mother Jane Nolan Girl with Babyas Girl with Baby Laurence Griffin Boy in Riotas Boy in Riot Director Jim Sheridan Writers Gerry Conlon(autobiographical book "Proved Innocent") Terry George(screenplay) Jim Sheridan(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.9 My Left Foot: The Story of Christy Brown 8.2 There Will Be Blood 8.2 Raging Bull 8.1 Gran Torino 8.1 Hotel Rwanda 8.2 Unforgiven 8.1 The Deer Hunter 8.1 Dead Poets Society 8.1 The Elephant Man 8.1 Fargo 7.0 The Boxer 8.1 Million Dollar Baby Storyline Edit Young Belfastian Gerry Conlon (Daniel Day-Lewis) admits that he was in London at the time of the incident. He also admits that he is not a model citizen, having committed a petty robbery while in London. He does however profess his innocence when it comes to the bombing of the Guildford Pub in London in 1974, the event which killed several people inside. A self-professed non-political person, he and his three co-accused, dubbed the Guildford Four, are thought to be provisional members of the I.R.A. Their self-professed innocence is despite each having signed a statement of guilt which they claim were signed under duress. Their case includes having provable alibis for the time frame of the bombing. And eventually, Joe McAndrew (Don Baker), a known I.R.A. member, admits to the bombing. Dubbed the Maguire Seven, seven others, primarily members of Gerry's extended family including his father Giuseppe (Pete Postlethwaite), are accused of being accessories to the bombing. Following on the work initiated by Giuseppe, Gerry works on a campaign to prove their collective innocence, this work with the assistance of compassionate lawyer Gareth Peirce (Dame Emma Thompson). As Gareth works on this campaign, she is faced with obstacle after obstacle placed by Robert Dixon (Corin Redgrave), who led the initial investigation and questioning of the four accused on behalf of the Police. —Huggo prisonfather son relationshipbased on true storyanti irish biaspsychological manipulation155 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Falsely accused. Wrongly imprisoned. He fought for justice to clear his father's name. Genres Biography Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language and politically-geneRated violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In preparation for his role, Daniel Day-Lewis lost thirty pounds and spent nights in the jail cell on the set as crew members threw water and verbal abuse at him. Goofs In court, Inspector Dixon states that he "never even spoke to Gerry Conlon". Some minutes later when Gerry Conlon is being interrogated, the accused says "You told Inspector Dixon that you had committed a robbery" holding Gerry's statement. There's proof that Inspector Dixon and Gerry spoke, thus making his testimony in court false. Any defendant attorney would have noticed this. Quotes [Speaking to people outside the court] Gerry Conlon: I'm an innocent man. I spent 15 years in prison for something I didn't do. I watched my father die in a British prison for something he didn't do. And this government still says he's guilty. I want to tell them that until my father is proved innocent, until all the people involved in this case are proved innocent, until the guilty ones are brought to justice, I will fight on. In the name of my father and of the truth! Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Heaven and Earth/Grumpy Old Men/Shadowlands/In the Name of the Father/The Summer House (1993) Soundtracks In the Name of the Father Performed by Bono and Gavin Friday Written by Bono / Gavin Friday (as Friday) / Maurice Seezer (as Seezer) Published by Blue Mountain Music (UK) Mother Music/Blue Mountain Music (Eire) Taiyo Music/Blue Mountain Music (Japan) Polygram Music/Blue Mountain Music (ROW) (P) 1993 Island Records Limited User reviews205 Review Top review 7/10 Innocence Is Not An Absolute Like MIDNIGHT EXPRESS , IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER is a an extremely well made film , but like MIDNIGHT EXPRESS much of it is total invention . Reviewers on this page have already pointed out the numerous errors such as Guiseppe and Gerry Conlon never being imprisoned in the same jail or the " Guilford four " and " Mcguire seven " trials taking place in completely seperate court cases but no one seems to have pointed out the erroneous backgrounds this film paints of Gerry Conlon and Paul Hill. In their book THE PROVISIONAL IRA authors Patrick Bishop and Eamon Mallie state the facts quite clearly that Paul Hill was a member of the Belfast brigade of the provisonal IRA ( And Hill later did confess to being a member ) while Conlon had been a member of Na Fianna Eireann which is the youth section of the provisionals though Conlon was quickly kicked out ( Literally ) due to his heavy drinking and drug taking . They didn`t meet on the ferry as shown in the film but Conlon bumped into Hill in Southampton where Hill was staying . What was Hill doing in Southampton ? He was on the run from the IRA who wanted to question him about guns going missing and about the possibility of Hill being an informer , something that is always punishable in IRA ranks with death and prior torture . When Conlon returned to Belfast in December 1974 he did drunkenly mention to IRA acquaintances in pubs that he`d met Hill in England and in order to punish Hill for his suspected crimes against the organisation and to take the heat off their own cells active in Britain at the time it was the IRA themselves who deliberately leaked the false information to the intelligence services about Conlon and Hill being involved in the Guilford bombings , not as the film shows a jealous boyfriend . Hill was also later found guilty of the murder of a former soldier though is never shown in the film and it`s this playing hard and loose with the facts that almost threatens to destroy the film . It could have been worse though , there might have been the suggestion that the bombing could have been a mass suicide Well that`s the bad points out of the way . What`s IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER`s good points ? Well Jim Sheridan directs with a real kinetic force especially the early scene where Conlon is pursued by the Brits against a voodoo chile soundscape . Sheridan also gets the very best out of his cast . Emma Thompson is good as the crusading lawyer , Pete Postlethwaite is very good as Guiseppe Conlon , but the outstanding performance is by Daniel Day Lewis as Gerry Conlon . Has anyone noticed the bitter Irony of a film about injustice features one of the greatest injustices commited by the Oscar board voters where they gave that year`s best actor Oscar to a very average performance by Tom Hanks ? No wonder more and more people view the Oscars as a popularity contest . And despite my above criticisms about the facts - or lack of them - IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER can in no way be described as a pro IRA film in the way that THE DEVIL`S OWN or SOME MOTHER`S SON are helpful•75 25 Theo Robertson Aug 9, 2002 Details Edit Release date December 27, 1993 (Ireland) Countries of origin Ireland United Kingdom Language English Also known as 因父之名 Filming locations Kilmainham Jail, Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland Production companies Hell's Kitchen Films Universal Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $13,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $25,096,862 Opening weekend US & Canada $109,805 Jan 2, 1994 Gross worldwide $65,796,862 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 13 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Arab TV Producers Sample Bold On-Screen Flavors Oct 10Variety Film + TV Movie Poster of the Week: The Posters of the 9th New York Film Festival Oct 6MUBI Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for In the Name of the Father (1993)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.