Inception (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1375666/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_13
Inception (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Inception 20102010 PG-13PG-13 2h 28m IMDb RATING 8.8/10 2.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 135 41 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:45 27 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the pro... Read allA thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster.A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster. IMDb RATING 8.8/10 2.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 135 41 Director Christopher Nolan Writer Christopher Nolan Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Joseph Gordon-Levitt Elliot Page Top credits Director Christopher Nolan Writer Christopher Nolan Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Joseph Gordon-Levitt Elliot Page See production, box office & company info 4.4KUser reviews 484Critic reviews 74Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #13 Won 4 Oscars 157 wins & 220 nominations total Videos27 Trailer 1:45 10th Anniversary Dream Trailer Trailer 2:03 Inception -- Characters Trailer 2:25 Inception: Trailer #2 Trailer 1:23 Inception: Trailer #1 Trailer 1:05 Inception: Teaser Trailer Trailer 1:18 Inception Clip 5:09 'Tenet' Fan Theories: What We Got Right (and Wrong) Clip 2:47 What to Watch If You Love 'Inception' Clip 1:32 'Inception' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 2:03 A Guide to the Films of Christopher Nolan Clip 3:51 Joseph Gordon-Levitt on How '7500' Is Not Your Typical Action Movie Clip 1:14 Inception Photos387 Top cast Edit Leonardo DiCaprio Cobbas Cobb Joseph Gordon-Levitt Arthuras Arthur Elliot Page Ariadneas Ariadne Ken Watanabe Saitoas Saito Tom Hardy Eamesas Eames Dileep Rao Yusufas Yusuf Cillian Murphy Robert Fischeras Robert Fischer Tom Berenger Browningas Browning Marion Cotillard Malas Mal Pete Postlethwaite Maurice Fischeras Maurice Fischer Michael Caine Milesas Miles Lukas Haas Nashas Nash Tai-Li Lee Tadashias Tadashi Claire Geare Phillipa (3 Years Old)as Phillipa (3 Years Old) Magnus Nolan James (20 Months Old)as James (20 Months Old) Taylor Geare Phillipa (5 Years Old)as Phillipa (5 Years Old) Johnathan Geare James (3 Years Old)as James (3 Years Old) Tohoru Masamune Japanese Security Guardas Japanese Security Guard Director Christopher Nolan Writer Christopher Nolan All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro What to Watch If You Love 'Inception' What to Watch If You Love 'Inception' Here are three streaming picks that capture the spirit of Christopher Nolan's mind-bending masterpiece in their own way.Watch the video 2:47 More like this 8.6 Interstellar 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.8 Fight Club 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.9 Pulp Fiction 9.3 The Shawshank Redemption 8.4 Joker 8.7 The Matrix 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.6 Se7en 8.4 The Dark Knight Rises 8.4 Django Unchained Storyline Edit Dom Cobb is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb's rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible, inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to steal an idea, but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy that only Cobb could have seen coming. —Warner Bros. Pictures dreamambiguous endingsubconscioussurprise endingmindbender443 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Your mind is the scene of the crime Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of violence and action throughout Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In an interview with "Entertainment Weekly", writer, producer, and director Christopher Nolan explained that he based roles of the Inception team similar to roles that are used in filmmaking, Cobb is the director, Arthur is the producer, Ariadne is the production designer, Eames is the actor, Saito is the studio, and Fischer is the audience. "In trying to write a team-based creative process, I wrote the one I know", said Nolan. Goofs When Ariadne and Cobb are at the café, a man in a yellow jacket passes behind Cobb. The camera switches back and forth between Cobb and Ariadne several times. When it switches back to Cobb, the man in the yellow jacket passes once again. The person in the jacket is a projection and based on what the movie explains, projections behave a lot like extras. This means the same projection may reappear like that. Quotes Cobb: What is the most resilient parasite? Bacteria? A virus? An intestinal worm? An idea. Resilient... highly contagious. Once an idea has taken hold of the brain it's almost impossible to eradicate. An idea that is fully formed - fully understood - that sticks; right in there somewhere. Crazy credits At the end of the credits Édith Piaf's "Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien" plays at normal speed, then slows down to the speed it was at the beginning of the film during Hans Zimmer's score and throughout the movie. Then we see the title stop in the center of the screen as the song ends. Connections Edited into The Paul Behragam Talk Show: "Balto" R&T Part 5 (2015) Soundtracks Non, je ne Regrette rien Music by Charles Dumont Lyrics by Michel Vaucaire Performed by Édith Piaf Courtesy of EMI Music France Under license from EMI Film & Television Music User reviews4.4K Review Top review 10/10 Is it possible the makers understand how incredible this film is? You only get to watch this for the first time once, so choose your state of mind carefully. It is a film about movies and dreams and reality, and what sort of life it is best to find when you leave the cinema and return to whatever you left to enter. It is spectacular, and brutal, and enigmatic and disturbing. It is beautiful and absorbing. It is about one of my favourite characters ever to grace the screen. I don't see it often, in case it's not as good as I like to remember it. That is my secret, that I lock away in my safe in the basement. That somewhere there is a perfect world for us all. For some, perhaps it is in the cinema watching this. helpful•122 15 srcooper-756-646671 Dec 22, 2020 FAQ62 Is the Michael Caine character Cobb or Mal's father? Why only Cobb brought his own projections (Mal, train, kids) in dreams? Why didn't the others bring own problems/projections in the dreams? How does Cobb know the combination of Saito's safe from the beginning of the movie? Details Edit Release date September 1, 2010 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Centrumfilmow Official Facebook Languages English Japanese French Also known as 盗梦空间 Filming locations Fortress Mountain, Kananaskis Country, Alberta, Canada Production companies Warner Bros. Legendary Entertainment Syncopy See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $160,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $292,576,195 Opening weekend US & Canada $62,785,337 Jul 18, 2010 Gross worldwide $836,836,967 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 28 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Gloria Estefan to Open Latin Grammys With All-Star Medley Featuring Anitta, Carlinhos Brown and More Nov 15Rollingstone.com Robert Downey Jr. & Matt Damon join cast of Christopher Nolan’s ‘Oppenheimer’ Nov 3HeyUGuys.co.uk Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.