Incredibles 2 (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3606756/
Incredibles 2 (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Incredibles 2 20182018 PGPG 1h 58m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 272K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,417 307 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:17 35 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationActionAdventure The Incredibles family takes on a new mission which involves a change in family roles: Bob Parr (Mr. Incredible) must manage the house while his wife Helen (Elastigirl) goes out to save the ... Read allThe Incredibles family takes on a new mission which involves a change in family roles: Bob Parr (Mr. Incredible) must manage the house while his wife Helen (Elastigirl) goes out to save the world.The Incredibles family takes on a new mission which involves a change in family roles: Bob Parr (Mr. Incredible) must manage the house while his wife Helen (Elastigirl) goes out to save the world. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 272K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,417 307 Director Brad Bird Writer Brad Bird Stars Craig T. Nelson(voice) Holly Hunter(voice) Sarah Vowell(voice) Top credits Director Brad Bird Writer Brad Bird Stars Craig T. Nelson(voice) Holly Hunter(voice) Sarah Vowell(voice) See production, box office & company info 1.1KUser reviews 404Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 12 wins & 79 nominations total Videos35 Trailer 2:17 Official Trailer Trailer 1:31 Winter Games TV Spot Trailer 0:53 Official Teaser Trailer Clip 1:06 Cookie? Featurette 1:31 'Bravo, Edna' Teaser Interview 9:16 Brad Bird Interview 5:34 Sophia Bush Interview 5:13 Craig Nelson Interview 5:13 Craig Nelson Interview 4:24 Bob Odenkirk Interview 4:24 Bob Odenkirk Interview 3:29 Samuel L Jackson Photos542 Top cast Edit Craig T. Nelson Bob Parras Bob Parr (voice) … Holly Hunter Helen Parras Helen Parr (voice) … Sarah Vowell Violet Parras Violet Parr (voice) Huck Milner Dashiell Parr (Dash)as Dashiell Parr (Dash) (voice) Catherine Keener Evelyn Deavoras Evelyn Deavor (voice) Eli Fucile Jack-Jack Parras Jack-Jack Parr (voice) Bob Odenkirk Winston Deavoras Winston Deavor (voice) Samuel L. Jackson Lucius Bestas Lucius Best (voice) … Michael Bird Tony Rydingeras Tony Rydinger (voice) Sophia Bush Voydas Voyd (voice) Brad Bird Edna Mode (E)as Edna Mode (E) (voice) Phil LaMarr Krushaueras Krushauer (voice) … Isabella Rossellini Ambassadoras Ambassador (voice) Adam Gates Chad Brentleyas Chad Brentley (voice) Jonathan Banks Rick Dickeras Rick Dicker (voice) John Ratzenberger Undermineras Underminer (voice) Bill Wise Screenslaveras Screenslaver (voice) … Nicholas Bird Monster Jack-Jack Parras Monster Jack-Jack Parr (voice) (as Nick Bird) Director Brad Bird Writer Brad Bird All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 The Incredibles 7.3 Finding Dory 7.7 Wreck-It Ralph 7.8 Big Hero 6 7.2 Monsters University 7.9 Toy Story 2 8.0 Ratatouille 8.0 Zootopia 7.7 Toy Story 4 7.1 Cars 7.0 Ralph Breaks the Internet 7.4 Frozen Storyline Edit While the Parr family has accepted its collective calling as superheroes, the fact remains that their special heroism is still illegal. After they are arrested after unsuccessfully trying to stop the Underminer, their future seems bleak. However, the wealthy Deavor siblings of Devtech offer new hope with a bold project to rehabilitate the public image and legal status of Supers, with Elastigirl being assigned on point to be the shining example. Now having agreed for now to stay at home to care of the kids, Mr. Incredible finds domestic life a daunting challenge, especially with baby Jack-Jack's newly emerged powers making him almost impossible to manage. However, Elastigirl soon has her own concerns dealing with the menace of a new supervillain, Screenslaver, who is wreaking havoc with his mind control abilities. Now, Elastigirl must solve the mystery of this enemy, who has malevolent designs on the world with the Parr family and friends key targets of this evil. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) computer animationsuperheroinesuperheroworking motherparenting355 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It's been too long, dahlings. Genres Animation Action Adventure Comedy Family Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for action sequences and some brief mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia At one hour and fifty-eight minutes, this is not only the longest Pixar film to date, but also the longest computer-animated feature film to date (beating Cars (2006), which runs for one hour and fifty-seven minutes). Goofs Violet's date with Tony was on a Friday evening. But the next morning, Mr Incredible sends his kids to school. Quotes Edna Mode: [to the tired Bob, who is holding Jack-Jack] Done properly, parenting is a heroic act... done properly. Crazy credits There is a dedication in the closing credits "This film is dedicated to the SUPER FAMILIES and friends whose love & support keep us strong." Alternate versions International editions (such as the one shown in the Philippines) feature different graphics that, although visually different from the North America edition, retain the universal meaning. The title of Jack-Jack's storybook was changed from "Doozles are Dozing" to multiple letter Zs. Dash's math book loses the title "New Math for Life" and is replaced by a math equation. Connections Featured in The Chronic Rift: Let's Take it From the Top (2018) Soundtracks Mr. Incredible Music and Lyrics by Michael Giacchino Arranged by Alex Lacamoire Produced by Michael Giacchino & Alex Lacamoire Recorded by Joey Raia Mixed by Derik Lee User reviews1.1K Review Top review 7/10 Can't Escape the Incredible Legacy of the Original Since I already know you are going to rate this review as "Not Helpful" because I didn't rate this 10/10 stars, I figured I might as well start off by telling you how much I love the original Incredibles. The Incredibles (2004) is one of my favorite films of all time and is my second favorite Pixar film (right after Finding Nemo). I got to see Incredibles 2 early because I caught a double feature of the two films in IMAX, just in case you were thinking of complaining that I didn't see it since this review is out early. What I loved about the original was the authenticity that the story, characters, and animation had to it. It felt more creative, natural, and beautiful. Syndrome was one of the greatest superhero movie villains of all time, not because of the amount of damage he was able to inflict upon the world, but because of the emotional pain he was able to cause Mr. Incredible and his family. The moments in which Mr. Incredible regrets his past mistakes and realizes how his actions affect others, especially his former biggest fan, are what makes the film stand out from any other hero-villain dynamic. Sadly, Incredibles 2 does not have a villain or story as deep or as thoughtful as Syndrome. Incredibles 2 boldly and intelligently begins right where The Incredibles ended. This smart move on Disney Pixar's part eliminates all confusion and time gaps that may arise after a hiatus of any amount (especially fourteen years) between a sequel and its predecessor. The story that follows is relatively contrived and characters are clumsily introduced in order to expand the universe instead of expanding the emotions of the beloved characters. The action scenes are creative and well-animated, but they aren't memorable enough and take place in bland settings and accomplish nothing for the characters. There were many points during this film where I noticed how hard Brad Bird was trying to replicate the formula of the original film, but it became more and more noticeable to the point that it detracted from the story itself. The great Pixar films all have excellent, fluid stories. The great Pixar films also have superb plots that deepen our understanding and feelings for the characters. The good Pixar films have entertaining, sensible plots, but they rarely deepen our love of the characters involved in them, such as A Bug's Life, Cars 2 (don't hate me!), Cars 3, and The Good Dinosaur. Incredibles 2, sadly, falls into the latter category that has a fun, creative plot, but a plot that does nothing new for its characters. Since the villain is introduced in the trailer, I don't think that it's a spoiler to say that it doesn't feel authentic or inspired enough to be considered one of Pixar's best villains. While the motive for the villain is there, it is simply unnecessary, contrived, and unexciting. New heroes are also introduced (as seen in the poster and other promotional material). Many of them are underutilized or unnecessary. The film's weakest parts involve the newly introduced characters because they all lack the liveliness and creative spark of the original characters that are explored slightly more deeply in this film. But enough of the aspects of the film that let me down. For all of the disappointments, Incredibles 2 also has many surprises and amazing qualities. For one, Jack Jack's new abilities are basically perfect, both in what his powers are and in how they are revealed. At first, I worried that too much of Jack Jack's powers were revealed, but that was hardly the case. Jack Jack is actually one of the best parts of this film. He is easily one of the funniest parts of any Pixar film. I couldn't help but burst out in laughter every time he made a single noise. The humor in this film is slightly more present, or maybe more memorable, than in the original. The film's message also tries to be more important and necessary besides highlighting the importance of family. Obviously this review won't stop you from seeing this film, nor was it intended to, but I encourage all of you to see this film in theaters, but heavily reduce your expectations and don't think too much about what made The Incredibles nearly perfect, or you are sure to be sorely disappointed. helpful•335 261 ModishMovies Jun 14, 2018 Details Edit Release date June 22, 2018 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Site Language English Also known as 超人总动员2 Filming locations Walt Disney Animation Studios - 2100 Riverside Drive, Burbank, California, USA Production companies Walt Disney Pictures Pixar Animation Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $200,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $608,581,744 Opening weekend US & Canada $182,687,905 Jun 17, 2018 Gross worldwide $1,243,089,244 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital IMAX 6-Track Auro 11.1 Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Full Trailer for Pixar's 'Turning Red' About Becoming a Giant Red Panda Nov 17firstshowing.net The Morning Watch: Incredibles 2 Animation Progression, Ryan Reynolds Does Antiques Roadshow & More Nov 17Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.