Indie News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/news/indie?ref_=nwc_sb_nwc_sm
Indie News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Indie News ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ New Trailer: Tom Holland Battles Doc Ock, Green Goblin, and Electro 17 November 2021 by Chris Lindahl Indiewire Sony and Marvel revealed the second “Spider-Man: No Way Home” trailer to great fanfare Tuesday. The latest look at Tom Holland’s next adventure as the web-slinger premiered at a fan event at a Los Angeles movie theater, packed with the Marvel devoted, who were eager to see if the clip would confirm plot details and rumored appearances by past “Spider-Man” stars. Below, check out the new trailer for “No Way Home.” The movie is helmed by Jon Watts, who also directed the first two “Spider-Man” films of the Holland era, beginning with 2017’s “Spider-Man: Homecoming.” Set for release by Sony on December 17, the movie is part of the Phase Four rollout of the evolving Marvel Cinematic Universe. The cast also includes Zendaya as Mary Jane, Marisa Tomei as Aunt May, Benedict Cumberbatch as Dr. Strange, Jamie Foxx as Electro, and Alfred Molina as Doctor Octopus. Molina’s appearance See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Best Harry Potter Merchandise and Collectibles for Every Kind of Fan 17 November 2021 by Latifah Muhammad Indiewire All products and services featured by IndieWire are independently selected by IndieWire editors. However, IndieWire may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes. One of the things that makes the magical world of Harry Potter so appealing is that it gives fans a chance to escape into a rich world of possibilities. Fans of Harry Potter’s massive universe of wizardry have lots of characters to fall in love with, from the wand-slinging protagonist himself to his sidekicks, Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, and other characters such as Severus Snape, Bellatrix Lestrange, Draco Malfoy, Dolores Umbridge, Albus Dumbledore, Minerva McGonagall, Dobby, and even Lord Voldemort. And if you’re looking to buy collectibles and other merchandise inspired by the franchise, we’ve put together a list that includes games, books, jewelry, and more cool items to shop. See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Leonardo DiCaprio and ‘Don’t Look Up’ Cast Spent Two Days Improvising One 16-Minute Scene 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire Adam McKay encourages his actors to improvise during filming, but that’s quite a time-consuming process when the scene in question features three Oscar winners and one of the most beloved comedians working today (who also happens to be a two-time Oscar nominee). A set piece featured in McKay’s star-studded Netflix movie “Don’t Look Up” is set in the Oval Office at the White House and features Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lawrence’s astronomer characters consulting Meryl Streep’s president and Jonah Hill’s chief of staff. Also involved is Rob Morgan’s NASA executive. With so much talent and so much improvisation, McKay filmed this one set piece for two whole days. “That group of people could not have been happier to be in that fake Oval Office, doing that scene,” McKay told Deadline. “Laughing, improvising. They almost were a little intimidated by Meryl Streep because she’s See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Michael Keaton and ‘Dopesick’ FYC Event Make for a Hot Hollywood Ticket 16 November 2021 by Libby Hill Indiewire It seemed the hottest ticket in Los Angeles on Monday night was Hulu’s FYC event for “Dopesick,” where a capacity crowd at Neuehouse Hollywood was treated to an early screening of the limited series’ finale before it debuts on Hulu at midnight November 17. Created, co-written, and co-directed by Emmy-winner Danny Strong and adapted from Beth Macy’s book “Dopesick: Doctors, Dealers, and the Drug Company that Addicted America,” the series offers an in-depth look at America’s ongoing opioid crisis. Melding several timelines together and including both fictional and composite characters, the show aims to deliver as comprehensive a look at the pharmacological addiction epidemic as possible, from the ravages waged on rural communities by OxyContin, to the Virginia prosecutors building a case against Purdue Pharma, and the machinations happening behind the scenes at the pharmaceutical company aiming to make as much money as possible by obfuscating the dangers See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Recommendation Machine: The ‘Party Down’ Revival Is a Great Excuse to Watch the Show (Again) 16 November 2021 by Steve Greene Indiewire Welcome to Recommendation Machine, your daily IndieWire destination for TV suggestions of what to watch. Each weekday, we’ll offer up a series we think should be on your viewing radar. Though most of the shows included here are recent offerings from networks and streaming services, this will also be a place to take a look at different chapters in TV history readily available for anyone looking to immerse themselves in an ever-expanding medium. As everyone with even a passing connection to TV will have happily told you for the better part of the last decade, there are too many shows. They’ll use words like cornucopia or plethora or deluge or glut. Bottom line: There are plenty of options for things to queue up next. So, while we’ll try to provide as many of those as we can from streaming’s heavy hitters like Netflix, Hulu, and HBO Max, See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Jbl Boombox 2 and More Portable Bluetooth Speakers That Are Perfect for the Holidays 16 November 2021 by Latifah Muhammad Indiewire All products and services featured by IndieWire are independently selected by IndieWire editors. However, IndieWire may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes. ‘Tis the season to shop for awesome tech gifts. Whether you’ve already started working on your shopping list, or simply need a sound upgrade for the holidays, a portable boombox doubles as a nice gift and a great way to enhance any sound system. Although boomboxes were first invented in the 1960s, they didn’t reach their popularity peak until the ‘80s and ‘90s. These days, boomboxes look a lot different than what you might remember. While you can certainly find the original, box-style boombox (with a tape-deck in front), portable Bluetooth speakers are a new version of the classic device. If you’ve been thinking about purchasing a new speaker, we See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Miramax Sues Tarantino Over ‘Pulp Fiction’ NFTs, Says His Team Is Acting ‘Recklessly’ and Greedily’ 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire Miramax has filed a lawsuit against Quentin Tarantino over an Nft project involving “Pulp Fiction.” The Oscar winner announced at the start of November that he was putting seven uncut scenes from “Pulp Fiction” up for auction as Secret NFTs on OpenSea, the world’s largest Nft marketplace. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Miramax sent a cease-and-desist letter to Tarantino after the announcement but the Nft project persisted. Now the studio alleges the Nft project violates their intellectual property agreement. “Tarantino’s conduct has forced Miramax to bring this lawsuit against a valued collaborator in order to enforce, preserve, and protect its contractual and intellectual property rights relating to one of Miramax’s most iconic and valuable film properties,” Miramax wrote in its lawsuit. “Left unchecked, Tarantino’s conduct could mislead others into believing Miramax is involved in his venture. And it could also mislead others into believing they have See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this The Williams Sisters Drive ‘King Richard,’ but It’s Also the Story of Two Brothers, Now Oscar-Bound 16 November 2021 by Anne Thompson Indiewire “King Richard,” the true saga of how Richard Williams (Will Smith) turned his athletic daughters into tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams, started off as an idea from Tim White, who co-founded Star Thrower Entertainment with his filmmaker brother, Trevor. Once they decided to pursue the Williams family’s story, the Whites proceeded to do just about everything right. In Hollywood, this is rare. Here are the ways the White brothers delivered an entertaining, authentic, and uplifting movie that Warner Bros. is pushing for the Best Picture Oscar. 1. A relatable narrative, tied to recognizable names. Tim grew up in Annapolis, Maryland playing competitive tennis, from the junior nationals to the minor leagues. He knew the Richard Williams story, and when he was a teenager, saw him in the stadiums rooting for his kids. “I remember him holding up the signs and hearing people talking about him as this controversial guy, See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this David Fincher Emailed Carrie Coon to Defend Her ‘Gone Girl’ Acting After She Called It ‘Horrific to Watch’ 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire Carrie Coon stirred up buzz in September after she admitted to The Independent that she finds her performance in David Fincher’s “Gone Girl” adaptation “horrific to watch.” Coon starred in Fincher’s movie as Margo “Go” Dunne, the no-nonsense twin sister of Ben Affleck’s Nick Dunne. The part was Coon’s first notable supporting turn in a major motion picture. The actress said that when she watched “Gone Girl,” all she can see is “myself making faces. I think I can note my improvement as ‘The Leftovers’ goes on — I think I get better — but I find my performance in ‘Gone Girl’ horrific to watch.” Headlines about Coon’s opinion prompted none other than David Fincher to email her about the role and her performance in the film. As Coon revealed to The Hollywood Reporter while promoting her role in Sony’s “Ghostbusters: Afterlife,” “David, of course, emailed See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Will Smith Tried and Failed to Do More Hours of Press Than Tom Cruise: He’s Like a ‘Cyborg’ 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire Will Smith writes in his new memoir “Will” that he meticulously studied Tom Cruise’s press tours while planning how he would become the biggest movie star in the world, a bigger one than even Cruise himself. But it turns out Will Smith is no match for Tom Cruise when it comes to promotional skills. Smith had the hit sitcom “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air” under his belt, but he was eager to make the jump to global movie star. That’s when Smith got some essential advice from none other than Arnold Schwarzenegger at the May 1996 launch of the Planet Hollywood restaurant in Sydney, Australia. Here’s what Schwarzenegger told Smith (via Insider): “You are not a movie star if your movies are only successful in America. You are not a movie star until every person in every country on earth knows who you are. You have to travel the globe, See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this ‘The Slow Hustle’ Trailer: ‘The Wire’ Star Sonja Sohn Directs HBO Doc on Baltimore Police Death 16 November 2021 by Kristen Lopez Indiewire Filmmaker and actress Sonja Sohn of “The Wire” returns with the follow-up to her 2017 documentary “Baltimore Rising.” The new film, titled “The Slow Hustle,” looks to be an equally powerful look at the continued corruption in the world of the Baltimore police department and the activists who seek to expose it. “The Slow Hustle” details the mysterious death of veteran Baltimore police officer, Detective Sean Suiter. As the film lays out, Suiter’s death is just one in a string of corruption claims against Baltimore Pd, with Suiter himself marked as a key witness in an upcoming trial. As the various journalists, family members, and others associated with the case lay out, the desire was to sell Suiter as another bad apple in order to get the story squashed. Coincidentally, the trailer is debuting four years to the day that Suiter was killed. HBO continues to weave stark social commentary into compelling narratives, See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this ‘Sopranos’ Actor: James Gandolfini Protected Me from Filming Nude Scene Against My Wishes 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire “The Sopranos” actors Steve Schirripa and Michael Imperioli have reignited conversations around the Emmy-winning HBO drama series thanks to their popular “Talking Sopranos” podcast, and now they’ve published a book-length oral history of the show under the title “Woke Up This Morning.” The book includes an anecdote from series guest star Peter Riegert in which it’s revealed the lengths James Gandolfini went to protect him from acting in an unwanted nude scene (via Insider). Riegert starred as Assemblyman Ronald Zellman on the third and fourth seasons of “The Sopranos.” “I show up at the [table] read and find out what I was going to be doing,” Riegert said of preparing for the seventh episode of Season 4. “The scene was Tony beating the living shit out of me with a belt, but in the scene description, it’s written that he pulls my underwear off…I was going to be naked. See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this ‘The Wheel of Time’ Review: Amazon’s Fantasy Series Isn’t Great, but It Is Entertaining 16 November 2021 by Ben Travers Indiewire For all its intricate world building, “The Wheel of Time” tends to spin smoothest if you don’t examine its pieces too closely. Take the logo, for instance. Circling the title at the end of each credits sequence is a dragon, woven into a circle, reminiscent of the ouroboros symbol — a serpent or dragon eating its own tail. It’s a fitting choice, given the emblem’s typical interpretation of life and death as an endless cycle of rebirth, and the series’ belief in a type of reincarnation, where men and women are but threads being spun into the Pattern of the Ages, which is turned forever by the Wheel of Time. Except the actual “Wheel of Time” logo isn’t a dragon eating its own tail. It’s a dragon weaving forward, toward the screen, with its mouth open but the tail far in the distance. If you squint, See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Back to One, Episode 178: Jon Bernthal 16 November 2021 by Peter Rinaldi Filmmaker Magazine From The Walking Dead and Punisher to The Wolf of Wall Street, Small Engine Repair, The Many Saints of Newark, and this month’s King Richard, Jon Bernthal has established himself as the hard-working, all-in, go-to, actor’s-actor of the moment. In this episode, he talks about some of the elements he uses—generosity, energy management, isolation, fear-as-fuel, group strength—to do his work, the one thing all great directors have in common, why he’d be just as grateful doing regional theater, plus much more! Back To One can be found wherever you get your podcasts, including Apple Podcasts, Google Play, and Stitcher. And […] The post Back to One, Episode 178: Jon Bernthal first appeared on Filmmaker Magazine. See full article at Filmmaker Magazine » Permalink Report this ‘Don’t Look Up’ Official Trailer: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence Must Save the World 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire The year in film is ending with a star-studded bang thanks to Netflix’s “Don’t Look Up.” The comedy is the latest from “Step Brothers” and “Anchorman” filmmaker Adam McKay, who has gone prestigious in the last several years thanks to the release of Oscar winners “The Big Short” and “Vice.” McKay’s latest unites Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lawrence for an end-of-the-world comedy that satirizes the country’s political divide. The cast also includes heavy-hitters such as Meryl Streep, Rob Morgan, Jonah Hill, Mark Rylance, Cate Blanchett, Tyler Perry, Timothée Chalamet, Ron Perlman, Ariana Grande, and Scott Mescudi. “Don’t Look Up” stars DiCaprio and Lawrence as Dr. Randall Mindy and Dr. Kate Dibiasky, two low-level astronomers forced to travel around the U.S. to warn the population that a giant meteor is heading straight towards the planet. Pre-released clips from the film show the astronomers trying and failing to See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Joaquin Phoenix Is No Longer Scared by Interviews, Thanks to ‘C’mon C’mon’ 16 November 2021 by Eric Kohn Indiewire It’s hard to imagine an actor with more disdain for the interview process than Joaquin Phoenix. Over the years, Phoenix’s awkward responses to questions from interviews have practically become an extension of his uneasy screen persona. In 2019, he walked out of an interview for “Joker” when asked about whether the movie incited violence, and when another reporter asked him about preparing for the role a few months later, he said it was “old news.” In 2014, he confessed during an Esquire profile that while he didn’t hate doing press, he certainly doesn’t like it, likening himself to “a bratty kid who doesn’t want to take a shower.” Phoenix’s discomfort with the process has become so tied to his persona that he even spoofed it himself with a prankish appearance on “Late Night With David Letterman,” in a bit that ended up being part of the mockumentary “I’m Still Here. See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Dalibor Barić Introduces His Film "Accidental Luxuriance of the Translucent Watery Rebus" 16 November 2021 MUBI Dalibor Barić's Accidental Luxuriance of the Translucent Watery Rebus is showing exclusively on Mubi starting November 17, 2021 in the series Undiscovered.Every homecoming, return, remembering, is like the attempt of reverse engineering. The feeling of retracing the same pathways, taking the same steps, investigating to validate its authenticity, giving another view of whatever it might be: a childhood, an inception.So we're taking a different perspective, seeing what we missed the first time, what was all about, while we return on the same neural pathways into the private deep-time of our existence.Why nostalgia, the past?And how much of it is true anyway?Do we invent it as we go along, backwards, like unreliable narrators?Everyone’s buying into nostalgia, safe places, brighter and warmer when imagined. An unfathomable dimension that we claim happened. The ghost objects that once stood there and now remain in memories.But the past also has an unpleasant, See full article at MUBI » Permalink Report this Kirsten Dunst Calls ‘Spider-Man’ Pay Disparity ‘Extreme’: ‘Who’s on the Poster? Spider-Man and Me’ 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire Kirsten Dunst became an international star with her role as Mary Jane Watson in Sam Raimi’s “Spider-Man” trilogy, but she had already carved out a career for herself prior to the comic book tentpole thanks to roles in hit films such as “Interview with a Vampire,” “Little Women,” and “Jumanji.” However, her success couldn’t get her equal pay to Spider-Man himself, Tobey Maguire. Not that Dunst expected it at first, considering Maguire was playing the eponymous hero. But by the time Dunst’s face was being jointly used with Maguire’s to market “Spider-Man 2,” something about the pay disparity felt off. “The pay disparity between me and Spider-Man was very extreme,” Dunst recently told The Independent. “I didn’t even think about it. I was just like, ‘Oh yeah, Tobey [Maguire] is playing Spider-Man.’ But you know who was on the cover of the second ‘Spider-Man’ poster? See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Making a Movie? These 6 Laptops Are Perfect for Student Filmmakers 16 November 2021 by Latifah Muhammad Indiewire All products and services featured by IndieWire are independently selected by IndieWire editors. However, IndieWire may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes. With so many laptops on the market, filmmakers and film students might find themselves confused about which brand or model to purchase. Thankfully, there are a lot of high-quality laptops available that are great for film editing and other needs. Regardless of whether you’re a student or a more experienced filmmaker, you’ll be multi-tasking more often than not — which means that you’ll need a laptop that is capable of performing multiple tasks such as audio and video rendering, without overheating or the battery dying too fast. To help you get started on your search, we rounded up a handful of the best laptops for filmmakers from Dell, Hp, Apple, and other top brands. See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this ‘Hannibal’ Love Burns Bright as Fans Raise Over $25,000 for New Art Book in Mere Hours 16 November 2021 by Zack Sharf Indiewire If anyone needs more proof that Bryan Fuller’s “Hannibal” has one of the most active and passionate fandoms around, look no further than a Kickstarter campaign for a new book of artwork inspired by the three-season TV series meeting its goal in just 15 minutes (via Nerdist). The crowdfunding campaign launched November 15 with a $7,500 goal. In just mere hours, “Hannibal” fans have raised over $25,000 and counting. That number is from over 250 backers, and there’s still 29 days left to go on the campaign as of this writing. The book is officially titled “Hannibal Artbook” and comes from the publishing team at Printed in Blood. The book includes a 180-page collection of artwork inspired by “Hannibal,” with 150 pieces of art created exclusively for the release of the book. The collection also includes a foreword written by showrunner Bryan Fuller and an introduction written by series executive producer Martha Di Laurentiis. Despite See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. Top News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Jane Campion Will Never Direct a Superhero Movie: ‘I Hate Them’ (Exclusive) 17 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘The Crown’ Casts Its Prince William: Dominic West’s Son Senan West to Play Royal Heir (Exclusive) 17 November 2021 Variety - TV News See All Top News » Movie News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Ghostbusters: Afterlife review – defanged retread that is lacking in spirit and laughs 17 November 2021 The Guardian - Film News See All Movie News » TV News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Jane Campion Will Never Direct a Superhero Movie: ‘I Hate Them’ (Exclusive) 17 November 2021 Variety - TV News See All TV News » Celebrity News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News Kirsten Dunst Gives Rare Update on Baby No. 2 With Jesse Plemons 17 November 2021 E! Online See All Celebrity News » Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.