Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097576/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_125
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 19891989 PG-13PG-13 2h 7m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 722K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,402 247 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:08 5 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventure In 1938, after his father Professor Henry Jones, Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, Professor Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. finds himself up against Adolf Hitler's Nazis again to s... Read allIn 1938, after his father Professor Henry Jones, Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, Professor Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. finds himself up against Adolf Hitler's Nazis again to stop them from obtaining its powers.In 1938, after his father Professor Henry Jones, Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, Professor Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. finds himself up against Adolf Hitler's Nazis again to stop them from obtaining its powers. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 722K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,402 247 Director Steven Spielberg Writers Jeffrey Boam(screenplay) George Lucas(story) Menno Meyjes(story) Stars Harrison Ford Sean Connery Alison Doody Top credits Director Steven Spielberg Writers Jeffrey Boam(screenplay) George Lucas(story) Menno Meyjes(story) Stars Harrison Ford Sean Connery Alison Doody See production, box office & company info 633User reviews 180Critic reviews 65Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #125 Won 1 Oscar 8 wins & 22 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 2:08 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade Trailer 1:37 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade Trailer Clip 2:31 A Guide to the Films of Steven Spielberg Interview 2:50 What Movies Make Up the DNA of "Utopia"? Video 4:33 What Roles Has Harrison Ford Turned Down? Photos398 Top cast Edit Harrison Ford Indiana Jonesas Indiana Jones Sean Connery Professor Henry Jonesas Professor Henry Jones Alison Doody Elsaas Elsa Denholm Elliott Marcus Brodyas Marcus Brody John Rhys-Davies Sallahas Sallah Julian Glover Walter Donovanas Walter Donovan River Phoenix Young Indyas Young Indy Michael Byrne Vogelas Vogel Kevork Malikyan Kazimas Kazim Robert Eddison Grail Knightas Grail Knight Richard Young Fedoraas Fedora Alexei Sayle Sultanas Sultan Alex Hyde-White Young Henryas Young Henry Paul Maxwell Panama Hatas Panama Hat Isla Blair Mrs. Donovanas Mrs. Donovan (as Mrs. Glover) Vernon Dobtcheff Butleras Butler J.J. Hardy Hermanas Herman Bradley Gregg Roscoeas Roscoe Director Steven Spielberg Writers Jeffrey Boam(screenplay) George Lucas(story) (characters) Menno Meyjes(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 7.5 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom 6.1 Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 8.2 Die Hard 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.5 Back to the Future 8.6 Star Wars 8.5 Terminator 2: Judgment Day 5.2 Indiana Jones and the Sanctuary of the Black Order 8.3 Aliens Storyline Edit An art collector appeals to Indiana Jones to embark on a search for the Holy Grail. He learns that another archaeologist has disappeared while searching for the precious goblet, and the missing man is his own father, Dr. Henry Jones. The artifact is much harder to find than they expected, and its powers are too much for those impure of heart. —Jwelch5742 holy grailfather son relationshiporigin of heroindiana jones characteryear 1912360 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines He's back in an all new adventure. Memorial Day 1989. Genres Action Adventure Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) PG-13 Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia As with the other Indiana Jones movies, Harrison Ford did many of his own stunts. According to stuntman Vic Armstrong, he had to pull Ford to one side and ask him to let him "do some work" because Ford was doing so much of the action himself. Armstrong later said, "If he wasn't such a great actor, he would have made a really great stuntman." Goofs Some viewers have pointed out that Germans would never use a Rolls Royce for a staff car. They would have used a Mercedes-Benz or a Horch. However, this car was donated by an American traitor. Quotes Sallah: Please, what does it always mean, this... this "Junior"? Professor Henry Jones: That's his name. [points to himself] Professor Henry Jones: Henry Jones... [points to Indy] Professor Henry Jones: ...Junior. Indiana Jones: I like "Indiana." Professor Henry Jones: We named the *dog* Indiana. Marcus Brody: May we go home now, please? Sallah: The dog? [starts laughing] Sallah: You are named after the dog? HA HA HA...! Indiana Jones: I've got a lot of fond memories of that dog. Crazy credits The Paramount mountain dissolves into a mountain in the American West. Alternate versions In the Latin American Spanish version, the butler in the castle says "...and if you are a Scottish lord, then I am Popeye the Sailor (1933)." Connections Edited into Hollywood Burn (2006) Soundtracks You're a Sweet Little Headache (1939) by Leo Robin & Ralph Rainger Performed by Benny Goodman Courtesy of RCA Records, Cassettes & CD's User reviews633 Review Top review 9/10 Raiders Of The Last Crusade. Indiana Jones teams up with his father to try and locate the Holy Grail. Something that the Nazis are again particularly interested in themselves. We didn't know it at the time, but every Indiana Jones fan on the planet presumed that The Last Crusade was to be the final film to feature the intrepid archaeologist. As it turned out, another film would surface in 2008, but casting that aside (as many would like to do), Last Crusade should, and is, judged as the trilogy closer it was meant to be. In 1988 Steven Spielberg was deep into bringing Rain Man to fruition, all thoughts of Indiana Jones had gone by the wayside with the harshly judged part two, Temple Of Doom. In stepped George Lucas to politely remind Spielberg that they had an agreement to make another Indiana Jones picture, Spielberg no doubt obliged and humble, passed on his Rain Man work to Barry Levinson who promptly bagged himself an Oscar for the film. It can be guessed that Spielberg was probably grouchy around this period, but he needn't have worried, because The Last Crusade provided a much needed hit for not only himself (post Empire Of The Sun), but also Lucas (Willow) and Harrison Ford (Frantic). I mention the run up to this picture because it explains a lot on why the film is pretty much a retread of Raiders Of The Lost Ark, something that some detractors find unforgivable. Yet Last Crusade is still an immensely enjoyable adventure picture, with Spielberg proving that he was still capable of a popcorn bonanza. Using the Raiders formula and moving away from the dark flourishes of Temple Of Doom, Last Crusade is actually the simplest film of the three, but still it manages, courtesy of a sparkling casting decision, to become the most entertaining of the original trilogy. Is it better than Raiders? Of course not, but it positively rips along with sparky dialogue and an agenda of cliffhanging suspense like the adventure films of yore. In comes Sean Connery as Dr Jones Senior, and its the picture's trump card, because the magnificent interplay and obvious rapport with Ford (cool as a cucumber) is there for all to see. It's this what drives the film on through the more mundane and picture filler sequences, showcasing two top wily professionals with care and consideration to their craft. The casting of Alison Doody as the main female is a poor one, and one only has to look at her subsequent career post Crusade to see she wasn't up to the task here. Bonus comes in the form of the River Phoenix prologue, Phoenix as the young Indiana paves the way for the jaunty path that Crusade takes, whilst simultaneously giving us a nice little back story from which to launch the adventure. Made for $48 million, the film went on to gross $474,171,806 Worldwide, now that's a lot of people who evidently were happy with Raiders Of The Lost Ark 2! And I gleefully count myself amongst that number. 9/10 helpful•39 9 hitchcockthelegend Apr 6, 2009 FAQ22 Why was Dr. Elsa Schneider crying at the Nazi rally? How did Indy and Henry make it across Europe with no transportation, money, supplies and with the entire German army actively looking for them? Why does Indiana hate his father calling him Junior? Details Edit Release date May 24, 1989 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English German Greek Arabic Also known as 夺宝奇兵3 Filming locations Moab, Utah, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures Lucasfilm See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $48,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $197,171,806 Opening weekend US & Canada $29,355,021 May 28, 1989 Gross worldwide $474,171,806 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 7 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news 4K Movies: Start Your Collection with ‘The Suicide Squad’ and Other Films Nov 4Indiewire Why We'll Probably Never See A Feature-Length Love Actually Sequel Nov 3Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.