Inglourious Basterds (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0361748/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_85
Inglourious Basterds (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Inglourious Basterds 20092009 RR 2h 33m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 191 30 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:10 10 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureDramaWar In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a plan to assassinate Nazi leaders by a group of Jewish U.S. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner's vengeful plans for the same.In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a plan to assassinate Nazi leaders by a group of Jewish U.S. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner's vengeful plans for the same.In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a plan to assassinate Nazi leaders by a group of Jewish U.S. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner's vengeful plans for the same. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 191 30 Director Quentin Tarantino Writer Quentin Tarantino Stars Brad Pitt Diane Kruger Eli Roth Top credits Director Quentin Tarantino Writer Quentin Tarantino Stars Brad Pitt Diane Kruger Eli Roth See production, box office & company info 2KUser reviews 412Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #85 Won 1 Oscar 133 wins & 172 nominations total Videos10 Trailer 2:10 Inglourious Basterds: International Trailer Trailer 2:22 Inglourious Basterds -- Trailer #2 Clip 3:13 25 Years After 'Pulp Fiction', Tarantino Delivers a 'Hollywood' Masterwork Clip 1:13 Clip - Jail cell Interview 2:53 Troye Sivan on 'Boy Erased' and the Nicole Kidman Movie Everyone Has to See Interview 2:00 Inglourious Basterds: UK Red Carpet Premiere Interview 1:31 Quentin Tarantino introducing Jail cell clip from Cannes 2009 Promo 0:42 Inglourious Basterds Video 3:40 What Roles Did Brad Pitt Miss Out On? Video 3:21 What We Know About 'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood' ... So Far Photos501 Top cast Edit Brad Pitt Lt. Aldo Raineas Lt. Aldo Raine Diane Kruger Bridget von Hammersmarkas Bridget von Hammersmark Eli Roth Sgt. Donny Donowitzas Sgt. Donny Donowitz Mélanie Laurent Shosannaas Shosanna Christoph Waltz Col. Hans Landaas Col. Hans Landa Michael Fassbender Lt. Archie Hicoxas Lt. Archie Hicox Daniel Brühl Fredrick Zolleras Fredrick Zoller Til Schweiger Sgt. Hugo Stiglitzas Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz Gedeon Burkhard Cpl. Wilhelm Wickias Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki Jacky Ido Marcelas Marcel B.J. Novak Pfc. Smithson Utivichas Pfc. Smithson Utivich Omar Doom Pfc. Omar Ulmeras Pfc. Omar Ulmer August Diehl Major Hellstromas Major Hellstrom Denis Ménochet Perrier LaPaditeas Perrier LaPadite Sylvester Groth Joseph Goebbelsas Joseph Goebbels Martin Wuttke Hitleras Hitler Mike Myers General Ed Fenechas General Ed Fenech Julie Dreyfus Francesca Mondinoas Francesca Mondino Director Quentin Tarantino Writer Quentin Tarantino All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Django Unchained 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.2 Shutter Island 8.6 Se7en 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.8 Fight Club 8.8 Forrest Gump 6.5 Quel maledetto treno blindato 8.5 The Departed 8.8 Inception Storyline Edit In German-occupied France, young Jewish refugee Shosanna Dreyfus witnesses the slaughter of her family by Colonel Hans Landa. Narrowly escaping with her life, she plots her revenge several years later when German war hero Fredrick Zoller takes a rapid interest in her and arranges an illustrious movie premiere at the theater she now runs. With the promise of every major Nazi officer in attendance, the event catches the attention of the "Basterds", a group of Jewish-American guerrilla soldiers led by the ruthless Lt. Aldo Raine. As the relentless executioners advance and the conspiring young girl's plans are set in motion, their paths will cross for a fateful evening that will shake the very annals of history. —The Massie Twins revengeworld war twonazialternate historyfrance234 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Once upon a time in Nazi occupied France... Genres Adventure Drama War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong graphic violence, language and brief sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Quentin Tarantino was considering abandoning the film while the casting searched for someone to play Colonel Hans Landa took place, fearing he'd written a role that was unplayable. After Christoph Waltz auditioned, however, both Tarantino and producer Lawrence Bender agreed they had found the perfect actor for the role. Goofs In the final scene, Landa is handcuffed by Utivich, but when he is being "marked" by Raine, his hands are free and gripping the soil. Quotes Lt. Aldo Raine: My name is Lt. Aldo Raine and I'm putting together a special team, and I need me eight soldiers. Eight Jewish-American soldiers. Now, y'all might've heard rumors about the armada happening soon. Well, we'll be leaving a little earlier. We're gonna be dropped into France, dressed as civilians. And once we're in enemy territory, as a bushwhackin' guerrilla army, we're gonna be doin' one thing and one thing only... killin' Nazis. Now, I don't know about y'all, but I sure as hell didn't come down from the goddamn Smoky Mountains, cross five thousand miles of water, fight my way through half of Sicily and jump out of a fuckin' air-o-plane to teach the Nazis lessons in humanity. Nazi ain't got no humanity. They're the foot soldiers of a Jew-hatin', mass murderin' maniac and they need to be dee-stroyed. That's why any and every son of a bitch we find wearin' a Nazi uniform, they're gonna die. Now, I'm the direct descendant of the mountain man Jim Bridger. That means I got a little Injun in me. And our battle plan will be that of an Apache resistance. We will be cruel to the Germans, and through our cruelty they will know who we are. And they will find the evidence of our cruelty in the disemboweled, dismembered, and disfigured bodies of their brothers we leave behind us. And the German won't not be able to help themselves but to imagine the cruelty their brothers endured at our hands, and our boot heels, and the edge of our knives. And the German will be sickened by us, and the German will talk about us, and the German will fear us. And when the German closes their eyes at night and they're tortured by their subconscious for the evil they have done, it will be with thoughts of us they are tortured with. Sound good? Sgt. Donny Donowitz, Pfc. Hirschberg, Pfc. Andy Kagan, Pfc. Simon Sakowitz, Pfc. Omar Ulmer, Pfc. Smithson Utivich, Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki, Pfc. Michael Zimmerman: YES, SIR! Lt. Aldo Raine: That's what I like to hear. But I got a word of warning for all you would-be warriors. When you join my command, you take on debit. A debit you owe me personally. Each and every man under my command owes me one hundred Nazi scalps. And I want my scalps. And all y'all will git me one hundred Nazi scalps, taken from the heads of one hundred dead Nazis. Or you will die tryin'. Crazy credits Both the opening and closing credits change fonts numerous times, displaying typefaces seen in a variety of earlier and subsequent Tarantino films. Alternate versions In Russia, two versions of the movie exist. One for the general showings, which has all dialogs dubbed into Russian except for French and Italian; and another, so-called "director's cut" where only the English passages are dubbed into Russian and the rest is subtitled. Connections Featured in The 81st Annual Academy Awards (2009) Soundtracks THE GREEN LEAVES OF SUMMER (1960) Written by Dimitri Tiomkin, Paul Francis Webster Performed by The Nick Perito Orchestra Courtesy of Capitol Records Under license from EMI Film & Television Music User reviews2K Review Top review Not for critics, but people who love a good movie Some critics might claim to need a code key to interpret what Tarantino means by this revisionist adventure film, but I'd say it's right under their up-turned noses: There's a great little scene where Mike Meyers plays a British military man who anticipates attacking a Nazi film premiere so he brings in an a film critic as an adviser. This may or may not be necessary but it does allow for a dialogue exchange like: Meyers: What do you do? Critic: I am a film critic. Meyers: What are your accomplishments? Even though the critic goes on to list some compilation books, it may as well be a rhetorical question. Tarantino thumbs his nose at convention and that is part of the movie's appeal. His movies are often about movies as much as they are about the content at hand. Yet he still manages to sustain genuine tension. The opening Nazi interrogation of a French farmer and a later a tavern basement guessing game scene must have had whopping page counts but they play out as chapters and remain engrossing high stakes set pieces. In the same film he can introduce a character by throwing a title onto the screen as if this member of the "Basterds" was cool enough to have his own movie, or play a 1980's David Bowie song while a woman prepares to do battle in her own way while Nazi flags hang outside the window. The movie takes place in an alternate universe that could either be a dream or the unreality of the grind-house era Tarantino has celebrated in Kill Bill and, well, Grindhouse. Anyone with a brain will get that. If that sounds good, see it. I notice now there are blurbs about "how Jewish critics feel" about the movie. Well, those who go to a movie with a deliberately misspelled title knowing it is a revisionist fantasy and can't bear to see the character of Hitler as the butt of the joke don't have an opinion worthy of note. If you are an expert on NASA, your views on George Lucas' Star Wars movies are not necessarily of use to me. In fact it's a little galling that such a critic-proof designation as "Jewish critic" should be trotted out. They can say what they like about a sensitive document with the intentions of Schindler's List and God bless them. But if someone gets his boxers in a bunch over slapstick Nazis or clueless Hitler autographing the Grain Diary for Indiana Jones, then they just aren't going to be the right audience for Inglourious Basterds. In fact they shouldn't be watching fun movies at all. They should try staring at a blank wall and talking to themselves rather than type up their blather. But it's not all fun. Sad things do happen and unfortunate events occur in this movie. The tension even in dialogue does come from the danger of having a Nazi at the table or someone daring to ask him to leave. But when you get reviewers comparing the Basterds to Al Qaida I think we can excuse those critics from the table as well. Or call Eli Roth over to them and yell "Play ball!" helpful•167 175 Jawsphobia Aug 22, 2009 FAQ35 What is "Inglourious Basterds" about? Is "Inglourious Basterds" based on a book? Is this a remake of "Inglorious Bastards"? Details Edit Release date August 20, 2009 (Germany) Countries of origin United States Germany Official sites Official Facebook Official site (Russia) Languages English German French Italian Also known as 无耻混蛋 Filming locations Paris, France Production companies Universal Pictures The Weinstein Company A Band Apart See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $70,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $120,540,719 Opening weekend US & Canada $38,054,676 Aug 23, 2009 Gross worldwide $321,457,747 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 33 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Spain’s Seville European Film Festival Honors Daniel Bruhl, Strengthens Its Industry Edge Nov 5Variety Film + TV Lionsgate Reports Quarterly Earnings, Will Explore Starz Sale or Spinoff Nov 4Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.