Intouchables (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1675434/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_46
Intouchables (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Intouchables 20112011 RR 1h 52m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 804K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 686 130 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:19 2 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyComedyDrama After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 804K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 686 130 Directors Olivier Nakache Éric Toledano Writers Olivier Nakache Philippe Pozzo di Borgo(adapted from his autobiographical tale Le Second Souffle) Éric Toledano Stars François Cluzet Omar Sy Anne Le Ny Top credits Directors Olivier Nakache Éric Toledano Writers Olivier Nakache Philippe Pozzo di Borgo(adapted from his autobiographical tale Le Second Souffle) Éric Toledano Stars François Cluzet Omar Sy Anne Le Ny See production, box office & company info 720User reviews 331Critic reviews 57Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #46 Awards 38 wins & 40 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:19 U.S. Version Promo 0:35 The Intouchables Photos126 Top cast Edit François Cluzet Philippeas Philippe Omar Sy Drissas Driss Anne Le Ny Yvonneas Yvonne Audrey Fleurot Magalieas Magalie Joséphine de Meaux La DRH société de coursesas La DRH société de courses Clotilde Mollet Marcelleas Marcelle Alba Gaïa Bellugi Elisaas Elisa Cyril Mendy Adamaas Adama Salimata Kamate Fatouas Fatou Absa Diatou Toure Minaas Mina Grégoire Oestermann Antoineas Antoine Dominique Daguier Amie de Philippeas Amie de Philippe François Caron Ami de Philippeas Ami de Philippe Christian Ameri Albertas Albert Thomas Solivérès Bastien - dit le Plumeauas Bastien - dit le Plumeau (as Thomas Soliveres) Dorothée Brière Eléonoreas Eléonore (as Dorothée Briere Meritte) Marie-Laure Descoureaux Femme de chambreas Femme de chambre Émilie Caen Galeristeas Galeriste (as Emilie Caen) Directors Olivier Nakache Éric Toledano Writers Olivier Nakache Philippe Pozzo di Borgo(adapted from his autobiographical tale Le Second Souffle) Éric Toledano All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 La vita è bella 8.5 The Pianist 8.6 The Green Mile 8.5 Whiplash 8.5 Léon 8.6 Se7en 8.5 American History X 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.5 The Prestige 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.5 The Departed 8.4 Django Unchained Storyline Edit In Paris, the aristocratic and intellectual Philippe is a quadriplegic millionaire who is interviewing candidates for the position of his carer, with his red-haired secretary Magalie. Out of the blue, Driss cuts the line of candidates and brings a document from the Social Security and asks Phillipe to sign it to prove that he is seeking a job position so he can receive his unemployment benefit. Philippe challenges Driss, offering him a trial period of one month to gain experience helping him. Then Driss can decide whether he would like to stay with him or not. Driss accepts the challenge and moves to the mansion, changing the boring life of Phillipe and his employees. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil class differencescaregiverblack white friendshipdisabled personrich poor114 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Sometimes you have to reach into someone else's world to find out what's missing in your own. Genres Biography Comedy Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language and some drug use Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Although the real-life 'Driss' was a young Algerian man called Abdel, directors Éric Toledano and Olivier Nakache changed the character's nationality to Senegalese, as they had enjoyed working with Omar Sy on Tellement proches (2009), and really wanted him to play the part. Sy also had the experience of living in the impoverished French suburbs, just like Driss. Goofs When the police car first appears behind Driss, you can hear a short burst of the siren, which is clearly an American-inspired tone (also used in UK etc.) When the pursuit begins, the police car has the recognizable and correct French siren tone. Quotes Philippe: My true disability is not having to be in a wheel chair. It's having to be without her. Crazy credits 5% of the profits from the film will be donated to the Association Simon of Cyrene - 15 rue de Suffren - 75015 Paris whose purpose is to create shared living spaces for disabled adults and friends. Connections Featured in De wereld draait door: Episode #7.128 (2012) Soundtracks September (Maurice White/Allee Willis/Al McKay) Performed by Earth Wind & Fire (as Earth, Wind & Fire) User reviews720 Review Top review Probably the best French film for years Being french and a film maker myself, I have high standards for ratings, and this one definitely deserves in 10/10. I've not seen a film showing our world with such humour in a long time. The jokes are absurd and possibly, with a touch of British humour to them. The directing is beautiful, the acting is incredible, the shots are somehow truthful, if I can say that about a shot. It may be Omar Sy's first time in a leading role, for a major production, but he really delivered, and not just in the funny parts, the delivery of emotions was just spotless. Francois Cluzet was also just as brilliant, as he usually is. I will be recommending this film to everyone, and seriously hoping it will be released in the UK soon enough for me to see it again! Only negative aspect... the Americans are thinking of doing a remake... why do they always have to? I mean would you reconsider remaking the "Joconde" or the Sixtine Chapel to American standards? Film is an art like any other, it travels the world as it is... no need for remakes... helpful•572 85 fionadliliane-cross Nov 14, 2011 FAQ2 Is this film based on a book? Details Edit Release date November 2, 2011 (France) Country of origin France Official site Official Facebook Languages French English Also known as 触不可及 Filming locations Cabourg, Calvados, France Production companies Quad Ten Films Canal+ See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €9,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $10,198,820 Opening weekend US & Canada $103,507 May 27, 2012 Gross worldwide $426,588,510 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 52 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Taylor Swift Delivers Passionate Performance of ‘All Too Well’ on ‘Saturday Night Live’ Nov 14Variety Film + TV The 4th Annual Celebration of Black Cinema & Television from Critics Choice Association Drops Final List of Nominees Nov 10TVfanatic Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Intouchables (2011) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.