Iron Sky (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034314/?ref_=nws_nwr_hd
Iron Sky (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Iron Sky 20122012 RR 1h 33m IMDb RATING 5.9/10 93K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,807 230 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:03 4 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureComedy The Nazis set up a secret base on the dark side of the moon in 1945 where they hide out and plan to return to power in 2018.The Nazis set up a secret base on the dark side of the moon in 1945 where they hide out and plan to return to power in 2018.The Nazis set up a secret base on the dark side of the moon in 1945 where they hide out and plan to return to power in 2018. IMDb RATING 5.9/10 93K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,807 230 Director Timo Vuorensola Writers Jarmo Puskala(original concept) Johanna Sinisalo(based on a story by) Michael Kalesniko(screenplay by) Stars Julia Dietze Christopher Kirby Götz Otto Top credits Director Timo Vuorensola Writers Jarmo Puskala(original concept) Johanna Sinisalo(based on a story by) Michael Kalesniko(screenplay by) Stars Julia Dietze Christopher Kirby Götz Otto See production, box office & company info 329User reviews 239Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 2 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:03 U.S. Version Trailer 2:02 Iron Sky Trailer 1:55 Iron Sky Trailer 1:45 Iron Sky Teaser 2 Photos566 Top cast Edit Julia Dietze Renate Richteras Renate Richter Christopher Kirby James Washingtonas James Washington Götz Otto Klaus Adleras Klaus Adler Udo Kier Wolfgang Kortzfleischas Wolfgang Kortzfleisch Peta Sergeant Vivian Wagneras Vivian Wagner Stephanie Paul President of the United Statesas President of the United States Tilo Prückner Doktor Richteras Doktor Richter Michael Cullen Secretary of Defenceas Secretary of Defence Kym Jackson Officer McLennanas Officer McLennan Ben Siemer Sandersas Sanders Tom Hoßbach Dieteras Dieter (as Tom Hossbach) Milo Kaukomaa Siegfriedas Siegfried Vivian Schneider Brunhildeas Brunhilde Fang Yu Chinese Representativeas Chinese Representative (as Fang You) Irshad Panjatan Indian Representativeas Indian Representative Claus Wilcke Russian Representativeas Russian Representative (as Claus Wilke) Samir Fuchs Middle East Representativeas Middle East Representative Monika Gossmann Designer #1as Designer #1 Director Timo Vuorensola Writers Jarmo Puskala(original concept) Johanna Sinisalo(based on a story by) Michael Kalesniko(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.0 Iron Sky: The Coming Race The Ark: An Iron Sky Story 5.4 Iron Sky: Donald Trump Finds Out 6.6 Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning Iron Sky 6.5 Test pilota Pirxa 5.8 Star Wreck 2pi: Full Twist, Now! 6.0 Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow 4.4 Star Wreck 6.3 Død snø Iron Sky 5.8 The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Storyline Edit In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers. When American astronaut James Washington puts down his Lunar Lander a bit too close to the secret Nazi base, the Moon Führer decides the glorious moment of retaking the Earth has arrived sooner than expected. Washington claims the mission is just a publicity stunt for the President of the United States, but what else could the man be but a scout for the imminent attack by Earth forces? The Fourth Reich must act. Two Nazi officers, ruthless Klaus Adler and idealistic Renate Richter, travel to Earth to prepare the invasion. In the end when the Moon Nazi UFO armada darkens the skies, ready to strike at the unprepared Earth, every man, woman and nation alike, must re-evaluate their priorities. —Jarmo Puskala naziouter spacenazismoondark side of the moon51 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines In 1945 The Nazis Went To The Moon. In 2018 They Are Coming Back. Genres Action Adventure Comedy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language and some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Adler says Moon Nazi invasion on Earth begins at 5:45 a.m., exactly like the German invasion on Poland that triggered World War Two. Goofs On Earth, Klaus Adler comments a 1971 Volkswagen Type 2 Microbus with the words, "Ah - ein Kleinbus!" While that is a correct word for the vehicle, there is no way he could have known what it was, since the Type 2 wasn't conceived until the late 1940s - and even when it went into production in 1949, it looked very different from the post-1968 model in the movie. There were also no other small vans (Kleinbusse in German) in Germany before 1945; with the word Kleinbus, Germans of that era would likely have identified a small city bus or coach, not a vehicle sized like a passenger car. Quotes James Washington: Remember me? The moon spook you turned into a snowflake? Crazy credits There is a post-credits scene. Alternate versions The Director's Cut adds 20 minutes of scenes not seen in the theatrical version. Connections Featured in Willkommen Österreich: Die 138. Sendung: Götz Otto & Ingrid Thunrnher (2011) Soundtracks Take Me to Heaven Written by I Dovzan and Laibach Performed by Laibach with Miha Dovzan (zither), Severa Gjurin (vox), Niko Zlobko (guitar), Robi Pikl (slide guitar) and Iron Sky Choir User reviews329 Review Top review 7/10 Good fun US astronauts disturb a Nazi moonbase, and the Nazis launch an expedition to earth to pick up a computer tablet to power their final invasion using a super-fuel mined from the moon. Hectic spoof sci-fi that's totally illogical, full of plot holes, and yet turns into a good satire. Effects are done really well, plenty of other movies referred to (including the music), and closest in spirit probably to Flash Gordon from 1980. It does hurry itself along, so the pace is good but at the expense I think of decent character based gags. The acting was good, particularly the females - the lead was very charming, and the president and her sidekick were mean and brisk. A final plus is that some US reviewers don't like fun being poked at their awful political system. Overall not great, but it was refreshing. helpful•19 6 begob May 11, 2015 FAQ2 Where did the idea for this movie come from? What are the differences between the Theatrical Version and the Director's Cut? Details Edit Release date April 4, 2012 (Finland) Countries of origin Finland Germany Australia France Norway Belgium Denmark United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Official Facebook (United Kingdom) Languages English German Also known as Залізне небо Filming locations Warner Roadshow Studios, Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia Production companies Blind Spot Pictures Oy 27 Films Production New Holland Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €7,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $122,082 Gross worldwide $10,109,659 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 33 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ Nov 17The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Teaser Trailer for 'Jeepers Creepers: Reborn' Monster Horror Reboot Oct 28firstshowing.net Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Iron Sky (2012) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.