Iron Man (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0371746?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=8e65ff90-3987-46a6-9b46-da7ab4040279&pf_rd_r=BNTB33X6TAS8JN5BF1CM&pf_rd_s=center-14&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=starmeterawards&ref_=fea_sma_sma_stan_lk3
Iron Man (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Iron Man 20082008 PG-13PG-13 2h 6m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 992K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 333 158 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:30 23 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil.After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil.After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 992K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 333 158 Director Jon Favreau Writers Mark Fergus(screenplay) Hawk Ostby(screenplay) Art Marcum(screenplay) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Gwyneth Paltrow Terrence Howard Top credits Director Jon Favreau Writers Mark Fergus(screenplay) Hawk Ostby(screenplay) Art Marcum(screenplay) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Gwyneth Paltrow Terrence Howard See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 551Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 21 wins & 73 nominations total Videos23 Trailer 2:30 Iron Man Clip 3:45 Movie Scavenger Hunt: Can You Find These MCU Easter Eggs? Clip 1:02 Jon Favreau Glad He Put Faith in Robert Downey Jr. and 'Iron Man' Clip 3:54 How Marvel's Been Paving the Way for Shang-Chi Clip 3:02 'Avengers: Endgame' White Suits Are Probably NOT for Outer Space Clip 10:47 How Thanos Got Six Infinity Stones in 10 Minutes Clip 0:52 Iron Man Clip 0:47 Iron Man Clip 0:42 Iron Man Clip 0:36 Iron Man Clip 0:39 Tony Stark Confronted by a Vanity Fair Reporter Clip 0:52 Iron Man Photos341 Top cast Edit Robert Downey Jr. Tony Starkas Tony Stark Gwyneth Paltrow Pepper Pottsas Pepper Potts Terrence Howard Rhodeyas Rhodey Jeff Bridges Obadiah Staneas Obadiah Stane Leslie Bibb Christine Everhartas Christine Everhart Shaun Toub Yinsenas Yinsen Faran Tahir Razaas Raza Clark Gregg Agent Coulsonas Agent Coulson Bill Smitrovich General Gabrielas General Gabriel Sayed Badreya Abu Bakaaras Abu Bakaar Paul Bettany JARVISas JARVIS (voice) Jon Favreau Hoganas Hogan Peter Billingsley William Ginter Rivaas William Ginter Riva Tim Guinee Major Allenas Major Allen Will Lyman Award Ceremony Narratoras Award Ceremony Narrator (voice) Tom Morello Guardas Guard Marco Khan Guardas Guard Khalili Dastan Guardas Guard (as Daston Kalili) Director Jon Favreau Writers Mark Fergus(screenplay) Hawk Ostby(screenplay) Art Marcum(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Which A-List Actors Were Almost in 'Iron Man'? Which A-List Actors Were Almost in 'Iron Man'? The Marvel Cinematic Universe launched with Robert Downey Jr. in Iron Man, but he almost didn't get the part. See what other actors were up for the role.Find out 2:45 More like this 7.0 Iron Man 2 7.1 Iron Man Three 6.9 Captain America: The First Avenger 8.0 The Avengers 7.0 Thor 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.3 Ant-Man 6.8 Thor: The Dark World 7.5 Doctor Strange 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Storyline Edit Tony Stark. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. Son of legendary inventor and weapons contractor Howard Stark. When Tony Stark is assigned to give a weapons presentation to an Iraqi unit led by Lt. Col. James Rhodes, he's given a ride on enemy lines. That ride ends badly when Stark's Humvee that he's riding in is attacked by enemy combatants. He survives - barely - with a chest full of shrapnel and a car battery attached to his heart. In order to survive he comes up with a way to miniaturize the battery and figures out that the battery can power something else. Thus Iron Man is born. He uses the primitive device to escape from the cave in Iraq. Once back home, he then begins work on perfecting the Iron Man suit. But the man who was put in charge of Stark Industries has plans of his own to take over Tony's technology for other matters. —halo1k billionaireinventorrobot suitbased on comicmarvel cinematic universe392 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Heroes aren't born. They're built. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some intense sequences of sci-fi action and violence, and brief suggestive content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Jon Favreau wanted Robert Downey Jr. because he felt the actor's past was right for the part. He commented: "The best and worst moments of Robert's life have been in the public eye. He had to find an inner balance to overcome obstacles that went far beyond his career. That's Tony Stark. Robert brings a depth that goes beyond a comic book character having trouble in high school, or can't get the girl." Favreau also felt Downey could make Stark "a likable asshole," but also depict an authentic emotional journey once he won over the audience. Goofs (at around 2 mins) Though it makes for a good kidnapping, in reality, US soldiers are specifically trained to never to stop when ambushed in a convoy. Quotes [last lines] Tony Stark: There's been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred on the freeway and the rooftop... Christine Everheart: I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that conveniently appeared, despite the fact that... Tony Stark: I know that it's confusing. It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a superhero. Christine Everheart: I never said you were a superhero. Tony Stark: Didn't? Christine Everheart: Mmm-mmm. Tony Stark: Well, good, because that would be outlandish and, uh, fantastic. I'm just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public. Rhodey: [whispers to Tony] Just stick to the cards, man. Tony Stark: Yeah, okay. [holds up his notes and pauses] Tony Stark: The truth is... [puts cards down] Tony Stark: I am Iron Man. Crazy credits SPOILER: A scene appears after the closing credits: Tony Stark arrives home to find SHIELD director Nick Fury waiting for him so that they can discuss the Avengers Initiative. This leads into The Avengers (2012) (a superhero team of which Iron Man is a founding member). Alternate versions German theatrical version was cut (ca. 4 minutes) by distributor Concorde prior to submitting the film to the FSK since they desperately wanted a "Not under 12" rating. Ironically, when submitting the uncut version for the home video release, it was rated "Not under 12" as well, making the cut version even more unnecessary. Connections Edited into Spider-Man: Far from Home (2019) Soundtracks Back In Black Written by Brian Johnson, Malcolm Young and Angus Young Performed by AC/DC Courtesy of Columbia Records By Arrangement with SONY BMG Music Entertainment User reviews1.4K Review Top review 9/10 Don't waste your life, Stark With a B-list superhero, a risky lead actor, a genre that hasn't really done much other than say Nolan's Batman, this movie had a lot to prove. Wow, did it ever. It proved that superhero movies can be realistic, emotional, funny and have highly entertaining action. This is the movie to launch the MCU, and started the shared universe that DC comics and other franchises are following. Let's start with the number one reason why this movie is so good: Robert Downey Jr. I am so glad that Jon Favreau kept pressing the studio to make sure RDJ had this role because he completely nails it. He effortlessly portrays the cool, sarcastic, alcoholic, playboy that I don't even think he's acting. He's clearly not perfect as he is the guy we think is awesome but don't necessarily want to be. This role is basically synonymous with RDJ now because you can't think of Tony Stark without immediately thinking of RDJ. Iron Man wasn't a househeld name before but thanks to RDJ's performance, it is now. The action in this movie is incredible as you get to see him fly around, take on terrorist cells and fight the main villain. What I even found to more intriguing is Stark's entire time building his suit, both in the Afghan cave and in his garage because it is amazing to see his genius at work, while still being snarky and basically a tool. The writing and humor is also very good in this movie. I read that a lot of the lines, especially RDJ's were improv, which is able to keep this movie very fresh, not Rotten Tomatoes style, but it helps a lot by breaking the molds of superhero movies. A couple complaints in this film is the pacing and the final villain. The pacing starts off very well, not really rushing into him being Iron Man, establishing his character very well before his abilities. Then the final battle comes around and it's basically just an evil version of his character, which sort of works with the problem of his technology getting into wrong hands, but the fact that it's just fighting a mirror is kind of boring. The final battle comes around pretty quick and it resolved fairly quick as if they are trying to wrap it up really quickly. I did like Bridges' Obadiah Stane with his intimidating yet charming persona but in the end he was just a reverse of Iron Man, not that interesting. + Robert Downey Jr + Fresh, new start for superhero movies + Writing and pacing (mostly) + Action and Humor - Final Villain Final Score: 9.3/10 helpful•63 7 jhudson-11704 Jul 27, 2017 FAQ23 What is 'Iron Man' about? Is "Iron Man" based on a book? Who or what is the Invincible Iron Man? Details Edit Release date April 30, 2008 (China) Countries of origin United States Canada Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Persian Urdu Arabic Kurdish Hindi Hungarian Also known as 钢铁侠 Filming locations Alabama Hills, Lone Pine, California, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures Marvel Enterprises Marvel Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $140,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $319,034,126 Opening weekend US & Canada $98,618,668 May 4, 2008 Gross worldwide $585,796,247 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 6 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Link Tank: Why the MCU Needs to Embrace Comic-Accurate X-Men Costumes Nov 16Den of Geek Movie Review: The Eternals Nov 13TVovermind.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Iron Man (2008) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.