It Follows (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3235888/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
It Follows (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In It Follows 20142014 RR 1h 40m IMDb RATING 6.8/10 225K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 346 79 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:46 4 Videos 99+ Photos HorrorMysteryThriller A young woman is followed by an unknown supernatural force after a sexual encounter.A young woman is followed by an unknown supernatural force after a sexual encounter.A young woman is followed by an unknown supernatural force after a sexual encounter. IMDb RATING 6.8/10 225K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 346 79 Director David Robert Mitchell Writer David Robert Mitchell Stars Maika Monroe Keir Gilchrist Olivia Luccardi Top credits Director David Robert Mitchell Writer David Robert Mitchell Stars Maika Monroe Keir Gilchrist Olivia Luccardi See production, box office & company info 1.1KUser reviews 444Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 25 wins & 43 nominations Videos4 Trailer 1:46 International Trailer Trailer 2:11 Sundance Trailer Clip 1:29 All About Keir Gilchrist Clip 1:08 It Follows Photos164 Top cast Edit Maika Monroe Jay Heightas Jay Height Keir Gilchrist Paulas Paul Olivia Luccardi Yaraas Yara Lili Sepe Kelly Heightas Kelly Height Bailey Spry Annieas Annie Carollette Phillips Woman with Groceriesas Woman with Groceries Loren Bass Annie's Fatheras Annie's Father Charles Gertner Neighbor Boyas Neighbor Boy Debbie Williams Mrs. Heightas Mrs. Height (as Deborah Williams) Jake Weary Hughas Hugh… Daniel Zovatto Greg Hanniganas Greg Hannigan Ruby Harris Mrs. Redmondas Mrs. Redmond Leisa Pulido Mrs. Hanniganas Mrs. Hannigan D.J. Oliver Police Officeras Police Officer (as DJ Oliver) Linda Boston Teacheras Teacher (as Linda B. Boston-Gilbert) Ingrid Mortimer Old Woman in Pajamasas Old Woman in Pajamas Kourtney Bell Chatting Girlas Chatting Girl Alexyss Spradlin Girl in Kitchenas Girl in Kitchen Director David Robert Mitchell Writer David Robert Mitchell All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 The Babadook 7.0 The Cabin in the Woods 6.9 The VVitch: A New-England Folktale 7.3 Hereditary 6.8 Sinister 6.8 Us 6.8 The Autopsy of Jane Doe 7.7 Get Out 7.0 Green Room 5.2 It Follows 2 Slowly 7.2 The Descent It Follows Storyline Edit For nineteen-year-old Jay, Autumn should be about school, boys and week-ends out at the lake. But after a seemingly innocent sexual encounter, she finds herself plagued by strange visions and the inescapable sense that someone, something, is following her. Faced with this burden, Jay and her friends must find a way to escape the horrors, that seem to be only a few steps behind. —Jose Tamayo tied to a wheelchairbeing followedteenage girlsupernatural beingchloroform226 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It doesn't think. It doesn't feel. It doesn't give up. Genres Horror Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for disturbing violent and sexual content including graphic nudity, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film's concept derives from a recurring nightmare the director used to have, where he would be stalked by a predator that continually walked slowly towards him. Goofs (at around 1h 20 mins) "It" would have no reason to climb on Jay's roof, always taking the most direct route to the cursed, through a door or window. However, when talking to Hugh/Jeff he says that "It" is still taunting him despite Jay being the most recent target. If Jay had sex with one or more of the men on the boat, as implied but never directly stated, then this would be a similar taunt. Quotes Hugh: It could look like someone you know or it could be a stranger in a crowd. Whatever helps it get close to you. Crazy credits There are no opening credits at all, and the title does not appear on-screen until the end of the film. Alternate versions The volume level of the music was substantially louder in the theatrical version than in the 2015 Blu-Ray and DVD release. Connections Featured in Film '72: Episode #44.2 (2015) Soundtracks Weapons of Velvet Written and Performed by Dan Cantrell Courtesy of Dan Cantrell User reviews1.1K Review Top review 8/10 Even through shortcomings and mixed ideas, the film's heart is always evident Right before I saw David Robert Mitchell's "It Follows" at my local theater, I was greeted with previews for forthcoming supernatural horror films like "Before I Wake," "Insidious: Chapter 3," and the remake of "Poltergeist," all of which could've probably taken clips from one another and I wouldn't have even noticed. This is how basic and thoroughly unimpressive horror has gotten over the last few years and why we need to support films like this one. Is "It Follows" worthy of such praise along the lines of "the best horror film of the decade," "one of the scariest films ever made," and so forth? Sadly, no. I sometimes think critics either speak too soon or simply want to see their name stamped before advertisements, claiming such outlandish assertions that could not only be disingenuous to their actual viewpoints but, in turn, set unrealistic expectations up for films that leave the audiences disappointed. Make no mistake however, for "It Follows" is definitely worth seeing and is bound to be one of the strongest horror films of the year. Even if we consider its few shortcomings and some instances of serious monotony, I'm more than happy to support this little festival darling and commend it for what it does well. As I stated, just before you settle into watch the film, you'll more than likely see previews for horror films made by people and studios who have simply stopped trying to make good, memorable films and copped out at settling for mediocrity. Here's to a film that went left when most of the pack went right. After an opening sequence that hooks you from how absurd it is, we focus on Jay and Hugh (Maika Monroe and Jake Weary), a couple of twentysomethings out on a movie date. In the theater, Hugh notices a woman in a yellow dress, who apparently cannot be seen by Jay or anyone else, and orders her out of the theater. When the two are alone in their car, following sex, Hugh takes a chloroform rag to Jay, knocking her unconscious and ties her to a wheelchair. It's here when Hugh informs Jay that something has been following him for a long time but only he can see it. It often appears to be a naked woman, but can take the form of anyone, even the people you know and love, and passing it on occurs by having sex with another person. The soul will follow whomever is affected by its curse at walking pace, and if it catches up to Jay, it will kill her, and proceed to go after Hugh. "It Follows" is an early candidate for one of the most beautifully shot films of the year, and more than likely to be the most beautiful looking horror film of 2015. It has a delightful moodiness to its cinematography, captured crisply by Mike Gioulakis, as it uses a dark purple, gray, and teal color palette to look simultaneously uninviting and immersing. Colors like blood red boom with the feel and visual power that echoes Dario Argento, almost like an homage to "Suspiria" in look and feel. The story moves with the kind of slowburn intensity we've seen from horror directors John Carpenter and Wes Craven, or even Ti West, if we're talking more contemporary. The real aesthetic treat here is how Disasterpeace's music combines with the film's cinematography. The use of heavy, bass-rattling synthesizers makes the film look and operate like a horror film of the 1980's to the point where looming tension becomes almost overcompensating in the way it appears to be taking over the entire film. The synths are loud and unsettling, and at times, can really propel the film to a suspenseful climax. Other times, however, they are obnoxious for the sake of being obnoxious and slightly disrupt the tonality Mitchell sets by making the film operate on a low-key playing field. While the plot appears confusing, "It Follows" is surprising in how little there really is to it. Teenagers walk around, run from ostensibly nothing, comfort one another through sex and aimless conversations, and assure one another that it will all be okay amongst discussing different ways to combat this force. It's almost like Larry Clark made another horror film, as the tonal shifts feel like they're almost part of a coming of age film in addition to a horror film. These shifts aren't bad, however, as they function nicely to the film's more suspenseful elements by slowing the action down but never coming to a grinding halt. There's an unevenness, but it's not made as apparent as one would presume. I find this is largely because of how well everyone works together here. With Gioulakis evoking consuming cinematography, Disasterpeace emphasizing a score that's alive and intense, Mitchell taking screen writing and directorial risks for his genre (employing long, clean shots that provide for a beautiful sense of location), "It Follows" is sound on almost all fronts. The only negatives that arise from the film are occasional structural burdens, or the fact that, towards the end of the film, its idea seems to change to fit the situation and create something unexpected. Nonetheless, "It Follows" is a film to see and support, for it's one of those many opportunities we have as consumers that we keep blowing to see quality entertainment. It's almost like voting in elections; vote now and hopefully experience something that will satisfy you in the future. Even if "It Follows" isn't the perfect gem some have claimed, I'd rather see a pretty good independent horror film than a mediocre or downright abysmal carbon-copy that's spit into 3,000+ theaters with nothing but money in mind. There's heart in "It Follows" and that, at all times, is evident. helpful•84 74 StevePulaski Mar 30, 2015 FAQ5 What is "It"? How fast can "it" travel? What year does the film take place in? Details Edit Release date March 13, 2015 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Page Official site Language English Also known as Cuộc Đi Săn Của Quỷ Filming locations Redford Theatre, Detroit, Michigan, USA Production companies Northern Lights Films Animal Kingdom Two Flints See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $14,674,076 Opening weekend US & Canada $160,089 Mar 15, 2015 Gross worldwide $21,947,454 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 40 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news *Updated* Daily Dead’s 2021 Halloween Horrors TV Viewing Guide Oct 25DailyDead ‘Joy Ride’, Gay Panic and the Real-Life Case of Matthew Shepard [Horror Queers Podcast] Oct 11bloody-disgusting.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of It Follows (2014) in Australia?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.