It Happened One Night (1934) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0025316/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_240
It Happened One Night (1934) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In It Happened One Night 19341934 PassedPassed 1h 45m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 100K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,895 589 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:31 2 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyRomance A renegade reporter trailing a young runaway heiress for a big story joins her on a bus heading from Florida to New York, and they end up stuck with each other when the bus leaves them behin... Read allA renegade reporter trailing a young runaway heiress for a big story joins her on a bus heading from Florida to New York, and they end up stuck with each other when the bus leaves them behind at one of the stops.A renegade reporter trailing a young runaway heiress for a big story joins her on a bus heading from Florida to New York, and they end up stuck with each other when the bus leaves them behind at one of the stops. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 100K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,895 589 Director Frank Capra Writers Robert Riskin(screen play) Samuel Hopkins Adams(based on the short story by) Stars Clark Gable Claudette Colbert Walter Connolly Top credits Director Frank Capra Writers Robert Riskin(screen play) Samuel Hopkins Adams(based on the short story by) Stars Clark Gable Claudette Colbert Walter Connolly See production, box office & company info 325User reviews 126Critic reviews 87Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #240 Won 5 Oscars 11 wins & 2 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:31 It Happened One Night -- Trailer Video 1:15 It Happened One Night | Anniversary Mashup Photos117 Top cast Edit Clark Gable Peter Warneas Peter Warne Claudette Colbert Ellie Andrewsas Ellie Andrews Walter Connolly Alexander Andrewsas Alexander Andrews Roscoe Karns Oscar Shapeleyas Oscar Shapeley Jameson Thomas King Westleyas King Westley Alan Hale Dankeras Danker Arthur Hoyt Zekeas Zeke Blanche Friderici Zeke's Wifeas Zeke's Wife Charles C. Wilson Joe Gordonas Joe Gordon Ernie Adams The Bag Thiefas The Bag Thief (uncredited) Jessie Arnold Woman at Auto Campas Woman at Auto Camp (uncredited) Irving Bacon Gas Station Attendantas Gas Station Attendant (uncredited) William Bailey Clarkas Clark (uncredited) William Begg Wedding Party Guestas Wedding Party Guest (uncredited) William A. Boardway Wedding Guestas Wedding Guest (uncredited) Ward Bond Bus Driver #1as Bus Driver #1 (uncredited) Harry C. Bradley Hendersonas Henderson (uncredited) George P. Breakston Boy Bus Passengeras Boy Bus Passenger (uncredited) Director Frank Capra Writers Robert Riskin(screen play) Samuel Hopkins Adams(based on the short story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington 8.1 Rebecca 8.1 Gone with the Wind 8.2 All About Eve 8.3 Double Indemnity 8.1 Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans 8.1 The General 8.1 On the Waterfront 8.2 To Be or Not to Be 8.2 Some Like It Hot 7.9 Mr. Deeds Goes to Town 8.3 The Apartment Storyline Edit Ellie Andrews has just tied the knot with society aviator King Westley when she is whisked away to her father's yacht and out of King's clutches. Ellie jumps ship and eventually winds up on a bus headed back to her husband. Reluctantly she must accept the help of out-of- work reporter Peter Warne. Actually, Warne doesn't give her any choice: either she sticks with him until he gets her back to her husband, or he'll blow the whistle on Ellie to her father. Either way, Peter gets what (he thinks!) he wants .... a really juicy newspaper story. —A.L.Beneteau <albl@inforamp.net> busreporterspoiled brathaystackfather daughter relationship188 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Two great lovers of the screen in the grandest of romantic comedies ! Genres Comedy Romance Certificate Passed Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Clark Gable gave the Oscar he won for his performance in this movie to a child who admired it, telling him it was the winning of the statue that had mattered, not owning it. The child returned the Oscar to the Gable family after Clark's death. Goofs After King lands and taxis in the autogyro, apparently the sole occupant, a man is visible in the cockpit crouching down as King walks around and to the rear of the autogyro. Quotes Alexander Andrews: Oh, er, do you mind if I ask you a question, frankly? Do you love my daughter? Peter Warne: Any guy that'd fall in love with your daughter ought to have his head examined. Alexander Andrews: Now that's an evasion! Peter Warne: She picked herself a perfect running mate - King Westley - the pill of the century! What she needs is a guy that'd take a sock at her once a day, whether it's coming to her or not. If you had half the brains you're supposed to have, you'd done it yourself, long ago. Alexander Andrews: Do you love her? Peter Warne: A normal human being couldn't live under the same roof with her without going nutty! She's my idea of nothing! Alexander Andrews: I asked you a simple question! Do you love her? Peter Warne: YES! But don't hold that against me, I'm a little screwy myself! Connections Featured in Hollywood: The Great Stars (1963) Soundtracks Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf (uncredited) Written by Frank Churchill and Ann Ronell Sung a cappella by Clark Gable User reviews325 Review Top review Romantic Comedy that sweeps the first year of the Oscars I have seen this movie a few times over the year and have just recently viewed it again twice on the DVD version. This is a highly recommended movie on several levels. First, it has to be seen because it won multiple academy awards during 1934. It has won at least best actor, best actress and best director. So it should be seen just for it's historical significance if you are into movies as an art form. However, if you are just looking for entertainment then it is simply a great classic romantic comedy. The set up is that Ellie (Claudette Colbert) is a rich, spoiled, independent woman who is running away from her father (in Florida) to join her husband (not quite a complete marriage) in New York City. She meets Peter (Clark Gable) on the bus who is a down & out reporter looking for a big story. They join forces in that he will help her to get to New York for an exclusive on her story. In essence it is the bratty socialite vs the hard nosed -know it all reporter - Can they achieve true love? Just watch the movie and figure it out for yourself.. There is the classical scene regarding the battle of the sexes which involves hitchhiking. There is some dated material because the movie was made in the 30's about the 30's. This may be both good and bad as a viewing experience. Gable is a bit too shallow as a desirable character. He lacks the sensitivity of a guy that would be in a modern romantic comedy. However, his portrayal of Peter is likely typical for the ideal man of the era in that he attempted to be competent and in charge at all times (the know it all guy). The character comes across as too simplistic by today's standards. However, when he gets the feedback on his rough edges from Ellie he shows his nice guy side. Claudette Colbert is great in this movie she had opportunities to display her acting craft as she responded to different situations. The scene in which she and Gable pretended to be basically 'white trash' was very funny. Her getting the best actress award is very evident even without having to see the performances of her rivalries for the Oscar in 1934. Overall this movie is rated a 9.0 and is highly recommended. A viewer may avoid older movies because they lack dept; however, hang in for this one. Once the screen chemistry starts between Colbert and Gable (their first scene together) the rest of the picture is just a joyride of entertainment in watching these two work their magic for the camera. Enjoy this movie it should be an awesome experience. helpful•53 20 llguidry Mar 15, 2003 FAQ11 What is 'It Happened One Night' about? Is "It Happened One Night" based on a book? What is the song everyone was singing on the bus? Details Edit Release date February 22, 1934 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 一夜风流 Filming locations Busch Gardens - S. Grove Avenue, Pasadena, California, USA Production company Columbia Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $325,000 (estimated) See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news A Multitude of Asian Films Screens in Diverse Tallinn Black Nights Program Sections Nov 10AsianMoviePulse The Criterion Channel’s November 2021 Lineup Includes Hamaguchi, Fourteen, Garrett Bradley & More Oct 25The Film Stage Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was It Happened One Night (1934) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.