It's a Wonderful Life (1946) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0038650/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_24
It's a Wonderful Life (1946) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In It's a Wonderful Life 19461946 PGPG 2h 10m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 425K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 703 349 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:00 12 Videos 99+ Photos DramaFamilyFantasy An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed.An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed.An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 425K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 703 349 Director Frank Capra Writers Frances Goodrich(screenplay) Albert Hackett(screenplay) Frank Capra(screenplay) Stars James Stewart Donna Reed Lionel Barrymore Top credits Director Frank Capra Writers Frances Goodrich(screenplay) Albert Hackett(screenplay) Frank Capra(screenplay) Stars James Stewart Donna Reed Lionel Barrymore See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 186Critic reviews 89Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #24 Nominated for 5 Oscars 6 wins & 6 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 1:00 It's a Wonderful Life Clip 8:43 Guillermo del Toro and Neil Gaiman Find Hope in Powerful, Eclectic Films Clip 2:09 What to Watch: Holiday Movies on Prime Video for the Whole Family Clip 2:06 Holiday Movies and TV Specials That Get You in the Spirit Clip 0:37 It's a Wonderful Life Clip 0:46 It's a Wonderful Life Clip 1:07 It's a Wonderful Life Clip 0:55 It's a Wonderful Life Full Episode 3:39 What to Watch: "The Expanse" and Expensive Explosions Full Episode 3:11 What Are These Stars Watching This Holiday Season? Video 3:33 What's Your Favorite Scene From a Holiday Movie? Video 2:08 Dates in Movie & TV History: Christmas Eve Photos186 Top cast Edit James Stewart George Baileyas George Bailey Donna Reed Mary Hatchas Mary Hatch Lionel Barrymore Mr. Potteras Mr. Potter Thomas Mitchell Uncle Billyas Uncle Billy Henry Travers Clarenceas Clarence Beulah Bondi Mrs. Baileyas Mrs. Bailey Frank Faylen Ernieas Ernie Ward Bond Bertas Bert Gloria Grahame Violetas Violet H.B. Warner Mr. Goweras Mr. Gower Frank Albertson Sam Wainwrightas Sam Wainwright Todd Karns Harry Baileyas Harry Bailey Samuel S. Hinds Pa Baileyas Pa Bailey Mary Treen Cousin Tillyas Cousin Tilly Virginia Patton Ruth Dakinas Ruth Dakin Charles Williams Cousin Eustaceas Cousin Eustace Sarah Edwards Mrs. Hatchas Mrs. Hatch (as Sara Edwards) William Edmunds Mr. Martinias Mr. Martini (as Bill Edmunds) Director Frank Capra Writers Frances Goodrich(screenplay) Albert Hackett(screenplay) Frank Capra(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 Modern Times 8.5 The Lion King 8.6 Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi 8.3 Toy Story 8.4 WALL·E 8.1 The Princess Bride It's a Wonderful Life: The Rest of the Story 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.2 Up 8.4 Coco 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.4 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Storyline Edit George Bailey has spent his entire life giving of himself to the people of Bedford Falls. He has always longed to travel but never had the opportunity in order to prevent rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town. All that prevents him from doing so is George's modest building and loan company, which was founded by his generous father. But on Christmas Eve, George's Uncle Billy loses the business's $8,000 while intending to deposit it in the bank. Potter finds the misplaced money and hides it from Billy. When the bank examiner discovers the shortage later that night, George realizes that he will be held responsible and sent to jail and the company will collapse, finally allowing Potter to take over the town. Thinking of his wife, their young children, and others he loves will be better off with him dead, he contemplates suicide. But the prayers of his loved ones result in a gentle angel named Clarence coming to earth to help George, with the promise of earning his wings. He shows George what things would have been like if he had never been born. —alfiehitchie alternate historysmall town lifeguardian angelchristmassecond chance262 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Frank Capra's..."It's a Wonderful Life". Genres Drama Family Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic elements, smoking and some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia For the scene that required Donna Reed to throw a rock through the window of the Granville house, director Frank Capra hired a marksman to shoot it out on cue. To everyone's amazement, Reed broke the window by herself. She had played baseball in high school and had a strong throwing arm. Goofs At one point George (James Stewart) calls Violet (Gloria Grahame), Gloria. Quotes Clarence: Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he? Crazy credits A ringing facsimile of the Liberty Bell (without the crack) forms the backdrop for the studio logo, which is Liberty Films, and the opening credits are in a scrapbook with Christmas decorations. The bell reappears before the end credits, and the end credits have a Christmas card picture as a backdrop. Alternate versions The film was colorized three times. The first colorized version of the film was produced by Hal Roach Studios (now Sonar Entertainment), the second by Republic Pictures. A third colorization of the film was produced by Legend Films for Paramount, the film's current copyright holder, in 2007. Connections Edited into Have Rocket -- Will Travel (1959) Soundtracks Buffalo Gal (Won't You Come Out Tonight) (uncredited) Written by William Cool White User reviews1K Review Top review Atop my Top Ten I am a film lover from 'way back, having even served a stint as a newspaper movie critic. Entries in my personal list of Greatest Films of All Time include "Fantasia," "To Kill A Mockingbird," "Casablanca," "Singin' in the Rain," "North by Northwest," and "The Sound of Music. But sitting atop all of them, as undisputed champ, is "It's a Wonderful Life." I have seen it hundreds of times (dating back to, oh, when I was a teenager I suppose, and our local PBS station ran it as part of a pledge drive). I drive my wife and family to distraction when we watch it together because I quote all the dialogue along with the actors. I cry every time--and this is after viewing upon viewing--when Harry Bailey toasts his big brother George as "...the richest man in town." The emotions in that scene are so true and pure that I can't help but be affected by them. The performances are unparalleled. Stewart is brilliant as a small-town dreamer who loses and finds his way. His superlative acting abilities cause us to identify strongly with him (how many of us have lamented--even to ourselves--that no one seems to notice the sacrifices we've made?), which is, I think, why the movie bears up under so many repeat viewings. Reed is just lovely here, the epitome of sunny girlfriend, caring lover, devoted wife, dedicated mother. Capra's talent as a screenwriter are all over this script. He knows just how hard to tug the heartstrings without becoming overblown or phony. And his technical wizardry is evident too. I've never seen--before or since--more natural-looking onscreen snow. Watching IAWL has become a tonic, a pick-me-up when I really need one--whether it's the Christmas season or not. Its message--that each one of us is important and has *something* to contribute to the greater good--is one about which the world could use some reminding from time to time. helpful•408 33 dweck Dec 9, 1998 FAQ13 Assuming Harry followed George to the hill. If George was never born, then why would Harry be sledding on that hill? What is "It's a Wonderful Life" about? Is "It's a Wonderful Life" based on a book? Details Edit Release date January 7, 1947 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English French Also known as 生活多美好 Filming locations RKO Encino Ranch - Balboa Boulevard & Burbank Boulevard, Encino, Los Angeles, California, USA Production company Liberty Films (II) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,180,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $44,000 Opening weekend US & Canada $44,000 Dec 20, 2020 Gross worldwide $6,184,298 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 10 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news Peter Capaldi: ‘Don’t worry, I don’t suddenly think I’m a rock star’ Nov 14The Guardian - Film News Classic Christmas Movies Guide: Where to Watch It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street, Elf, Die Hard and Others Nov 14TVLine.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of It's a Wonderful Life (1946) in Germany?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.