It's Complicated (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1230414/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
It's Complicated (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In It's Complicated 20092009 RR 2h 1m IMDb RATING 6.5/10 90K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,217 487 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 2 Videos 94 Photos ComedyDramaRomance When attending their son's college graduation, a couple reignite the spark in their relationship. But the complicated fact is they're divorced and he's remarried.When attending their son's college graduation, a couple reignite the spark in their relationship. But the complicated fact is they're divorced and he's remarried.When attending their son's college graduation, a couple reignite the spark in their relationship. But the complicated fact is they're divorced and he's remarried. IMDb RATING 6.5/10 90K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,217 487 Director Nancy Meyers Writer Nancy Meyers Stars Meryl Streep Steve Martin Alec Baldwin Top credits Director Nancy Meyers Writer Nancy Meyers Stars Meryl Streep Steve Martin Alec Baldwin See production, box office & company info 242User reviews 187Critic reviews 57Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 8 wins & 15 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:32 It's Complicated -- International Trailer Trailer 2:31 It's Complicated -- Trailer #1 Photos94 Top cast Edit Meryl Streep Jane Adleras Jane Adler Steve Martin Adam Schafferas Adam Schaffer Alec Baldwin Jake Adleras Jake Adler John Krasinski Harleyas Harley Lake Bell Agness Adleras Agness Adler Mary Kay Place Joanneas Joanne Rita Wilson Trishaas Trisha Alexandra Wentworth Dianeas Diane Hunter Parrish Luke Adleras Luke Adler Zoe Kazan Gabby Adleras Gabby Adler Caitlin FitzGerald Lauren Adleras Lauren Adler Emjay Anthony Pedro Adleras Pedro Adler Nora Dunn Sallyas Sally Bruce Altman Tedas Ted Robert Curtis Brown Peteras Peter James Patrick Stuart Dr. Mossas Dr. Moss Peter Mackenzie Dr. Allenas Dr. Allen Pat Finn Hotel Doctoras Hotel Doctor Director Nancy Meyers Writer Nancy Meyers All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 Something's Gotta Give 7.0 Julie & Julia 6.3 Hope Springs 6.9 The Holiday 6.9 The Cooler 6.4 What Women Want 6.6 My Big Fat Greek Wedding 6.2 Prime It's Complicated 6.3 My Best Friend's Wedding 6.3 No Reservations 6.1 Book Club Storyline Edit When brought together at a family event, two exes find themselves oddly attracted to each other after ten years of divorce. Although the couple think that this affair will stay in a different state, it brings itself back to their own city and disrupts their personal lives. While the couple still maintain other romances, they cannot help but to continue with their affair. —Danielle Laskowitz mature romancefemale protagonistloversex husband ex wife rekindling their relationshipdivorced couple146 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines First comes marriage. Then comes divorce. And then... Genres Comedy Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some drug content and sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Meryl Streep had asked her alma mater, Vassar College, if they could film the college graduation scenes on their campus. They refused even though Streep serves on their Board of Trustees and two of her children attend there. Goofs When Jane and Adam put the croissants in the oven, they are much too close together. Croissants expand over double as they cook, and they would have stuck together. As a baker, Jane would know this. Quotes Jane: Do you poke smot? Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien: John Krasinski/Claire Smith/Robin Thicke (2009) Soundtracks Suite: Judy Blue Eyes Written by Stephen Stills Performed by Crosby Stills & Nash Courtesy of Atlantic Recording Corp. By arrangement with Warner Music Group Film & TV Licensing User reviews242 Review Top review 6/10 Has its moments Nancy Meyers is famous for tapping into a largely ignored market: middle-aged women. She acknowledges that women don't cease to exist after they grow older than Jessica Alba (anyone older than that loses their sex appeal in the eyes of movie studios, and that's the only thing that keeps audiences interested in these sorts of movies). I am not a member of this market. However, I am open to movies to which I am not a targeted member. That, and I love Meryl Streep. I have seen Nancy Meyers' previous effort, "Something's Gotta Give," a movie that started out okay, but ended up being an overlong disaster that I hated. Still, this movie sounded promising, especially with Streep, who has never made a bad movie, so I checked it out. While it is certainly better than "Something's Gotta Give," it is nowhere near a complete success. Jane (Meryl Streep) is a divorced mother of three, and an empty nester. Years after her divorce, she's finally gotten her life back together (or at least she thinks she does). However, her life is going to get a little...complicated. Her ex, Jake (Alec Baldwin) has just realized that he is still in love with Jane, and they ensue in an affair (which, ironically, was one of the reasons why they divorced in the first place). At the same time, she's also attracted the attention of her architect, Adam (Steve Martin). Now Jane has to balance these two romances out, and complications ensue. Meryl Streep is widely recognized as one of the greatest actresses alive (and in my opinion, one of the best who ever lived). Yet with 13 Oscar nods, she hasn't done much in the way of comedy. She got a taste of it in last year's "Mamma Mia," but with this film, she gets to do some scenes that are openly funny. And she shows everyone that she can be just as successful in a comedy as a drama. Many of the film's comic scenes wouldn't be as funny without her. Her co-stars, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin, are no stranger to being funny, and Streep manages to keep up with them. Speaking of, Baldwin and Martin are on the same level as Streep. Baldwin is equally good in the comic scenes as well the dramatic scenes, and so is Martin (surprisingly...he hasn't gotten much chance to do drama. Hopefully, this performance will signal a change, because he's got some good dramatic chops as well as comic aptitude). Had this film been better directed, they could have been looking at some Oscar nods. Special mention has to go to John Krasinski, because even though he became famous for the ultra-understated humor of "The Office," he is also great at more energetic humor too. Lake Bell has little to do than be a post-trophy wife that is often referenced, but not seen. Nancy Meyers may have tapped into the market for middle aged women, but she's only at the top because she's the only one in it. Meyers is not an especially great screenwriter or director. The dialogue is nothing special, and her direction is flat, which renders the drama more inert than it should be. The comedy only works because of the actors, not Meyers; this should be construed as a compliment to Streep, Baldwin and Martin, since the comedy is not adequately set up. Many of the plot points exist because Meyers is trying to follow the formula of "romantic comedy," even if what happens doesn't make sense. If you like Meyers' films, it's a film to check out. If not, I don't think its worth your time. helpful•49 32 moviesleuth2 Jan 2, 2010 FAQ1 Where can I get the script? Details Edit Release date December 25, 2009 (United States) Countries of origin United States Japan Languages English French Also known as Untitled Nancy Meyers Project Filming locations 714 West Potrero Road, Hidden Valley, Westlake Village, California, USA Production companies Universal Pictures Relativity Media Waverly Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $85,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $112,735,375 Opening weekend US & Canada $22,100,820 Dec 27, 2009 Gross worldwide $219,103,655 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Nancy Meyers To Receive USC’s Oakie Award For Comedy Nov 2Deadline Film + TV Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was It's Complicated (2009) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.