Jane Eyre (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1229822/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Jane Eyre (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Jane Eyre 20112011 PG-13PG-13 2h IMDb RATING 7.3/10 85K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,811 544 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:13 8 Videos 91 Photos DramaRomance A mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he's hiding a terrible secret.A mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he's hiding a terrible secret.A mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he's hiding a terrible secret. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 85K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,811 544 Director Cary Joji Fukunaga Writers Moira Buffini(screenplay by) Charlotte Brontë(based on the novel by) Stars Mia Wasikowska Michael Fassbender Jamie Bell Top credits Director Cary Joji Fukunaga Writers Moira Buffini(screenplay by) Charlotte Brontë(based on the novel by) Stars Mia Wasikowska Michael Fassbender Jamie Bell See production, box office & company info 222User reviews 288Critic reviews 76Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 10 wins & 16 nominations total Videos8 Trailer 2:13 Jane Eyre: Trailer #1 Clip 1:40 A Guide to the Style of Cary Joji Fukunaga Clip 1:03 "Is This How You Perceive Me?" from Jane Eyre Clip 0:30 "Just the Housekeeper" from Jane Eyre Clip 1:03 "There Is No Debt" from Jane Eyre Clip 1:35 "Why Must You Leave?" from Jane Eyre Clip 1:39 "I Would Do Anything" from Jane Eyre Featurette 3:37 Behind the Scenes Photos91 Top cast Edit Mia Wasikowska Jane Eyreas Jane Eyre Michael Fassbender Rochesteras Rochester Jamie Bell St John Riversas St John Rivers Su Elliot Hannahas Hannah Holliday Grainger Diana Riversas Diana Rivers Tamzin Merchant Mary Riversas Mary Rivers Amelia Clarkson Young Janeas Young Jane Craig Roberts John Reedas John Reed Sally Hawkins Mrs. Reedas Mrs. Reed Lizzie Hopley Miss Abbotas Miss Abbot Jayne Wisener Bessieas Bessie Freya Wilson Eliza Reedas Eliza Reed Emily Haigh Georgiana Reedas Georgiana Reed Simon McBurney Mr. Brocklehurstas Mr. Brocklehurst Sandy McDade Miss Scatcherdas Miss Scatcherd Freya Parks Helen Burnsas Helen Burns Edwina Elek Miss Templeas Miss Temple Ewart James Walters Johnas John Director Cary Joji Fukunaga Writers Moira Buffini(screenplay by) Charlotte Brontë(based on the novel by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Jane Eyre 7.0 Becoming Jane 7.8 Pride & Prejudice 7.7 Sense and Sensibility 6.6 Anna Karenina 7.3 The Young Victoria 6.9 The Duchess 8.0 Sense and Sensibility: Deleted Scenes 7.1 Mansfield Park 6.7 Emma 8.1 Emma 7.2 Northanger Abbey Storyline Edit After a bleak childhood, Jane Eyre (Mia Wasikowska) goes out into the world to become a governess. As she lives happily in her new position at Thornfield Hall, she meets the dark, cold, and abrupt master of the house, Mr. Edward Rochester (Michael Fassbender). Jane and her employer grow close in friendship and she soon finds herself falling in love with him. Happiness seems to have found Jane at last, but could Mr. Rochester's terrible secret be about to destroy it forever? —Mel Bellis in the U.K. character name as titleyorkshire englandsecretgovernessfriendship143 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines She sought refuge... and found a place haunted by secrets. Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some thematic elements including a nude image and brief violent content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The location of Jane Eyre's cottage was so isolated that there was no mobile phone reception. A member of the crew had to be stationed in a nearby phone booth with a walkie talkie in case the crew needed anything. He didn't complain, however, as the local residents brought him tea and biscuits throughout the day. Goofs The teacup that Jane is drinking out of is Belleek. Belleek porcelain was first produced in 1863 and was not widely available outside Ireland until the mid-1860s while the blue mark on Jane's cup was first used in 1993. Quotes Jane Eyre: I have lived a full life here. I have not been trampled on. I have not been petrified. I have not been excluded from every glimpse of what is bright. I have known you, Mr. Rochester, and it strikes me with anguish to be torn from you. Rochester: Then why must you leave? Jane Eyre: Because of your wife. Rochester: I have no wife. Jane Eyre: But you are to be married. Rochester: Jane, you must stay. Jane Eyre: I'm become nothing to you?... [near tears] Jane Eyre: Am I a machine with out feelings? Do you think that because I am poor, plain, obscure, and little that I am souless and heartless? I have as much soul as you and full as much heart. And if God had possessed me with beauty and wealth, I could make it as hard for you to leave me as it is for I to leave you... I'm not speaking to you through mortal flesh. It is my spirit that addresses your spirit, as if we'd have passed through the grave and stood at God's feet equal. As we are. Rochester: [taking her arms] As we are. Jane Eyre: [trying to pull away] I am a free human being with an independent will, which I now exert to leave you. Rochester: Than let you will decide your destiny. I offer you my hand, my heart. Jane, I ask you to pass through life at my side. You are my equal and my likeness... Will you marry me? Jane Eyre: Are you mocking me? Rochester: Do you doubt me? Jane Eyre: Entirely. Connections Featured in Ebert Presents: At the Movies: Episode #1.8 (2011) Soundtracks Flamme Vengeresse From Act 3 of "Le Domino Noir" (1837) Music by Daniel-François Auber Libretto by Eugène Scribe Performed by Romy Settbon Moore Arranged by Andrew McKenna User reviews222 Review Top review 9/10 Wonderful new Jane Eyre I saw a sneak preview of Jane Eyre last night at AFI/Silver in Silver Spring MD. This is a beautifully filmed, engrossing, and haunting version of the classic Charlotte Bronte novel Jane Eyre. This film is worth seeing and it will leave you thinking about it long after you have left the theater. It captures that otherworldly and isolated environment that Jane inhabits in her lonely life. After you witness the unloved childhood and brutal boarding school you can understand how Jane can not only adapt to her isolated employment but revel in a world where the absence of abuse is a relief. One thing that struck me was the way the actress portraying Jane Eyre, Mia Wasikowska, inhabited Jane's being. The quiet stillness, the dignity, the steely nerves under the mask of composure. I have been trying to recall another actress who portrayed the physicality of a woman, a governess, in that time period so perfectly. She wasn't a modern actress in a corset, she moved like a young woman who is used to the corset and layers of cloth, and the expectations on a young woman in Victorian England. I also particularly enjoyed the portrayal of a vibrant, intelligent, woman who knows she is caged by the norms of her society and her position in it. Miss Wasikowska did a wonderful portrayal of Jane, giving her great depth while still letting the emotions flit across her usually stoic face. I also liked Mrs Reed - she is a wholly human villain, petty, cruel, insecure, and resentful. You can see her in Miss Ingram, a petty woman who could turn hateful. The young Jane is a stand out performance, all spit and fury, you realize that Jane's survival is due to her courage. That the intensity of the child is coiled inside the adult Jane. The cinematography is beautiful, the sets and costumes look accurate, the screenplay handled well, and the directing outstanding. I also appreciate that no character was over done. This film will age well, where some other versions can make you cringe now. This film is going to make me pick up the novel and read it again after a very long time. Not a bad recommendation for a movie. helpful•105 35 kburditt Mar 9, 2011 FAQ1 Who else has played Jane Eyre on screen? Details Edit Release date April 22, 2011 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English French Also known as Джейн Ейр Filming locations Haddon Hall, Bakewell, Derbyshire, England, UK Production companies Focus Features BBC Films Ruby Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $11,242,660 Opening weekend US & Canada $182,885 Mar 13, 2011 Gross worldwide $34,710,627 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Lena Dunham, Ruth Wilson, Dennis Lehane Team for ‘Mob Queens’ Limited Series at HBO Nov 11Variety Film + TV Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Jane Eyre (2011) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.