Jeremy Irons - Biography - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000460/bio?ref_=nm_ql_1
Jeremy Irons - Biography - IMDb Menu Movies </svg> Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Jeremy Irons Biography Showing all 88 items Jump to: Overview (3) | Mini Bio (1) | Family (3) | Trade Mark (4) | Trivia (53) | Personal Quotes (24) Overview (3) Born September 19, 1948 in Cowes, Isle of Wight, England, UK Birth Name Jeremy John Irons Height 6' 1½" (1.87 m) Mini Bio (1) British actor Jeremy Irons was born in Cowes, Isle of Wight, a small island off the south coast of England. He is the son of Barbara Anne Brereton (Sharpe) and Paul Dugan Irons, an accountant. Young Jeremy didn't prove very fond of figures. He visited mainland England only once a year. He wound up being grounded when his family settled down in Hertfordshire. At the age of 13 he enrolled in Sherborne School, Dorset, where he could practice his favorite sport, horse-riding. Before becoming an actor, he had considered a veterinarian surgeon's career. He trained at the Bristol Old Vic School for two years, then joined Bristol Old Vic repertory company where he gained experience working in everything from Shakespeare to contemporary dramas. He moved to London in 1971 and had a number of jobs before landing the role of "John the Baptist" in the hit musical "Godspell". He went on to have a successful early career in the West End theatre and on TV, and debuted on-screen in Nijinsky (1980). In the early 80s, he gained international attention with his starring role in the Granada Television serial adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's classic novel Brideshead Revisited (1981), after which he was much in demand as a romantic leading man. He went on to a steady film career. In 1984, he debuted on Broadway opposite: Glenn Close in Tom Stoppard's "The Real Thing" and, in the mid-80s, he appeared in three lead roles with the Royal Shakespeare Company. Once described as 'the thinking woman's pin up', he has made his name in thought provoking films such as David Cronenberg's Dead Ringers (1988), for which he won the New York Critics Best Actor Award. He gained a Golden Globe Award in addition to an Oscar for Best Actor in 1990 for his role as Claus von Bulow in Reversal of Fortune (1990) alongside Glenn Close. Among his many achievements, his role as Professor Higgins in Loewe-Lerner's famous musical "My Fair Lady" mustn't be forgotten. It was in London, back in 1987. He is married to actress Sinéad Cusack, with whom he appeared in Waterland (1992) and in the Royal Shakespeare Company plays. He appeared with his son Samuel Irons and his father-in-law Cyril Cusack in the film Danny the Champion of the World (1989). His son Max Irons is also an actor. - IMDb Mini Biography By: Gustaf Molin <gumo@hem2.passagen.se> and Guy Bellinger Family (3) Spouse Sinéad Cusack (28 March 1978 - present) (2 children) Julie Hallam (1969 - 1969) (annulled) Children Samuel Irons Max Irons Parents Brereton (Sharpe), Barbara Anne Irons, Paul Dugan Trade Mark (4) Renowned for aggressive and industrious work ethic Often plays sinister villains Rich haunting voice Calm, reserved performances Trivia (53) An exceptionaly good horseman and enjoys skiing. Hates cooking, but loves gardening and the beauty of nature. Born at 2:00am-BST. After being ticketed in England for driving 97 mph. on his BMW motorcycle and being charged with speeding and fined $225.00, he had his motorcycle license suspended for three months (1 June 1995). Son-in-law of Cyril Cusack and Maureen Cusack. Brother-in-law of Sorcha Cusack, Niamh Cusack, Paul Cusack, Pádraig Cusack and Catherine Cusack. Owns Kilcoe Castle (which he has painted a rusty pink) in County Cork, Ireland, and has become involved in local politics. He has twice played characters with the same first and last name. The first in Lolita (1997) (Humbert Humbert) and second in And Now... Ladies and Gentlemen... (2002) (Valentin Valentin). In 1996, he became the fourteenth performer to win the Triple Crown of acting. Oscar: Best Actor in a Leading Role, Reversal of Fortune (1990); Tony: Best Actor in a Play, "The Real Thing" (1984); and Emmy: Outstanding Voice-Over Performance, The Great War and the Shaping of the 20th Century: War Without End (1996), Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie, Elizabeth I (2005), & Outstanding Narrator, Big Cat Week: Game of Lions (2013). Narrated the "Spaceship Earth" attraction in Epcot. Won Broadway's 1984 Tony Award as Best Actor (Play) for Tom Stoppard's "The Real Thing." Member of jury at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. At the 1990 Oscars, Irons concluded his acceptance speech for best actor in Reversal of Fortune (1990) by thanking "David". The "David" was David Cronenberg, who directed Irons the previous year in Dead Ringers (1988). The "Series of Unfortunate Events" novels by Daniel Handler make reference to three of his characters. In Reversal of Fortune (1990), he plays Klaus von Bülow, husband to Sunny von Bülow. Two of the lead characters in Handler's novels are named Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire. In The Carnivorous Carnival, Klaus and his other sister Violet disguise themselves as circus freaks named Beverly and Elliot, which are the names of the identical twin gynecologists that Irons plays in Dead Ringers (1988). In 2003, he appeared in a Comic Relief sketch entitled "Harry Potter and the Secret Chamberpot of Azerbaijan". Irons played Severus Snape, a character played in the films by Alan Rickman. Irons and Rickman play brothers in the "Die Hard" films. Has a signet ring with the insignia PDI engraved on it. It belonged to his father Paul Dugan Irons. He currently owns Audi A6 Quatro estate, BMW cruising bike, and Ducati motorbike. He has owned Morris Minor, Honda 50, and a Volkswagen rag-top Beetle. Born to Paul Dugan Irons, an accountant, and Barbara Anne Sharpe a homemaker, he has a brother, Christopher and a sister Felicity. His previous jobs include assistant stage manager, house-cleaner, "busker" (singing and playing guitar outside movie theaters), and gardener. Was one of the cast members of cult children's programme Play Away (1971), from which clips featuring him are regularly repeated on "Before They Were Famous..." type programmes. President of the jury at 2007 Sarajevo Film Festival. One of the first celebrities to wear the recently created Red Ribbon, supporting the fight against AIDS (1991). Supporter of English football team Portsmouth F.C. Attended Sherborne School for boys from 1962-1966. Helped to financially Sponser British Character Actor Stephen Manwaring whilst Stephen was at The Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts in 1999-2002. Won the 1984 Tony Award (New York City) for Actor in a Drama for "The Real Thing". In 2004, he declared his support for the Countryside Alliance. In 1998, he was named as a major donor to the Labour Party. Confessed to Pat Kenny on Irish TV, The Late Late Show (1962), that one of his guilty pleasures was sifting through dumpsters in search of discarded "treasures". Son-in-law of Maureen Cusack. Brother-in-law of Paul Cusack and 'Padraig Cusack'. Is one of 9 actors to have won the Triple Crown of Acting (an Oscar, Emmy and Tony); the others in chronological order are Thomas Mitchell, Melvyn Douglas, Paul Scofield, Jack Albertson, Jason Robards, Al Pacino, Geoffrey Rush and Christopher Plummer. He and his documentary film Trashed (2012) was be featured at the "New York Times Energy for Tomorrow" Conference on "Building Sustainable Cities" in New York City on April 25, 2013. Became a father for the 1st time at age 30 when his 2nd wife Sinéad Cusack gave birth to their son Samuel Irons on 16 September 1978. Became a father for the 2nd time at age 37 when his 2nd wife Sinéad Cusack gave birth to their son Max Irons on 17 October 1985. On Broadway in the play "Impressionism". Opened March 24. Scheduled to run through July 5th, 2009. [March 2009] Starring in the theatrical adaptation of Sándor Márai's novel, "Embers" at Duke of York's Theatre in London. [February 2006] At the New York City Opera in Stephen Sondheim's "A Little Night Music". [March 2003] He is the second Academy-Award winning actor to play the role of Alfred Pennyworth after Michael Caine. Although he is a heavy smoker, he claims that he is unable to drink alcohol without getting sick. Starred opposite his wife Sinead Cusack in Stealing Beauty (1996). He won an Oscar for playing Claus Von Bullow in Reversal of Fortune (1990), making him one of 18 actors to win the Award for playing a real person who was still alive at the evening of the Award ceremony (as of 2015). The other seventeen actors and their respective performances are: Spencer Tracy for playing Father Edward Flanagan in Boys Town (1938), Gary Cooper for playing Alvin C. York in Sergeant York (1941), Patty Duke for playing Helen Keller in The Miracle Worker (1962), Jason Robards for playing Ben Bradlee in All the President's Men (1976), Robert De Niro for playing Jake La Motta in Raging Bull (1980), Sissy Spacek for playing Loretta Lynn in Coal Miner's Daughter (1980)_, Susan Sarandon for playing Sister Helen Prejean in Dead Man Walking (1995), Geoffrey Rush for playing David Helfgott in Shine (1996), Julia Roberts for playing Erin Brockovich in Erin Brockovich (2000), Jim Broadbent for playing John Bayley in Iris (2001), Jennifer Connelly for playing Alice Nash in A Beautiful Mind (2001), Helen Mirren for playing Queen Elizabeth II in The Queen (2006), Sandra Bullock for playing Leigh Anne Tuohy in The Blind Side (2009), Christian Bale for playing Dickie Eklund in The Fighter (2010), Melissa Leo for playing Alice Eklund-Ward in The Fighter (2010), Meryl Streep for playing Margaret Thatcher in The Iron Lady (2011) and Eddie Redmayne for playing Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything (2014). Was wearing sneakers when called to the stage to accept his Oscar in 1991. He and fellow The Lion King (1994) cast member Whoopi Goldberg were both nominees for the first ever Emmy Award for Outstanding Narrator in 2014; Irons won. Turned down the role of Dr Hannibal Lecter in The Silence of the Lambs (1991) because he just finished playing Claus Von Bulow in Reversal of Fortune (1990) and didn't want to play another dark character. He was originally considered for the part of Neville Chamberlain in Masaryk (2016), eventually played by Paul Nicholas. He is fluent in French. Owns a home in The Liberties neighborhood in Dublin, Ireland, as well as a home in his birthplace of Cowes, on the Isle Of Wight, and a farm in Watlington, Oxfordshire. He and his wife Sinead Cusack have both starred in adaptations of DC Comics properties: She was in V For Vendetta (2005) and he was in Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice (2016) and Justice League (2017). Was a close friend and one-time London neighbor of billionaire-philanthropist Paul Getty. Jeremy's step son is an Irish politician (TD) named Richard Boyd Barrett for The Dublin South East Constituency and is a member of The People Before Profit Party, whom are a liberal social left movement against austerity and unfair treatment of working class people. Son Sam born 1978. Spent 2 years with the R.S.C. Trained as an actor at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, which is one of the most selective drama schools (as well as school of any kind) in the world. To be admitted onto the three-year BA acting course, the theatre school accepts 28 out of approximately 2,500 applications. This would equate to an acceptance rate of around 1%. Appeared in Broadway in ' The Real Thing'. Personal Quotes (24) I've never been passionate about acting, and I find more and more that I work to live the life I want to live. An actor like Al Pacino lives to act. I'm not sure though, there's something about the detachment I have, the feeling of the lack of importance about what I do, that is healthy. Anyway, I'm never satisfied. I think were I ever satisfied with my work, I'd be in trouble. Basically, I want to keep working, so I don't worry about the size of the character - if it's interesting, I'll do it. It's quite nice doing smaller roles, in some ways. It means I get home more, and I can get on with my life. The movie industry is run by accountants in Hollywood and it's as simple as this; everyone has a number on their computer. They can look up Jeremy Irons and see what my last five movies have made. Say you want to make a $20m picture, which is relatively cheap. If Jeremy makes $9m, the director makes $5m, then you need a leading lady, and they just go through those figures - that's how casting happens. And none of my movies has made a lot of money. As you get older, you look back and try to make sense of the sort of person you have become. And I think the most important thing that happened in my childhood was the first night I went to boarding school at the age of seven. I remember that night, and the loneliness. Also, my parents' marriage broke up when I was 15. But I think it was that first night at seven years old when I felt something had broken, and I've spent my life trying to get back to that feeling of home. It's the same sense of family that you find in the theater and movies. In fact, I'm hoping to make a film about that very subject - the need for home. You don't really have a home until you have children. And that home is created by the children. What a camera likes are eyes which have life and tell a story. On his Ducati motorbike: "Ferrari on two wheels." I sing like an actor and dance like a duck. In an interview, he once explained the origin and pronunciation of his name thus: "My name is certainly not pronounced 'Eye-rons,' but just like the metal. In England we say, 'Eye-ons' -- we're lazy about our Rs. Here [USA] I guess you would say 'Ire-ons.'" The name is fairly common in England, it's probably short for Ironsmith." If we have to pay taxes [for Emmy gift bags], so be it. But don't spend it on bombs, for Christ's sake. (When asked by an interviewer about why he accepted his role in Dungeons & Dragons (2000)) "Are you kidding? I'd just bought a castle, I had to pay for it somehow!" Actors often behave like children and so we're taken for children. I want to be grown up. [1986 comment on Robert De Niro] He is a method actor. I think it would be fair to say he's much slower than I am. As a man, Bob dislikes making a decision. And acting is a whole line of decisions. You make a decision every time you play a line -- do I say it like this or like that? But what I saw was a man trying many areas and now and again something would really work. [on Lolita (1997)] It's very difficult because children under sixteen are immensely attractive, any father will tell you. We have to accept that, understand it for what it is and not become hysterical about it. Strangely enough, Humbert Humbert is not a paedophile ... because he knew he was doing wrong. That's his tragedy in a way. I remember when my son was twelve he was like a god. He just went through that sort of golden time for about 18 months. Parental love is sexual. Boys will flirt outrageously with their mothers. [on Waterland (1992)] I find working for money and nothing else just totally soul-destroying. I've always wanted to work with the best directors on material that interests me, so that how this has come about really. [accepting his Best Actor Oscar, 1991] This is great! [on portraying Rodrigo Borgia] I don't want to make him a sympathetic man. I want him to be an inconsistent man, a man where one moment you think 'Christ, that's terrible!' and some moments you think 'Oh, he's wonderful!' Like all of us, I want to try and create someone that is neither black nor white. [At 2005 Oscars, responding to a loud bang on-stage while speaking about the 'Live Action Short' category] Oh God, I hope they missed. [on Downton Abbey (2010)] If you think that's good, then watch the Shakespeare productions [Shakespeare Uncovered (2012)]. You'll see what real writing, what real stories, what real characters are about. [on returning to the stage in a 1981 interview] I'd like to very much, but the stage - particularly the Royal Shakespeare, which is where I'd like to return for the exceptional quality of its work - really requires at least a year's commitment. A year now in the theatre is probably not a very clever idea; I think I should be consolidating my film career. [in a 1981 interview about movie stardom] I suppose I'd like to be a movie star because I'd like to make people come to the pictures I'm in. Then, of course, there's a responsibility to choose good material. And when they saw me, I'd like to dazzle them, as a star dazzle - as for the paraphernalia surrounding a star, that doesn't interest me much. I quite like my privacy. I enjoy playing villains. It's very difficult in many situations to know who the villains and good guys are. People tend to think in black and white, and, of course, we are all gray. (in a 2016 AARP interview) I feel as confidant on my motorcycle as I do on my two feet. I call it my urban horse. The joy of motorcycling is real freedom and being in touch with the environment - the road circuits, the temperatures, the winds, the smells. It's a wonderful sensory experience. [on performing onstage in a production of 'Long Day's Journey into Night, 2018] Laurence Olivier, who played nearly everything, said that James Tyrone was the hardest part he had ever attempted. I would agree - the hardest, and yet the most rewarding. O'Neill did not write this play to be performed, so performing it as written requires the actors to discover from what is on the page much that is not. It is not possible to play without being emotionally present at each moment. See also Other Works | Publicity Listings | Official Sites View agent, publicist, legal and company contact details on IMDbPro Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Jeremy Irons Personal Details Biography Other Works Publicity Listings Official Sites Contact Info (IMDbPro) Filmography by Year by Job by Ratings by Votes by Genre by Keyword Did You Know? Personal Quotes Trivia Trademark Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards Related Items Credited With News External Sites Professional Services Get more at IMDbPro Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users November Picks: The Movies and TV You Can't Miss a list of 26 images created 4 weeks ago Favorite actors a list of 46 people created 21 Oct 2020 Men in Black International Better Cast and Crew a list of 26 people created 2 months ago Favorite Actors a list of 23 people created 9 months ago xActors F - J a list of 36 people created 17 Jan 2013 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.