Jingle All the Way (1996) - Plot Summary - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116705/plotsummary?ref_=tt_ov_pl
Jingle All the Way (1996) - Plot Summary - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Jingle All the Way (1996) Plot Showing all 7 items Jump to: Summaries (6) Synopsis (1) Summaries A father vows to get his son a Turbo Man action figure for Christmas. However, every store is sold out of them, and he must travel all over town and compete with everybody else in order to find one. Howard Langston, a salesman for a mattress company, is constantly busy at his job, and he also constantly disappoints his son, Jamie. After he misses his son's karate exposition, he tries hard to come up with a way to make it up to him. Jamie says he all he wants for Christmas is an action figure of television hero Turbo Man. Unfortunately for Howard, it is Christmas Eve, and every store is sold out of Turbo Man figures; now Howard must travel all over town and compete with everybody else including a mail man named Myron to find a Turbo Man action figure, and to make it to the Wintertainment Parade, which will feature Turbo Man. —John Wiggins Howard Langston is a mattress salesman with a bad habit of putting his work ahead of his family. His son Jamie, who wishes Dad would pay more attention to him, wants only one thing for Christmas -- a Turbo Man action figure, with all the accessories. Howard promises both Jamie and his wife Liz that there will indeed be a Turbo Man under the tree for Jamie on Christmas morning, but come December 24, Howard realizes that he hasn't actually bought the toy yet. Seemingly it would be no great problem to head on down to the toy store and pick one up, but it just so happens that Turbo Man has been the hottest ticket of the holiday season, and literally thousands of parents are scrambling for the last few action figures. Howard then spends a hilariously hellish Christmas Eve madly scrambling from store to store in desperate search of a Turbo Man; in the course of his adventures, Howard keeps crossing paths Myron Larabee, a postal worker who wants a Turbo Man even more desperately than Howard. This Christmas, only a miracle can get the workaholic and neglectful father, Howard Langston, out of the tight spot. One unfulfilled promise combined with an inadvertent mistake will have the desperate dad combing snowy Minnesota for an elusive toy, and every boy's holy grail: Turbo-Man, the ultimate action figure. At the end of his tether, Howard sets out on a frenzied odyssey to track down the precious gift, amid hordes of equally inattentive parents, and his relentless soon-to-be arch-nemesis: Myron, the manic postman. Now, under those dire circumstances, can Howard save Christmas and be, once more, the family's hero? —Nick Riganas When Howard misses his son's karate practice, he makes peace by promising his son a Turbo Man doll for Christmas. What Howard doesn't know is that every other child wants the doll as well. On the day of Christmas Eve, Howard must compete against a deranged postal worker, as well as con artist Santas, the police, and almost every parent in town, to get his son the cherished toy. But while Howard is going insane trying to find the doll, his son is wondering where his father is, and his neighbor is putting the moves on his wife. —Adam Howard Langston has promised his son Jamie that he will get anything he wants for Christmas. Unfortunately for Howard, Jamie wants an immensely popular Turbo Man action figure. Howard forgets to get it, and since it's Christmas Eve, it's sold out everywhere. Since Howard knows he has let Jamie down in the past, he goes on a quest to track down a "Turbo Man" action figure, and will stop at nothing to get Jamie the gift that he wants. —Zack H. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Synopsis Howard Langston (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a hard working employee at a mattress company, and is stuck doing extra work on the day his son, Jamie (Jake Lloyd), is earning a purple belt in karate. Despite his promise to make it, he runs into trouble with a traffic jam and Officer Alexander Hummel (Robert Conrad), a sadistic cop from hell who forces him to do a sobriety test after catching him speeding on the shoulder. Because of all this, he ends up missing the karate class. In order to make it up to Jamie, he promises to get him anything he wants for Christmas. What he wants is the immensely popular "Turbo Man" doll, based on the Saturday-morning live action TV show of the same name. Unfortunately, Howard had promised to buy it earlier in the year and, as is the habit with him, promptly forgotten about it. To add further salt to the wound, his wife, Liz (Rita Wilson), informs him that since the dolls are the must-have gifts of the season, they are virtually impossible to find especially this close to Christmas. Desperate to not disappoint his family again, Howard sets off on a wild goose chase all over Minneapolis-St.Paul to find the doll. At the first store he gets to, he meets Myron Larabee (Sinbad), a post office worker who son wants one too. It is eventually revealed that this is going to be a "no holds barred" scavenger hunt, with lots of shoving, fighting, arguing, and worse. Throughout Howard's quest, the many stores he hits and the chaos that ensues at each one ultimately results in nothing, and at one point he has another run in with Officer Hummell when he accidentally knocks over his squad motorcycle. During a stopover at the Mall of America, Howard is lured into buying a doll from a con Santa (Jim Belushi), who is the leader of a large counterfeit toy-making operation. Unsurprisingly, he pays $500 for a Spanish speaking doll that falls apart the moment he opens the box. Angered at being ripped off, he accuses the Santas of undermining the values of Christmas and ends up in a brawl with them. The police show up to bust the ring, and Howard manages to get out of trouble by posing as an undercover cop using a toy badge. Later, Howard arrives at Mickey's Diner and uses their pay phone to call home. Jamie answers, and Howard unintentionally scolds him over Turbo Man when he tries to get him to hand the phone to Liz. In turn, Jamie rebukes Howard for never keeping his promises and hangs up. Liz overhears the conversation and becomes disappointed in Howard. Howard encounters Myron at the diner, and they attempt to patch things up by sharing their woe stories; Myron explains that when he was young, his father was unable to buy him a Johnny Seven OMA action figure on Christmas. Their conversation is interrupted when they hear on the KQRS radio station that the disc jockey is holding a Turbo Man competition, and whoever can name all eight of Santa's reindeer wins it! Resuming their rivalry, they barge into the studio (prompting the freaked-out disc jockey to call the police) and give the correct answer, only to discover that the prize is just a gift certificate. Enraged, Myron threatens the disc jockey with a small package from his mailbag which he claims is a mail bomb, but it turns out to be a fake. The police soon arrive (along with Officer Hummell), and Myron bluffs them into backing off by pulling out a much bigger package and claiming it to be a bomb too (unaware that it actually is one). Officer Hummell inspects it and declares that it is harmless, only for it to explode in his face when he tries to open it. After returning to the diner to find that his car has been stripped and spray-painted by thieves, Howard decides to give up the search and returns home to explain everything to Liz, only to discover his next door neighbor, Ted (Phil Hartman),(who always seems to be homing in on Liz when he is not around) in his house putting his star on his tree! His blood boiling with anger, Howard exacts revenge by breaking into Ted's house and stealing the Turbo Man doll he bought for his son, Johnny. However, he has a change of heart at the last minute as he could not see himself stealing from a child. Before he has a chance to replace it and escape, he is confronted by Ted's pet reindeer and he unintentionally sets some stuff on fire in the ensuing chaos. This causes him to be caught by Ted and a distraught Liz, who both leave to attend the Holiday Wintertainment Parade with Jamie and Johnny. Broken, Howard decides to to keep the one promise he can, by making his way to the parade to be with his family. Meanwhile, Ted attempts to make a pass at Liz, only to be hit with a thermos of eggnog after she sees who he really is. Upon arriving at the parade, Howard runs into a bandaged Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot chocolate. In the ensuing chase, Howard escapes into a preparations room for the parade where he is mistaken for a replacement for the actor who will play Turbo Man on the so-themed float. And best of all, he gets the opportunity to pick a child to present a coveted limited-edition Turbo Man doll! Who else does he pick but Jamie! But before Jamie recognizes him, Myron appears dressed as Turbo Man's archenemy, Dementor (having bound and gagged the real actor), and chases Jamie all around the street, with the crowd thinking that this is part of the act. Howard does his best to keep up, but has little skill in controlling the Turbo Man suit. In the end, he defeats Myron and saves both Jamie and the doll. Jamie is sad that his dad wasn't there to see it...until Howard removes his helmet to reveal his true identity! Meanwhile, Myron is being hauled off by the police, dismayed by his ultimate failure to retrieve the doll and give it to his son for Christmas. Touched by his words, Jamie gives it to him saying that he no longer needs it since his father is the real Turbo Man! Myron and Howard apologize and become friends, and Howard apologizes to a shocked Officer Hummell for everything. He is declared a hero and is crowd-surfed away. At home, Christmas Eve is finally spent right, as the star is mounted on the tree, and everyone's happy. Liz is so happy that Howard was willing to do so much to get a present for Jamie, that it has her wondering what he got for her. The shocked expression on his face tells the whole story. Uh oh! See also Taglines | Synopsis | Plot Keywords | Parents Guide Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Jingle All the Way Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Christmas movies a list of 35 titles created 22 Oct 2012 Season - Winter a list of 45 titles created 3 days ago Christmas for Family a list of 44 titles created 01 Nov 2020 Badgood movies a list of 33 titles created 1 month ago Christmas a list of 22 titles created 5 days ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.