Johnny Mnemonic (1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113481/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Johnny Mnemonic (1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Johnny Mnemonic 19951995 RR 1h 43m IMDb RATING 5.7/10 69K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,315 1,083 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:15 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionDramaSci-Fi A data courier, literally carrying a data package inside his head, must deliver it before he dies from the burden or is killed by the Yakuza.A data courier, literally carrying a data package inside his head, must deliver it before he dies from the burden or is killed by the Yakuza.A data courier, literally carrying a data package inside his head, must deliver it before he dies from the burden or is killed by the Yakuza. IMDb RATING 5.7/10 69K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,315 1,083 Director Robert Longo Writer William Gibson(screenplay) Stars Keanu Reeves Dolph Lundgren Dina Meyer Top credits Director Robert Longo Writer William Gibson(screenplay) Stars Keanu Reeves Dolph Lundgren Dina Meyer See production, box office & company info 174User reviews 119Critic reviews 36Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 3 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:15 Johnny Mnemonic Video 3:12 What Roles Has Keanu Reeves Turned Down? Photos146 Top cast Edit Keanu Reeves Johnny Mnemonicas Johnny Mnemonic Dolph Lundgren Street Preacheras Street Preacher Dina Meyer Janeas Jane Ice-T J-Boneas J-Bone Takeshi Kitano Takahashias Takahashi (as Takeshi) Denis Akiyama Shinjias Shinji Henry Rollins Spideras Spider Barbara Sukowa Anna Kalmannas Anna Kalmann Udo Kier Ralfias Ralfi Tracy Tweed Prettyas Pretty Falconer Abraham Yomammaas Yomamma Don Francks Hookyas Hooky Diego Chambers Hensonas Henson Sherry Miller Takahashi's Secretaryas Takahashi's Secretary Arthur Eng Vietas Viet Von Flores Vietas Viet Victoria Tengelis Pharmakom Receptionistas Pharmakom Receptionist Warren Sulatycky Yakuza Operatoras Yakuza Operator Director Robert Longo Writer William Gibson(screenplay) (short story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.7 Chain Reaction 5.4 Feeling Minnesota 5.4 The Lawnmower Man 5.5 The Day the Earth Stood Still 7.1 A Scanner Darkly 6.1 Little Buddha 7.3 Point Break 6.7 A Walk in the Clouds 6.1 Universal Soldier 5.3 Providence 7.2 Strange Days 5.6 The Last Time I Committed Suicide Storyline Edit In 2021, the whole world is connected by the gigantic Internet, and almost a half of the population is suffering from the Nerve Attenuation Syndrome (NAS).Johnny with an inplanted memory chip in his brain was ordered to transport the over loaded information from Beijing to Newark. While Pharmakom Industries supported by yakuza tries to capture him to get the informaiton back, the Low-tech group led by J-Bone tries to break the missing code to download the cure of NAS which Johnny carries. —Miho Ishimine <mipo@mag.keio.ac.jp> implanted memoryvirtual realitycyberpunkcyberspaceerased memory358 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The future's most wanted fugitive. Genres Action Drama Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sci-fi violence, and for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The script was rumored to have been dumped on the doorstep of Keanu Reeves' house, a tactic that piqued his interest, and led to him accepting the role of Johnny. Goofs The date on the screen in the New Darwin Inn reads "Thursday, 17 January 2021". January 17, 2021, was a Sunday. Quotes Johnny Mnemonic: What the fuck is going on? WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON? You know, all my life, I've been careful to stay in my own corner. Looking out for Number One... no complications. Now, suddenly, I'm responsible for the *entire fucking world*, and everybody and his mother is trying to kill me, IF... IF... my head doesn't blow up first. Jane: Maybe it's not just about you any more. Johnny Mnemonic: Listen. You listen to me. You see that city over there? THAT'S where I'm supposed to be. Not down here with the dogs, and the garbage, and the fucking last month's newspapers blowing *back* and *forth*. I've had it with them, I've had it with you, I've had it with ALL THIS - *I want ROOM SERVICE*! I want the club sandwich, I want the cold Mexican beer, I want a $10,000-a-night hooker! I want my shirts laundered... like they do... at the Imperial Hotel... in Tokyo. Alternate versions In 2021, 26 years after its original release, Robert Longo has converted the film into a black & white version that is a bit closer to his original intention. That black and white version premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival. Connections Edited into Twizzlers: The Movie (2015) Soundtracks VIRUS Written by Sascha Konietzko, En Esch and Günter Schulz Performed by KMFDM Courtesy of Wax Trax! Records Inc. / TVT Records User reviews174 Review Top review I'm in this movie. One Friday night in early 1994, I was one of the hundreds of extras who was hired to be moving scenery for this film. Basically, they convincingly turned Toronto's fabled Union Station into some post-apocalyptic hospice, in which we were all supposed to be shuffling around, getting food and suffering from some neurological disease. It's always amusing to see what filmmakers do to disguise Toronto as something else, to make it look like it takes place anywhere else other than (gasp) Canada. Still, whenever I go to Union Station, I am impressed with the makeover this location got. I was anxious to see whether I made in the final cut or not, but the film's release kept on getting pushed back and pushed back. That is a sure sign that the movie is going to be a turkey. Well, it isn't terrible. William Gibson expanded his own short story-- so much so that the film is actually a mess. A beautiful looking one, however. Longo and DOP Francois Protat do a serviceable job in capturing the "plastic noir" of the future. But ultimately the movie suffers from having too many ideas-- some of them ludicrous, many of them poorly developed. It doesn't help either that the drama of the piece relies on the thespian abilities of Keanu Reeves or Dolph Lundgren. Yikes! Even so, Henry Rollins is pretty cool. But for me, the great suspense was seeing whether or not I ended up on the cutting room floor. So for about two seconds, you get to see my face in a crowd shot. See? See? Wait! Damn! helpful•20 15 madsagittarian Sep 30, 2002 FAQ1 What are the differences between the International Version and the Japanese Extended Version? Details Edit Release date May 26, 1995 (United States) Countries of origin Canada United States Languages English Japanese Also known as Fugitivo del futuro Filming locations Casa Loma - 1 Austin Terrace, Casa Loma, Toronto, Ontario, Canada Production companies TriStar Pictures Alliance Communications Corporation Cinévision See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $26,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $19,075,720 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,033,850 May 28, 1995 Gross worldwide $19,075,720 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 43 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby SR Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Jim Cummings Oct 12Trailers from Hell How Keanu Reeves Defied All Expectations Sep 2Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Johnny Mnemonic (1995)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.