Joker (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7286456/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_t_6
Joker (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Joker 20192019 RR 2h 2m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 97 5 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 42 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaThriller In Gotham City, mentally troubled comedian Arthur Fleck is disregarded and mistreated by society. He then embarks on a downward spiral of revolution and bloody crime. This path brings him fa... Read allIn Gotham City, mentally troubled comedian Arthur Fleck is disregarded and mistreated by society. He then embarks on a downward spiral of revolution and bloody crime. This path brings him face-to-face with his alter-ego: the Joker.In Gotham City, mentally troubled comedian Arthur Fleck is disregarded and mistreated by society. He then embarks on a downward spiral of revolution and bloody crime. This path brings him face-to-face with his alter-ego: the Joker. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 97 5 Director Todd Phillips Writers Todd Phillips Scott Silver Bob Kane(based on characters created by) Stars Joaquin Phoenix Robert De Niro Zazie Beetz Top credits Director Todd Phillips Writers Todd Phillips Scott Silver Bob Kane(based on characters created by) Stars Joaquin Phoenix Robert De Niro Zazie Beetz See production, box office & company info 11.1KUser reviews 745Critic reviews 59Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #68 Won 2 Oscars 119 wins & 238 nominations total Videos42 Trailer 2:25 Theatrical Trailer Trailer 2:25 Official Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:24 Joker Trailer 2:31 Joker Clip 3:36 Is 'The Batman' Logo a Deadly Reminder? Clip 0:59 Zazie Beetz Shares How 'Joker' Encouraged Her to 'Take Up More Space' Clip 4:30 What BAFTA, SAG, & DGA Wins Predict for the 2020 Oscars Clip 4:15 Oscars 2020 Snubs, Surprises, & Historic Firsts Clip 3:52 Golden Globes 2020 Get Real, Misty-Eyed, & Political Clip 4:56 Top Stars & Breakouts of 2019 Clip 4:02 Is the DCEU's Future Rated R? Clip 3:37 The Biggest Supervillain Movies and Who's Coming Next Photos577 Top cast Edit Joaquin Phoenix Arthur Fleckas Arthur Fleck Robert De Niro Murray Franklinas Murray Franklin Zazie Beetz Sophie Dumondas Sophie Dumond Frances Conroy Penny Fleckas Penny Fleck Brett Cullen Thomas Wayneas Thomas Wayne Shea Whigham Detective Burkeas Detective Burke Bill Camp Detective Garrityas Detective Garrity Glenn Fleshler Randallas Randall Leigh Gill Garyas Gary Josh Pais Hoyt Vaughnas Hoyt Vaughn Rocco Luna GiGi Dumondas GiGi Dumond Marc Maron Gene Uflandas Gene Ufland Sondra James Dr. Sallyas Dr. Sally Murphy Guyer Barry O'Donnellas Barry O'Donnell Douglas Hodge Alfred Pennyworthas Alfred Pennyworth Dante Pereira-Olson Bruce Wayneas Bruce Wayne Carrie Louise Putrello Martha Wayneas Martha Wayne Sharon Washington Social Workeras Social Worker Director Todd Phillips Writers Todd Phillips Scott Silver Bob Kane(based on characters created by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Which Real-Life Comedian Inspired 'Joker'? Which Real-Life Comedian Inspired 'Joker'? Which comedian inspired the Joker's line, "Well, no one's laughing now"? Discover five fun facts about Joker in our Pop Trivia.Watch now 0:50 More like this 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.6 Interstellar 8.8 Inception 8.4 Avengers: Endgame 8.6 Gisaengchung 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 8.8 Fight Club 8.4 The Dark Knight Rises 8.4 Django Unchained 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.9 Pulp Fiction Storyline Edit Arthur Fleck works as a clown and is an aspiring stand-up comic. He has mental health issues, part of which involves uncontrollable laughter. Times are tough and, due to his issues and occupation, Arthur has an even worse time than most. Over time these issues bear down on him, shaping his actions, making him ultimately take on the persona he is more known as...Joker. —grantss mental illnesslaughingevil clownstand up comediannihilism514 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Put on a happy face. Genres Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong bloody violence, disturbing behavior, language and brief sexual images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Joaquin Phoenix called perfecting the Joker's laugh the toughest part of playing the character. Goofs In one of the scenes, Joker is running in his big clown shoes and a second later he's running in his black street shoes. Quotes Arthur Fleck: [written in notebook] The worst part of having a mental illness is people expect you to behave as if you don't. Crazy credits The Warner Brothers logo is the Warner Communications logo used in the 1970s and early 1980s, in fitting with this film's 1981 setting. Connections Featured in That Star Wars Girl: Joker Trailer Reaction and Breakdown (2019) Soundtracks Temptation Rag Written by Henry Lodge Performed by Claude Bolling Courtesy of Decca Records France Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews11.1K Review Top review Yikes. THIS is people's "best movie ever"? The recurring themes of so many of the 10 star reviews here should tell you a lot about this movie and its audience. If you can't get through a movie review without tossing in one or more claims that "THIS movie is so much better and smarter than YOUR superhero movie" (or even basing your entire review around this premise), then I hate to break it to you, but kid, you're nowhere near as intelligent and grown up as you think you are. This "my comic publisher is better than yours" BS should have been left behind on your grade school playground, it has absolutely no relevance to the quality of this movie, and your opinion of this movie should be considered highly suspect if you're in this group. I gotta say, if this movie was also your idea of the most perfect film ever made, you really need to get out more. Look, I get it. If you live in a safe little box where all you watch are superhero movies and mainstream blockbusters then I understand how exposure to themes like this for the first time would seem new and exciting to you, and I think we can all agree that this is probably the best DC Comics related movie in the last decade or so (though that's not a high bar to meet) and of course Joaquin Phoenix is a very talented actor, but stop and take a step back and look at this thing. Joker does indeed present a theme that is of importance to our society, that of the neglect and demonizing of the mentally ill to a degree that sometimes creates monsters which everyone around them should have seen coming a mile away if they hadn't been too busy looking away to avoid feeling uncomfortable. Unfortunately, reminding us all of the fact that this situation still exists is all this movie really has to say. It dances around important subjects like "HEY KIDS, CLASS INEQUALITY!", but then never offers any actual insight into them, usually because it's too busy making forced Batman references or dropping cringey little edgy moments like the "Don't smile" sign scene which seem to have been designed solely to have something for Hot Topic to print a new t-shirt of. Between that and every single plot twist being telegraphed so very far in advance because a lot of us have seen all these exact same twists so very many times before, I just wasn't impressed. Perhaps if this had been an actual stand-alone movie of its own instead of being shackled by its completely unnecessary ties to the Batman universe it could have done something more interesting with its themes. Don't get me wrong, I don't have any problem with superhero movies, but it just feels so gratuitous here, as if someone came up with this idea, pitched it to an executive, and was told "sounds great, but can you make it a Batman movie somehow?", and I'm sorry, but I'm just not into a movie trying to tell me a half-hearted, yet dead-serious speech about mental illness in modern society while simultaneously constantly reminding me that it's technically a superhero movie because $$$ helpful•422 268 horrorgasm Jan 14, 2020 FAQ90 What did David Fincher think of the film? Is this an origin story for the Heath Ledger Joker or is this the same Joker from the comics? Did Joaquin Phoenix really go mad, losing 52 lbs. (24 kg) of weight? Details Edit Release date October 4, 2019 (Canada) Countries of origin United States Canada Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Language English Also known as Xiao Chou Filming locations 1150 Anderson Ave, The Bronx, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Warner Bros. Village Roadshow Pictures Village Roadshow Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $55,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $335,451,311 Opening weekend US & Canada $96,202,337 Oct 6, 2019 Gross worldwide $1,074,419,384 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Atmos Datasat Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Late Cinematographers Michael Chapman and Allen Daviau Remembered at Camerimage Film Festival Nov 16Variety Film + TV Joaquin Phoenix Is No Longer Scared by Interviews, Thanks to ‘C’mon C’mon’ Nov 16Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.