Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2283362/
Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle 20172017 PG-13PG-13 1h 59m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 349K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 328 385 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:36 15 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureComedy Four teenagers are sucked into a magical video game, and the only way they can escape is to work together to finish the game.Four teenagers are sucked into a magical video game, and the only way they can escape is to work together to finish the game.Four teenagers are sucked into a magical video game, and the only way they can escape is to work together to finish the game. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 349K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 328 385 Director Jake Kasdan Writers Chris McKenna(screenplay by) Erik Sommers(screenplay by) Scott Rosenberg(screenplay by) Stars Dwayne Johnson Karen Gillan Kevin Hart Top credits Director Jake Kasdan Writers Chris McKenna(screenplay by) Erik Sommers(screenplay by) Scott Rosenberg(screenplay by) Stars Dwayne Johnson Karen Gillan Kevin Hart See production, box office & company info 955User reviews 317Critic reviews 58Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 5 wins & 15 nominations Videos15 Trailer 2:36 Official Trailer #2 Trailer 2:46 Official Trailer Clip 4:07 Karen Gillan on Why She's 'Legitimately Scottish' Clip 2:19 What We Know About the 'Untitled Jumanji Sequel' ... So Far Clip 1:01 Staring Contest Clip 0:43 Alex Leads The Way Clip 0:53 Albino Rhinos Clip 0:53 Albino Rhinos Clip 1:01 Staring Contest Clip 0:43 Alex Leads The Way Clip 2:35 Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle Tamil Trailer Video 2:37 What Roles Was Jack Black Considered For? Photos255 Top cast Edit Dwayne Johnson Spenceras Spencer Karen Gillan Marthaas Martha Kevin Hart Fridgeas Fridge Jack Black Bethanyas Bethany Rhys Darby Nigelas Nigel Bobby Cannavale Van Peltas Van Pelt Nick Jonas Alexas Alex Alex Wolff Young Spenceras Young Spencer Ser'Darius Blain Young Fridgeas Young Fridge Madison Iseman Young Bethanyas Young Bethany Morgan Turner Young Marthaas Young Martha Sean Buxton Joggeras Jogger Mason Guccione Gameras Gamer Marin Hinkle Spencer's Momas Spencer's Mom Tracey Bonner Fridge's Momas Fridge's Mom Najah Jackson Girl in Caras Girl in Car Natasha Charles Parker Bethany's Momas Bethany's Mom Kat Altman Lucindaas Lucinda Director Jake Kasdan Writers Chris McKenna(screenplay by) (screen story by) Erik Sommers(screenplay by) Scott Rosenberg(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Rock On: The Life and Times of Dwayne Johnson Rock On: The Life and Times of Dwayne Johnson Take a look back at The Rock's career in photos.Get ready to Rock More like this 6.7 Jumanji: The Next Level 6.3 Central Intelligence 6.1 Rampage 7.0 Jurassic World 6.1 San Andreas 6.2 Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom 6.6 Kong: Skull Island 6.9 Aquaman 5.8 Skyscraper 6.4 Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw 5.5 Baywatch 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Storyline Edit In a brand-new Jumanji adventure, four high-school kids discover an old video-game console and are drawn into the game's jungle setting, literally becoming the adult avatars they chose. What they discover is that you don't just play Jumanji--you must survive it. To beat the game and return to the real world, they must go on the most dangerous adventure of their lives, discover what Alan Parrish left 20 years ago, and change the way they think about themselves --or they'll be stuck in the game forever, to be played by others without break. —Sony Pictures jungletrapped in a gametitle based on songsong in titlehigh school454 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The game has evolved. Genres Action Adventure Comedy Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for adventure action, suggestive content and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The statues in the jungle set are modeled after the board game pieces in the original Jumanji (1995). Goofs As in many other movies, when the characters fall from the cliff into the water, they appear almost completely dry hardly two minutes later. While this is normally a continuity problem, in this case the characters are inside a video game which does not completely follow real-world continuity. This was explicitly shown earlier when they experienced a 'cut scene'. Quotes [Professor Oberon gets eaten by a hippo] Moose Finbar: You better go in there and save her! Dr. Smolder Bravestone: I'm not gonna get in there, you get in there! Moose Finbar: I got a backpack on! You don't get in water with a backpack, everybody knows that. Crazy credits Part of the closing credits appears in the explorer's map of Jumanji given to players at the beginning of the game. Connections Featured in The Graham Norton Show: Jessica Chastain/Dawn French/Rebel Wilson/Dwayne Johnson/Kevin Hart/Jack Black/Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds (2017) Soundtracks Rollercoaster Written by Jack Antonoff and John Hill Performed by Bleachers Courtesy of RCA Records By arrangement with Sony Music Entertainment User reviews955 Review Top review 7/10 A movie with power packed smoldering intensity Reboots can be tricky. While some click, most of them crumble under the pressure to shake off the barrage of comparisons that would be thrown at the movie. Last couple of years saw such horrible reboots like Jurassic World, The Mummy, Kong: Skull Island. But much like Spiderman: Homecoming, Jumanji succeeds to impress the viewers. Jumanji gets a modern age makeover where now instead of a board game it is a video game. Four teenagers with varying personalities are put together in a detention. Here they discover the Jumanji video game and enter the world of Jumanji as their avatars. Then starts the fun ride. There are enough plot holes like how did the video game end up in a high school from Alex's freak house. The movie uses time tested cliche - Four teenagers with some flaw realize their shortcomings when (literally) seen from some other's point of view. But the fun parts of the movie makes us forget them, at least till the movie ends. The movie does not take itself seriously, and that is a huge plus point. The plot of the movie is crazy, there are man eating albino (what?!) rhinos on one side and villainous henchmen with crazy mud racing bike skills on the other side. But such craziness has been ridiculed in the movie itself, which makes you fall in love with it more. The bigger plus for the movie has been the performance of the lead actors. All of them have created niche for themselves in the film industry. Jumanji has used such niche beautifully and built very funny characters. Parts where Dwayne Johnson(Spencer) stops to admire his own physique will have you in splits. Not to mention his hilarious display of 'smoldering intensity'. Kevin Hart is Kevin Hart and Jack Blake as a women in a man's body is perfect. Karen Gillan, who is this mean Nebula in MCU, comes up with a very charming performance. All in all, Jumanji is a movie that you can watch without any regret. It will make you gasp, wonder and laugh hysterically. It is definitely worth a watch. helpful•90 46 veeresh1209 Apr 6, 2018 FAQ2 What is Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle about? Details Edit Release date January 12, 2018 (China) Countries of origin United States India Canada United Kingdom Australia Germany Official sites Official Facebook Official Site (United States) Language English Also known as Jumanji 2 Filming locations Honolulu, Hawaii, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Matt Tolmach Productions Radar Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $90,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $404,540,171 Opening weekend US & Canada $36,169,328 Dec 24, 2017 Gross worldwide $962,542,945 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix Auro 11.1 Dolby Atmos SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Alex Wolff To Star Opposite Kiersey Clemons In Sophie Kargman’s Thriller ‘Susie Searches’ Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Kirsten Dunst Calls ‘Spider-Man’ Pay Disparity ‘Extreme’: ‘Who’s on the Poster? Spider-Man and Me’ Nov 16Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.