Jurassic Park (1993) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107290/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_169
Jurassic Park (1993) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Jurassic Park 19931993 PG-13PG-13 2h 7m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 917K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 218 8 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:15 12 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi A pragmatic paleontologist touring an almost complete theme park on an island in Central America is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned din... Read allA pragmatic paleontologist touring an almost complete theme park on an island in Central America is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose.A pragmatic paleontologist touring an almost complete theme park on an island in Central America is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 917K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 218 8 Director Steven Spielberg Writers Michael Crichton(novel) David Koepp(screenplay) Stars Sam Neill Laura Dern Jeff Goldblum Top credits Director Steven Spielberg Writers Michael Crichton(novel) David Koepp(screenplay) Stars Sam Neill Laura Dern Jeff Goldblum See production, box office & company info 1.2KUser reviews 238Critic reviews 68Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #169 Won 3 Oscars 44 wins & 27 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 2:15 3D Re-Release Version Trailer 1:23 Jurassic Park Trilogy Clip 2:31 A Guide to the Films of Steven Spielberg Clip 1:33 Alphabet of Movies | A to Z Clip 3:05 How the Original 'Jurassic Park' Cast Fits Into the New 'Jurassic World' Clip 1:29 Jurassic Park: Jurassic Park Ultimate Trilogy [Blu-ray] Clip 1:29 Jurassic Park: Jurassic Park Ultimate Trilogy [Blu-ray] Featurette 1:12 Jurassic Park: Jurassic Park Ultimate Trilogy [Blu-ray] Video 4:23 The Evolution of Steven Spielberg Video 1:16 Laura Dern Is Ready to Return to Her Inspirational Role in 'Jurassic World 3' Video 2:06 Who Vied for Jeff Goldblum's 'Jurassic Park' Role? Video 1:49 Greatest Movie Adventures Photos1195 Top cast Edit Sam Neill Grantas Grant Laura Dern Ellieas Ellie Jeff Goldblum Malcolmas Malcolm Richard Attenborough Hammondas Hammond Bob Peck Muldoonas Muldoon Martin Ferrero Gennaroas Gennaro BD Wong Wuas Wu (as B. D. Wong) Joseph Mazzello Timas Tim Ariana Richards Lexas Lex Samuel L. Jackson Arnoldas Arnold Wayne Knight Nedryas Nedry Gerald R. Molen Hardingas Harding (as Jerry Molen) Miguel Sandoval Rostagnoas Rostagno Cameron Thor Dodgsonas Dodgson Christopher John Fields Volunteer #1as Volunteer #1 Whit Hertford Volunteer Boyas Volunteer Boy Dean Cundey Mateas Mate Jophery C. Brown Worker in Raptor Penas Worker in Raptor Pen (as Jophery Brown) Director Steven Spielberg Writers Michael Crichton(novel) (screenplay) David Koepp(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.6 The Lost World: Jurassic Park 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 8.5 Back to the Future 5.9 Jurassic Park III 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.6 Star Wars 7.0 Jurassic World 8.5 Terminator 2: Judgment Day 8.2 Batman Begins 8.1 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 Storyline Edit Huge advancements in scientific technology have enabled a mogul to create an island full of living dinosaurs. John Hammond has invited four individuals, along with his two grandchildren, to join him at Jurassic Park. But will everything go according to plan? A park employee attempts to steal dinosaur embryos, critical security systems are shut down and it now becomes a race for survival with dinosaurs roaming freely over the island. —Film_Fan dinosaursneezebipedal dinosaurnational film registrytyrannosaurus rex396 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Life finds a way. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense science fiction terror Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia This movie and the book generated so much interest in dinosaurs that the study of paleontology has had a record increase in students. Goofs (at around 25 mins) The mosquito that is encased in amber, and from which the DNA sample is extracted is male. This is evident from the "bushy" look of the antennae. Female mosquitoes have far fewer hairs on their antennae, and so the distinction is easily made. Only females drink blood, as it is needed to produce eggs. There would not have been any dinosaur DNA in the male to extract. To make it worse, in that species of mosquito, Toxirhynchites, both the males and females are flower feeders, and would therefore have no blood, or dinosaur DNA in their stomachs. Quotes John Hammond: All major theme parks have delays. When they opened Disneyland in 1956, nothing worked! Dr. Ian Malcolm: Yeah, but, John, if The Pirates of the Caribbean breaks down, the pirates don't eat the tourists. Crazy credits When it says "A Steven Spielberg film" at the end of the movie, listen closely. You will hear the slightly modified five tones from Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977). Alternate versions The mainland Chinese release of the 3D version (the original version was not released there) deletes the following: The goat chunk splattering against the tour jeep and Lex's subsequent reaction. Gennaro in the T-Rex's mouth. Dr. Satler's discovery of Arnold's severed arm. The raptor pouncing on Muldoon. Connections Edited into 5 Second Movies: Jurassic Park (2008) Soundtracks Las Gaviotas Written by Dolores Guadalupe Olivares (as Dolores Ayala Olivares) Performed by The Madacy Mariachi Band Courtesy of Madacy Music Group User reviews1.2K Review Top review One of the greatest films ever made. I don't know why I loved this movie so much. Maybe it was the utter amazement when I first saw the Brachiosaurus eat from a tree. Or maybe it was my adrenaline rushing when two 12 year old were attacked by velociraptors. It might possibly be the chills that went down my spine when the T-Rex first made his terrifying roar. Whatever it was, it made me write this review. Allan Grant (Sam Neil) and Ellie (Laura Dern) are two successful paleontologists who are asked by a rich man John Hammond to come at his park for a major tour. They agree and are taken to an island where "Jurassic Park" logos are everywhere. The two paleontologists have no idea what they are getting themselves into. The first dinosaur to make an apearance is the Brachiosaurus, which both of them are extrememly amazed by its giant apearance, and so is the audience. What the two of them don't know is that there are much more terrifying and carnivorous dinosaurs who are about to escape and run loose.... Directed by the mighty Steven Speilberg, Jurassic Park relied on more character development than any other creature-feature. Usually you get second-rate actors who can't act, getting terrified by monsters that don't really exist. Jurassic Park was the opposite. It changed the way we looked at the world, and it will forever. Based on the novel by Micheal Crichton, Jurassic Park was an amazing movie. From beginning to end, Jurassic Park bedazzled us with dinosaurs. Dinosaurs that are EXTINCT. There are a lot of cool cameos and the stars give great performances. The whole family should watch this movie. Not for the glossy title, but because of the dinosaurs. I remember being a kid when I first watched it, and I remember loving this movie so bad. The climax was excellent, and I am not saying what happens, unlike the sequel to this film (Jurassic Park 3). A climax-less bad film, that was. But this....this was magic. And yes, it was a masterpiece. The magic of this film is what brought me into dinosaurs, too. I had a "Jurassic Park" marathon today and I watched this movie, and I can still feel the magic. You will feel the magic too once you see it. I just have absolutely nothing to say except that Steven Speilberg will put a spell on you. Even if you don't like creature-features, this movie will entertain you. Steven Speilberg will take you to places that no one else ever will. And the "life will find a way" speech is here, ready to make someone feel that creating dinosaurs that have been extinct for millions of years is a good thing. Absolutely needless to say, Jurassic Park was a golden diamond. 10/10 (One of the greatest films ever made) helpful•400 90 Go_rated_R Aug 16, 2001 FAQ34 What kind of machine was used at the digsite in Snakewater Montana? Did Malcolm intentionally mean to get Gennaro killed by the T-rex by leading her to the shed? Muldoon describes one of the raptors as "the big one". Thing is, while all three raptors are never seen onscreen together, they all seem to be exactly the same size. Details Edit Release date June 11, 1993 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English Spanish Also known as Zhuluoji gongyuan Filming locations Tehachapi Pass, California, USA Production companies Universal Pictures Amblin Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $63,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $404,214,720 Opening weekend US & Canada $47,026,828 Jun 13, 1993 Gross worldwide $1,033,928,303 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 7 minutes Sound mix DTS Related news Kathleen Kennedy Renews Lucasfilm Contract Through 2024 Nov 16Slash Film "Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous" Nov 12SneakPeek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Jurassic Park (1993) in Mexico?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.