Kaze no tani no Naushika (1984) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087544/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_239
Kaze no tani no Naushika (1984) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Kaze no tani no Naushika 19841984 1h 57m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 161K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,323 739 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:20 7 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureFantasy Warrior and pacifist Princess Nausicaä desperately struggles to prevent two warring nations from destroying themselves and their dying planet.Warrior and pacifist Princess Nausicaä desperately struggles to prevent two warring nations from destroying themselves and their dying planet.Warrior and pacifist Princess Nausicaä desperately struggles to prevent two warring nations from destroying themselves and their dying planet. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 161K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,323 739 Director Hayao Miyazaki Writers Hayao Miyazaki(based on the manga by) Cindy Davis(english language adaptation) Donald H. Hewitt(english language adaptation) Stars Sumi Shimamoto(voice) Mahito Tsujimura(voice) Hisako Kyôda(voice) Top credits Director Hayao Miyazaki Writers Hayao Miyazaki(based on the manga by) Cindy Davis(english language adaptation) Donald H. Hewitt(english language adaptation) Stars Sumi Shimamoto(voice) Mahito Tsujimura(voice) Hisako Kyôda(voice) See production, box office & company info 267User reviews 133Critic reviews 86Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #239 Awards 4 wins & 2 nominations Videos7 Trailer 2:20 Miyazaki Collection Wave 2 Trailer 2:20 Miyazaki Collection Wave 2 Clip 1:07 Nausicaa of the Valley of Wind Clip 1:36 Nausicaa of the Valley of Wind Clip 0:33 Nausicaa of the Valley of Wind Clip 1:08 Nausicaa of the Valley of Wind Clip 0:55 Nausicaa of the Valley of Wind Photos135 Top cast Edit Sumi Shimamoto Nausicaäas Nausicaä (voice) Mahito Tsujimura Jihlas Jihl (voice) … Hisako Kyôda Oh-Babaas Oh-Baba (voice) Gorô Naya Yupaas Yupa (voice) Ichirô Nagai Mitoas Mito (voice) Kôhei Miyauchi Goruas Goru (voice) Jôji Yanami Gikkurias Gikkuri (voice) Minoru Yada Nigaas Niga (voice) Rihoko Yoshida Tetoas Teto (voice) … Masako Sugaya Girl Aas Girl A (voice) Takako Sasuga Girl Bas Girl B (voice) Chika Sakamoto Boy Aas Boy A (voice) Tarako Boy Bas Boy B (voice) (as TARAKO) Yôji Matsuda Asbelas Asbel (voice) Mîna Tominaga Rastelas Rastel (voice) Mugihito Mayor of Pejiteas Mayor of Pejite (voice) (as Makoto Terada) Akiko Tsuboi Rastel's Motheras Rastel's Mother (voice) Yoshiko Sakakibara Kushanaas Kushana (voice) Director Hayao Miyazaki Writers Hayao Miyazaki(based on the manga by) (screenplay by) Cindy Davis(english language adaptation) Donald H. Hewitt(english language adaptation) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Mononoke-hime 7.7 Kurenai no buta 7.8 Kaze tachinu 8.5 Hotaru no haka 6.4 Gedo senki 7.6 Omohide poro poro 7.6 Rupan sansei: Kariosutoro no shiro 8.1 Shin seiki Evangelion Gekijô-ban: Air/Magokoro wo, kimi ni 8.2 Koe no katachi 8.4 Kimi no na wa. 4.5 Tales of the Valley of the Wind 8.0 Akira Storyline Edit An animated fantasy-adventure. Set one thousand years from now, the Earth is ravaged by pollution and war. In the Valley of the Wind lives Nausicaä, Princess of her people. Their land borders on a toxic jungle, filled with dangerous over-sized insects. Meanwhile, two nearby nations are bitterly engaged in a war and the Valley of the Wind is stuck in the middle. —grantss post apocalypseprincessgiant insectpollutiondying planet119 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Miyazaki's epic masterpiece (2005 Disney release) Genres Animation Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Writer and Director Hayao Miyazaki was still so upset by the truncated "Warriors of the Wind" version of Nausicaä, that when Harvey Weinstein approached him to discuss the distribution to Mononoke-hime (1997) and insisted on a similar heavily cut version of the movie, Miyazaki angrily left the meeting. Several days later, Studio Ghibli producer Toshio Suzuki sent a katana sword to Weinstein's office with "NO CUTS" embedded into its blade. The movie was later released in the U.S. in its uncut version. During a later interview, Miyazaki commented on the incident by smiling and stating "I defeated him." Goofs During the invasion of The Valley of the Wind one of the large carrier planes is seen moving backwards. Quotes Nausicaä: Every one of us relies on water from the wells, because mankind has polluted all the lakes and rivers. but do you know why the well water is pure? It's because the trees of the wastelands purify it! And you plan to burn the trees down? You must not burn down the toxic jungle! You should have left the giant warrior beneath the earth!... Asbel, tell them how the jungle evolved and how the insects are gaurding it so we won't pollute the earth again. Asbel please! Crazy credits As the credits roll we see life returning to normal in the valley: Kushana, Kurotowa and the Tolmekian fleet leave peacefully, after Nausicaä has unheard words for Kushana. The denizens of the Valley of the Wind replant trees in the burned-down forest. Lord Yupa and Asbel ride Yupa's beasts to the Toxic Jungle and explore it. When the text "The End" appears on screen we see Nausicaa's discarded helmet in the forest, alongside a green, non-Toxic Jungle sapling. Alternate versions In the original Japanese version of the film, a World Wildlife logo praising the film is displayed at the beginning. For the US release from Disney, this logo was replaced with a typical Studio Ghibli logo. Connections Edited into Tales of the Valley of the Wind (2009) Soundtracks Kaze no Tani no Naushika (Symbolic Theme Song) Lyrics by Takashi Matsumoto Music by Haruomi Hosono Arranged by Mitsuo Hagita Vocals by Narumi Yasuda (Tokuma Japan) User reviews267 Review Top review THE film to challenge people's assumptions about anime. I saw the dubbed version years ago and, even in that form, was taken by the imaginative visuals, interesting storyline, and worthwhile characters. I was also impressed by the fact the lead character was a strong young woman, who was a "warrior" yet whose greatest strength lay in her compassion (rather than striving to become a female Rambo.) I tracked down a copy of the VHS and sent it to my young nieces, pleased with a "kid's" movie which provided a positive role model without being dumb. The movie captivated them as well -- they wore the tape out, and it started them on a lifelong interest in anime. It was they who sent me the uncut subtitled version years later, completing the circle. Nausicaa is decent science fiction, often breath-taking animation, and unusually *human* characters, and every time I see it I am glad I returned. Everyone should give it a chance, especially those who have written off anime as "round eyed kids and lots of explosions". helpful•147 23 insightstraight Feb 19, 2004 FAQ2 What are the differences between the Old Disney Version and the Original Version? Details Edit Release date March 11, 1984 (Japan) Country of origin Japan Official sites Disney (United States) Disney's official site Language Japanese Also known as 风之谷 Production companies Nibariki Tokuma Shoten Hakuhodo See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $495,770 Gross worldwide $8,736,506 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 57 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.75 : 1(original aspect ratio) 1.85 : 1 Related news If You Want To Prep For Dune, Watch Nausicaa Of The Valley Of The Wind Oct 21Slash Film Macross Zero Anime Review: Macross Zero (2002) by Shoji Kawamori Jul 31AsianMoviePulse Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Kaze no tani no Naushika (1984)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.