Kill Bill: Vol. 1 (2003) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266697/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_179
Kill Bill: Vol. 1 (2003) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Kill Bill: Vol. 1 20032003 RR 1h 51m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 589 3 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:34 12 Videos 99+ Photos ActionCrimeDrama After awakening from a four-year coma, a former assassin wreaks vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her.After awakening from a four-year coma, a former assassin wreaks vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her.After awakening from a four-year coma, a former assassin wreaks vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 589 3 Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(based on the character "The Bride" created by) Uma Thurman(based on the character "The Bride" created by) Stars Uma Thurman David Carradine Daryl Hannah Top credits Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(based on the character "The Bride" created by) Uma Thurman(based on the character "The Bride" created by) Stars Uma Thurman David Carradine Daryl Hannah See production, box office & company info 2.3KUser reviews 341Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #179 Awards 29 wins & 103 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 1:34 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 Trailer 1:33 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 Trailer 1:34 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 Clip 1:33 Alphabet of Movies | A to Z Clip 4:23 What to Watch: "At Home" Edition Clip 5:09 How 'Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood' Connects the TarantinoVerse Clip 3:13 25 Years After 'Pulp Fiction', Tarantino Delivers a 'Hollywood' Masterwork Full Episode 3:02 'Dangerous Lies' Star Jamie Chung Wants to Play This Tarantino Character Full Episode 3:40 Jurnee Smollett's Valentine's Day Watchlist Video 2:00 Katheryn Winnick Assembles Her Perfect Team of Warrior Women Video 1:57 Does "Mayans M.C." Creator Kurt Sutter Know His Movie Bikes? Video 3:21 What We Know About 'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood' ... So Far Photos233 Top cast Edit Uma Thurman The Brideas The Bride David Carradine Billas Bill Daryl Hannah Elle Driveras Elle Driver Michael Madsen Buddas Budd Lucy Liu O-Ren Ishiias O-Ren Ishii Vivica A. Fox Vernita Greenas Vernita Green Julie Dreyfus Sofie Fataleas Sofie Fatale Chiaki Kuriyama Gogo Yubarias Gogo Yubari Shin'ichi Chiba Hattori Hanzoas Hattori Hanzo (as Sonny Chiba) Chia-Hui Liu Johnny Moas Johnny Mo (as Gordon Liu) Michael Parks Earl McGrawas Earl McGraw Michael Bowen Buckas Buck Jun Kunimura Boss Tanakaas Boss Tanaka Kenji Ohba Bald Guy (Sushi Shop)as Bald Guy (Sushi Shop) (as Kenji Oba) Yuki Kazamatsuri Proprietoras Proprietor James Parks Edgar McGrawas Edgar McGraw Sakichi Sato Charlie Brownas Charlie Brown Jonathan Loughran Truckeras Trucker Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(based on the character "The Bride" created by) Uma Thurman(based on the character "The Bride" created by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 Kill Bill: Vol. 2 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.4 Django Unchained 8.9 Pulp Fiction 7.8 The Hateful Eight 8.1 The Truman Show 8.2 Shutter Island Kill Bill: Vol. 3 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.8 Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair 8.1 No Country for Old Men Storyline Edit The lead character, called 'The Bride,' was a member of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, led by her lover 'Bill.' Upon realizing she was pregnant with Bill's child, 'The Bride' decided to escape her life as a killer. She fled to Texas, met a young man, who, on the day of their wedding rehearsal was gunned down by an angry and jealous Bill (with the assistance of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad). Four years later, 'The Bride' wakes from a coma, and discovers her baby is gone. She, then, decides to seek revenge upon the five people who destroyed her life and killed her baby. The saga of Kill Bill Volume I begins. —JD revengebrideswordfemale protagonistmartial arts355 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines In the year 2003, Uma Thurman will kill Bill Genres Action Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong bloody violence, language and some sexual content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Quentin Tarantino originally intended to cast a Japanese actress to play O-Ren Ishii, but before casting began, he saw Lucy Liu's work in Shanghai Noon (2000) and immediately changed O-Ren into a Chinese-Japanese-American, so that Liu could play the part. Goofs When the Bride boards the airplane she has the samurai sword with her in the cabin. Obviously, this wouldn't happen in reality. This is a stylistic choice for this film. The couple sitting directly behind The Bride have a sword as well, and a third sword can be seen. In addition, all of O-Ren's outriders have swords prominently displayed on their bikes. Quotes Hattori Hanzo: Revenge is never a straight line. It's a forest, And like a forest it's easy to lose your way... To get lost... To forget where you came in. Crazy credits Shin'ichi Chiba (Hattori Hanzo) is listed as the samurai sword advisor. He played a maker of samurai swords in the film. Alternate versions Many changes were made to the movie to minimize the violent and adult content when it was broadcast on TBS. One of the most interesting: The "Pussy Wagon" was changed to a "Party Wagon". Connections Edited from Il grande duello (1972) Soundtracks Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down) Written by Sonny Bono Performed by Nancy Sinatra Courtesy of Boots Enterprises, Inc. By Arrangement with Celebrity Licensing User reviews2.3K Review Top review 9/10 Instant classic, but not for all audiences. I know it's a couple years late, but I had to write a review for some of the few people that haven't seen one of my favorite and refreshing I've seen over the last few years. Kill Bill Vol. 1 is yet another quality film of Tarantino's short, but distinguished list. Kill Bill involves a nameless woman (Uma Thurman) who is slowing seeking revenge on her former hit squad the Viper Squad and her boss Bill (David Caradine.) Her former hit squad wronged her by gunning down her closest friends and family during her wedding and putting her into a coma while being pregnant. A few years later she awakens in a hospital, without child, and tries to track down each member of the squad. As the story progresses (through this film and the sequel), you find out who she really, why Bill wanted her dead and the fate of her daughter. The movie is really a combination of Tarantino's love for the 70's over-dramatized Kung-Fu movie era and story of revenge with rich dialog. Yes, this movie is violent, but in a cheesy way. This created some controversy and really had audiences stirred up, failing to realize it was supposed to be over the top without no sense of realism. Like I said, it was supposed to be a tribute more so than a gruesome action flick. With all cheesiness aside, I can understand how some people could feel a little woozy after seeing someone lose an arm and having 4 gallons of Kool-Aid red blood shoot out of the body like a whale's blow hole. What really makes this movie is Tarantino ability to make bad to mediocre actors seem like good ones, a smart and hilarious dialog and a good storyline. Of course, this is what he does in pretty much in all of his movies. There are various plot holes in the story, but we are really meant to ignore them unlike most movies. Just like the gory scenes, come to grips to the fact that the most of the implausibilities are there just to fill in the gaps of the movie. The movie also features a couple of classic Tarantino showdowns, including an unforgettable one with the Japanese infamous crime lord, O-Ren Ishii (Lucy Lui.) Once again, Tarantino puts his imagination at work again in his story telling by using some of his old techniques like jumping timelines and some new ones like adding Japanese animation for character backgrounds. I wouldn't really recommend this film to someone who is really not from the Pulp Fiction era. This film is really just homage to flicks that frequently appear on Sunday Samurai Showcase, revenge and Tarantino's continuous fascination with Uma Thurman. This film contains extreme violence and sometimes strange dialog coupled with some pretty good acting and directing. If you're not a fan of Tarantino's films, you should pass on this one because it is doesn't stray to far from his other stuff. If you like his other works, this is a must see due to its originality and quality. And, if you just don't like Tarantino himself, and find him annoying like everybody else, I don't blame you but it's still worth your while seeing. helpful•301 194 Brent_P Mar 6, 2005 FAQ21 Why did the Yakuza boss (Matsumoto) killed O-ren Ishii's parents? What is 'Kill Bill: Vol. 1' about? Is 'Kill Bill: Vol. 1' based on a book? Details Edit Release date October 10, 2003 (United States) Countries of origin United States Hong Kong Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Japanese French Also known as 杀死比尔 Filming locations Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Production companies Miramax A Band Apart Super Cool ManChu See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $30,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $70,099,045 Opening weekend US & Canada $22,200,000 Oct 12, 2003 Gross worldwide $180,906,076 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 51 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Quentin Tarantino Is Putting 7 Uncut, Never-Before-Seen ‘Pulp Fiction’ Scenes Up for Auction Nov 2Indiewire Kick-Ass Movie Review Oct 29AsianMoviePulse Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Kill Bill: Vol. 1 (2003) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.