King Arthur (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0349683/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
King Arthur (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In King Arthur 20042004 PG-13PG-13 2h 6m IMDb RATING 6.3/10 164K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 742 614 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:16 3 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama A demystified take on the tale of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.A demystified take on the tale of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.A demystified take on the tale of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. IMDb RATING 6.3/10 164K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 742 614 Director Antoine Fuqua Writer David Franzoni Stars Clive Owen Stephen Dillane Keira Knightley Top credits Director Antoine Fuqua Writer David Franzoni Stars Clive Owen Stephen Dillane Keira Knightley See production, box office & company info 938User reviews 89Critic reviews 46Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 8 nominations Videos3 Trailer 0:16 King Arthur Trailer 2:10 King Arthur Trailer 2:03 King Arthur Photos299 Top cast Edit Clive Owen Arthuras Arthur Stephen Dillane Merlinas Merlin Keira Knightley Guinevereas Guinevere Ioan Gruffudd Lancelotas Lancelot Mads Mikkelsen Tristanas Tristan Joel Edgerton Gawainas Gawain Hugh Dancy Galahadas Galahad Ray Winstone Borsas Bors Ray Stevenson Dagonetas Dagonet Stellan Skarsgård Cerdicas Cerdic Til Schweiger Cynricas Cynric Sean Gilder Jolsas Jols Pat Kinevane Hortonas Horton Ivano Marescotti Bishop Germaniusas Bishop Germanius Ken Stott Marius Honoriusas Marius Honorius Lorenzo De Angelis Alectoas Alecto Stefania Orsola Garello Fulciniaas Fulcinia Alan Devine British Scoutas British Scout Director Antoine Fuqua Writer David Franzoni All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.6 Robin Hood 7.2 Kingdom of Heaven 6.7 King Arthur: Legend of the Sword 6.2 The Eagle 6.6 The 13th Warrior 6.3 Centurion 6.9 Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves 7.4 Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World 6.6 Tears of the Sun 7.2 The Patriot 7.3 Troy 5.6 Alexander Storyline Edit In 400 AD, the Roman Empire extends to Britain and the Romans become impressed with the fight skills of the warrior Sarmatian people, which are spared, but have to send their sons to serve Rome in the cavalry for fifteen years. Only after these services, these knights are free to return home. King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table have their last mission before achieving their freedom. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil ancient romequeen guinevere characterking arthurknightfreedom179 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Rule Your Fate Genres Action Adventure Drama History War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense battle sequences, a scene of sensuality and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Stellan Skarsgård turned the role of Cerdic down three times before director Antoine Fuqua was able to persuade him to take it. Fuqua never approached any other actor for the part. Goofs Pelagius did not advance a theory of political freedom, but resisted the doctrine of original sin, arguing that one was able to perform good works and achieve salvation by sinlessness alone without requiring spiritual Grace. It was declared a heresy of the Roman Church in 418 A.D. Quotes Lancelot: You look frightened. There's a large number of lonely men out there. Guinevere: Don't worry, I won't let them rape you. Crazy credits There are no opening credits, not even the production company and studio bumpers, only the title. Alternate versions The film was originally envisioned and shot as an R-rated piece with corresponding graphic violence. However, after the picture had been edited, Disney executives demanded it be changed to a PG-13, hence necessitating a lot of effects work to remove the blood from the battle scenes. Additionally, a number of scenes were removed and rearranged, and some new scenes were added. In total, the Director's Cut runs roughly 15 minutes longer than the theatrical cut. These additions include: the scene where young Lancelot (Elliot Henderson-Boyle) leaves his village in longer. a scene of young Arthur (Shane Murray-Corcoran) with his mother (Stephanie Putson), and then a scene where he discusses freedom with Pelagius (Owen Teale) whilst he watches the young Lancelot arrive on the hilltop. during the first battle, aside from the additional blood that was digitally removed from the theatrical version, numerous quick shots have been added. These include: Picts dragging Romans off their horses and killing them; a Pict slashing at a horse with his sword, causing it to fall; a Pict decapitating a soldier and holding his head aloft, only to be beheaded himself from behind; a Pict hit with an arrow; a Pict impaled on a spear; a Pict hit in the back with an arrow whilst trying to get to the Bishop; a scene of a Pict being hit in the eye with an arrow; a scene of Lancelot (Ioan Gruffudd) decapitating a Pict by using his swords like a scissors; a scene of Bors (Ray Winstone) fighting with his 'gloved knives'; a scene of Bors stabbing a Pict in the throat. after the battle, in the theatrical version, the fake bishop (Bosco Hogan) has an arrow in his chest; in the Director's Cut, it is in his head. a scene where the knights approach the real Germanius (Ivano Marescotti) with their weapons drawn, before realizing that all is well and sheathing them. the conversation between Germanius and Arthur (Clive Owen) is longer. a scene of the knights toasting their fallen comrades at the Round Table. a scene where Germanius visits the knights as they prepare to leave, and they show him their disapproval of the mission. the Director's Cut does not contain the scene where the knights sit around a camp fire talking about their prospective lives in Sarmatia. a scene where some dead soldiers are found on the side of the road. a conversation between Lancelot and Guinevere (Keira Knightley) about England and the weather. another conversation between Lancelot and Guinevere, this time at night, where they discuss family and faith. The scene ends with Lancelot telling her he would have left her in the dungeon. the first conversation between Merlin (Stephen Dillane) and Arthur has been edited differently with different takes used. an aerial shot of Hadrian's Wall a scene where Dagonet (Ray Stevenson) is buried. a scene of Bors sitting at Dagonet's grave, getting drunk. the sex scene between Guinevere and Arthur is in a different place in both versions of the film. In the theatrical version, Arthur is seen in full battle armor, examining the broken image of Pelagius, when he is alerted that the Saxons are heading towards Hadrian's Wall. He runs outside, but when he appears, he is hastily putting on his shirt, and his hair is disheveled, thus creating something of a continuity error. The sex scene follows this scene. In the Director's Cut however, after the conversation between Arthur and Guinevere where they discuss his morality, they begin to have sex only to be interrupted with the news of the Saxons. The scene then cuts to Arthur appearing on the wall, putting on his shirt. As such, the scene where he is examining Pelagius's image is absent from the Director's Cut. The scenes have been edited together differently as well, with the sex scene in the Director's Cut being slightly longer than the theatrical version. a scene where Cynric (Til Schweiger) is demoted for his failure during the ice battle. His frustration is much to Cerdic's (Stellan Skarsgård) amusement. a scene of the knights leaving Hadrian's Wall amidst hundreds of small fires set by the Saxons. the scene of the confused Saxons in the fog is longer, with more Saxons being chopped down, including one having his arm severed. the scene of the sole Saxon survivor (Joe McKinney) running back to the Saxons is longer. during the final battle, aside from the additional blood that was digitally removed from the theatrical version, numerous quick shots have been added. These include: a scene of a Saxon impaled by an ax in his chest; a scene of Guinevere stabbing a fallen adversary; a scene of a Saxon being stabbed in the throat; a scene of Guinevere stabbing a Saxon in his crotch; a scene of Arthur ramming his sword into a Saxon's throat; a scene of Gawain (Joel Edgerton) being shot in the chest with an arrow and pulling it out; the scene of several female warriors overpowering a Saxon is much longer and more violent as the women begin to literally tear him to pieces; a scene of Tristan (Mads Mikkelsen) slowly approaching Cerdic; a scene of Bors being stabbed in the back but continuing to fight; a scene of Ganis (Charlie Creed-Miles) fighting a Saxon inside the Wall; a scene where a Saxon is stabbed in the face; the battle between Tristan and Cerdic is longer and more graphic; the scene of Lancelot being wounded is in slow motion; the scene of Cerdic's death is longer and includes a new conclusion where he and Lancelot crawl towards one another and Lancelot stabs him through the throat; the fight between Cerdic and Arthur is slightly longer, with Arthur stabbing Cerdic a final time after Cerdic has whispered Arthur's name. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: King Arthur/Sleepover/America's Heart & Soul (2004) Soundtracks Amergin's Invocation Composed by Lisa Gerrard & Patrick Cassidy Courtesy of Sony/ATV Music Publishing (Australia) User reviews938 Review Top review Take one tale about magic, war, love, betrayal. Subtract the magic, love and betrayal. Jerry Bruckheimer's yearly contribution to the annual `Low on Plot High on Style' Movie Fair that is the Summer Blockbuster Season is `Kind Arthur,' whose tag line is `The Untold true story that inspired the legend.' I guess when a movie claims to be telling the `true story' of a man that historians can't even agree ever existed, I get suspicious. And when this movie that claims to be telling the `true story' features current `it-girl' Keira Knightly wearing a belt for a top (and a cinched up belt at that), I determine that this movie is based on about as much fact as a grocery store tabloid. And I'm talking about those `Woman marries Werewolf and has a Bat Boy' tabloids too. The `true story' claim is really just code for `no magic, no singing, just lots of dirty guys.' Arthur (Clive Owen), a general for the rapidly declining Roman Empire, and a group of knights protect one of the farthest and most vulnerable Roman posts. At the end of their tenure, a snarky Roman Bishop sends Arthur and the handful of remaining Knights on one last suicidal mission to retrieve a Roman family living living in hostile territory on the brink of being invaded by the Saxons (why they're living so far into non-Roman territory is a mystery to all). At the Roman estate, Arthur is determined to saved a few dozen villagers from the Saxons in addition to the Roman Family (he also rescues Guinevere who was in a dungeon being punished for her pagan ways). Arthur, though he had a Briton mother, considers himself a Roman above all and is eager to return to Rome. But, after learning his beloved Rome is on the brink of being sacked and Guinevere uses a little gentle persuasion, Arthur begins to care about the Britons he once fought. Question: What would the story of Arthur be like without the Sword in the Stone or the Lady in the Lake? If Merlin was a rebel Briton leader rather than a wizard and Arthur's mentor? If Lancelot and Guinevere weren't lovers, and if Arthur's illegitimate child Mordred never came to crash the party? Answer: A big, gloomy movie that often feels like little more than a wannabe "Gladiator" and "Braveheart." "King Arthur" is one of those frustrating movies that had the potential to be good, but thanks to some missteps and mistakes only ranks as average. Some of the missteps are small, for example, Guinevere's little war outfit that just makes me giggle, or how her fingers were mangled in the dungeon she was kept in but Arthur resets them and by the next day she's shooting an arrow with deadly accuracy. "I see your hand is better," Lancelot quips. Glad to see someone in the movie itself found it ridiculous too. My biggest grip with the movie is the way they handled Lancelot, well, I should really complain about all the knights since they were all cardboard cutouts at best. I figured since they went to trouble of starting the movie with a clip of Lancelot as a child that he would be a larger factor in the movie. But as an adult (played by Ioan Gruffudd, who I'd cheat on Arthur with any day) his role is relegated to some one-liners and a couple bitch-sessions with Arthur about how to much he doesn't want to do whatever. In what is probably the worst move in the movie, the love triangle between Arthur/Guinevere/Lancelot is completely absent. Lancelot and Guinevere's relationship consists of Lancelot staring at her a lot, and it's hard to tell if he wants her, or if he's angry at her for taking Arthur affection. Now it's not because I was eager to see some Ioan/Keira make-out sessions, it's just Guinevere's betrayal has always been a core part of the Arthur legend, how when things seemed so perfect, Arthur's wife and best friend betray him and ultimately bring down Camelot. With it already falling to 6th place at the box office in it's second week of release, King Arthur will likely go down as the big flop of the Summer of 2004. It's sometimes hard to figure out why some movies flop while other similar movies (Troy and Van Helsing, neither a box office smash but at least reached the $100 million level that King Arthur will never reach) enjoy moderate, and even great, success. "King Arthur's" problem is that the makers were so eager to demystify the legend that they stripped away all of the elements that made it a legend. All that's left are some uninspired battle scenes, a few mundane speeches about being born free, and footage of Keira in that outfit that talk-shows hosts will probably tease her about for the rest of her career. helpful•10 1 freakezette Jul 19, 2004 FAQ15 What is the battle depicted in the opening montage? What is the inscription on Excalibur? How can Lancelot be narrating when he is dead? Details Edit Release date July 7, 2004 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Ireland Languages English Latin Irish Gaelic Welsh Gaelic Also known as Knights of the Roundtable Filming locations Ballymore Eustace, County Kildare, Ireland Production companies Touchstone Pictures Jerry Bruckheimer Films Green Hills Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $120,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $51,882,244 Opening weekend US & Canada $15,193,907 Jul 11, 2004 Gross worldwide $203,567,857 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 6 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Bette Midler, Kathy Najimy, and Sarah Jessica Parker to Reunite as the Sanderson Sisters in Hocus Pocus 2, Coming to Disney+ in Fall of 2022 May 20DailyDead 10 Modern Fairytale Films (That Disney Fans Need To See) Jan 10ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for King Arthur (2004)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.