Kingdom Hearts (Video Game 2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0322968/?ref_=adv_li_tt
Kingdom Hearts (Video Game 2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Kingdom Hearts Video Game 20022002 EE IMDb RATING 9.2/10 7.1K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:32 2 Videos 55 Photos ActionAdventureFamily When his world is destroyed and his friends mysteriously disappear, a young boy named Sora is thrust into a quest to find his missing friends and prevent the armies of darkness from destroyi... Read allWhen his world is destroyed and his friends mysteriously disappear, a young boy named Sora is thrust into a quest to find his missing friends and prevent the armies of darkness from destroying many other worlds.When his world is destroyed and his friends mysteriously disappear, a young boy named Sora is thrust into a quest to find his missing friends and prevent the armies of darkness from destroying many other worlds. IMDb RATING 9.2/10 7.1K YOUR RATING Rate Director Tetsuya Nomura Writers Tetsuya Nomura(concept) Keiko Nobumoto(scenario supervisor: scenario) Hironobu Sakaguchi(series creator: "Final Fantasy") Stars Miyu Irino(voice) Mamoru Miyano(voice) Risa Uchida(voice) Top credits Director Tetsuya Nomura Writers Tetsuya Nomura(concept) Keiko Nobumoto(scenario supervisor: scenario) Hironobu Sakaguchi(series creator: "Final Fantasy") Stars Miyu Irino(voice) Mamoru Miyano(voice) Risa Uchida(voice) See production, box office & company info 91User reviews 6Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Videos2 Trailer 0:32 Kingdom Hearts (Trailer 1) Trailer 1:24 Kingdom Hearts Photos55 Top cast Edit Miyu Irino Soraas Sora (voice) Mamoru Miyano Rikuas Riku (voice) Risa Uchida Kairias Kairi (voice) Kôichi Yamadera Donald Duckas Donald Duck (voice) … Yû Shimaka Goofyas Goofy (voice) (as Yutaka Shimaka) Akio Ôtsuka Ansemas Ansem (voice) (as Akio Ohtsuka) Toshiko Sawada Maleficentas Maleficent (voice) Mika Doi Aliceas Alice (voice) … Sumie Ozawa Queen of Heartsas Queen of Hearts (voice) Shigeru Ushiyama White Rabbitas White Rabbit (voice) Takehiro Koyama The Doorknobas The Doorknob (voice) Jûrôta Kosugi Tarzanas Tarzan (voice) (as Jurota Kosugi) Mayumi Suzuki Jane Porteras Jane Porter (voice) … Banjô Ginga Claytonas Clayton (voice) (as Banjo Ginga) Yuko Doi Terkas Terk (voice) … Shun Yashiro Winnie the Poohas Winnie the Pooh (voice) Tesshô Genda Tiggeras Tigger (voice) (as Tessho Genda) Kiyoshi Komiyama Pigletas Piglet (voice) Director Tetsuya Nomura Writers Tetsuya Nomura(concept) Keiko Nobumoto(scenario supervisor: scenario) Hironobu Sakaguchi(series creator: "Final Fantasy") (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 9.1 Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix 8.3 Kingdom Hearts III 9.3 Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix 8.1 Kingdom Hearts: 358/2 Days 9.3 Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 + 2.5 Remix 7.8 Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories 7.4 Kingdom Hearts Re:coded 8.6 Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy 8.9 Sly 2: Band of Thieves 9.1 Super Mario 64 7.2 Fainaru fantajî XIII 8.2 Fainaru fantajî XII Storyline Edit Sora's world is shattered when a violent storm hits his home, and is seperated from his two closest friends. The storm scatters the three to unknown worlds. At the same time, there is turmoil in the Disney Castle. King Mickey is missing, and Court Wizard Donald and Captain Goofy are out to find him. On their travels they meet Sora, on his own search for his lost friends. The three are told of ominous creatures called Heartless, being without hearts derived from an unknown dimension and are the ones responsible for the devastating storm. The Disney villians, enticed by the power of darkness, manipulate the Darkness to help them gather the princesses of heart, who are needed to open a mysterious final door. Upon discovering the link between the Heartless, the storm, and the disappearance of King Mickey, Sora, Donald, and Goofy join forces and help familiar Disney heroes to save their worlds from the Heartless. —Anonymous console gameplaystation 2part of seriessupervillainesssingle player99 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You never know who you will run into next. Genres Action Adventure Family Fantasy Mystery Certificate E Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Ariel was originally meant to be a Princess of Heart, but in order for her to be captured by Maleficent, the story portion of Ursula giving her legs would have had to take place first. It was already too late in production to add this, so the producers chose Alice as a Princess of Heart, which garnered fan outrage, due to not staying true to the Disney Princesses. However, after finding out the troublesome production of the game, the fans forgave the game developers. Goofs When using the Gummi Ship for the first time, Goofy warns Sora that 'the Heartless ships often give us a hard time. However, he and Donald have only just learned who the Heartless are - leaving Traverse Town is their first Gummi Ship journey since then. Ergo, they have no way of knowing that these enemy ships are Heartless (except having just figured it out, but Goofy acts like it's common knowledge to them that these are Heartless). Quotes Kairi: So, suppose you get to another world. What would you do there? Riku: Well, I haven't really thought about it. It's just... I've always wondered why we're here on this island. If there are any other worlds out there, why did we end up on this one? And suppose there are other worlds... then ours is just a little piece of something much greater. So we could have just as easily ended up somewhere else, right? Sora: I don't know. Riku: Exactly. That's why we need to go out there and find out. Just sitting here won't change a thing. It's the same old stuff. So let's go. Crazy credits While the credits are rolling you see scenes of various Disney characters and characters from the game, including the "missing" characters of Riku and King Mickey. After the credits are finished you see Sora, Donald, and Goofy walking along a path wondering if they'll ever see Riku and King Mickey again. Alternate versions In keeping with Squaresoft tradition, the U.S. version contains additional features not found in the original Japanese release. These include three hyper-difficult bosses. An International version has been released in Japan entitled Kingdom Hearts: Final Mix. Connections Edited into Kingdom Hearts II (2005) Soundtracks Simple And Clean -PLANITb remix- Written by Hikaru Utada (as Utada Hikaru) Produced and Remixed by Russell McNamara All Vocals by Hikaru Utada (as Utada Hikaru) (US version only) User reviews91 Review Top review Adventure like no other! It was a quiet September night when my mother and I were watching Cartoon Network and that's when we saw it. It was a promo for probably the most interesting and entertaining video game ever to be developed. I had the money, I had the intuition in video games to never give up but there was one problem. I didn't have a PS2. But then in May of 2003 we traded in my old N64 and we bought a PS2 and what was the first game I would buy? Kingdom Hearts has to be the greatest video game from Disney Interactive and Squaresoft. It has comedy, adventure and an ending that will guarantee us a sequel. Who ever gets this game will have the time of their lives. helpful•20 5 bbSouthstreet Aug 24, 2003 FAQ6 Where is the Keyhole in Monstro? How do I beat *Insert Boss Name*? How do I save after the ending? Details Edit Release date March 28, 2002 (Japan) Countries of origin Japan United States Official sites Official site (Japan) Official Website Languages Japanese English Also known as Corazones del Reino Filming locations Japan Production companies Disney Interactive Japan Disney Interactive Square Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Color Color Sound mix Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.