L.A. Confidential (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119488/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_127
L.A. Confidential (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In L.A. Confidential 19971997 RR 2h 18m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 556K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 187 266 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:16 2 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaMystery As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 556K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 187 266 Director Curtis Hanson Writers James Ellroy(novel "L.A. Confidential") Brian Helgeland(screenplay) Curtis Hanson(screenplay) Stars Kevin Spacey Russell Crowe Guy Pearce Top credits Director Curtis Hanson Writers James Ellroy(novel "L.A. Confidential") Brian Helgeland(screenplay) Curtis Hanson(screenplay) Stars Kevin Spacey Russell Crowe Guy Pearce See production, box office & company info 770User reviews 145Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #127 Won 2 Oscars 91 wins & 85 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:16 L.A. Confidential Trailer 0:31 L.A. Confidential Photos210 Top cast Edit Kevin Spacey Jack Vincennesas Jack Vincennes Russell Crowe Bud Whiteas Bud White Guy Pearce Ed Exleyas Ed Exley Kim Basinger Lynn Brackenas Lynn Bracken James Cromwell Dudley Smithas Dudley Smith Danny DeVito Sid Hudgensas Sid Hudgens David Strathairn Pierce Patchettas Pierce Patchett Ron Rifkin D.A. Ellis Loewas D.A. Ellis Loew Matt McCoy 'Badge of Honor' Star Brett Chaseas 'Badge of Honor' Star Brett Chase Paul Guilfoyle Mickey Cohenas Mickey Cohen Paolo Seganti Johnny Stompanatoas Johnny Stompanato Elisabeth Granli Mickey Cohen's Mambo Partneras Mickey Cohen's Mambo Partner Sandra Taylor Mickey Cohen's Mambo Partneras Mickey Cohen's Mambo Partner Steve Rankin Officer Arresting Mickey Cohenas Officer Arresting Mickey Cohen Graham Beckel Dick Stenslandas Dick Stensland Allan Graf Wife Beateras Wife Beater Precious Chong Wifeas Wife Symba Jack's Dancing Partneras Jack's Dancing Partner (as Symba Smith) Director Curtis Hanson Writers James Ellroy(novel "L.A. Confidential") Brian Helgeland(screenplay) Curtis Hanson(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Heat 8.5 The Usual Suspects 8.2 Casino 8.3 American Beauty 8.2 Unforgiven White Jazz 8.3 Snatch 8.4 Memento 8.2 There Will Be Blood 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.2 Chinatown Storyline Edit 1950's Los Angeles is the seedy backdrop for this intricate noir-ish tale of police corruption and Hollywood sleaze. Three very different cops are all after the truth, each in their own style: Ed Exley, the golden boy of the police force, willing to do almost anything to get ahead, except sell out; Bud White, ready to break the rules to seek justice, but barely able to keep his raging violence under control; and Jack Vincennes, always looking for celebrity and a quick buck until his conscience drives him to join Exley and White down the one-way path to find the truth behind the dark world of L.A. crime. —Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> corruptionmurder1950scall girlneo noir186 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Off the record, on the QT, and very hush-hush... Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence and language, and for sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia At the time the film takes place, no building in Los Angeles was allowed to be taller than City Hall, so the cameras were placed at certain points so that any building taller than City Hall would not be seen. Goofs There is a large vase of Stargazer lilies in Pierce Patchett's living room. The story takes place in 1953. Stargazer lilies were not created until 1974. Quotes Captain Dudley Smith: Have you a valediction, boyo? Jack Vincennes: [gasping out a name] ... Rollo Tamasi. [laughs, painfully, to himself as he dies] Crazy credits At the end of all the credits, there is a brief scene from "Badge of Honor" featuring a onscreen dedication in honor Sgt. who served as an advisor to the film. The scene shows a black-and-white closing moment of "Badge of Honor" with the credits as Badge of Honor actor (Matt McCoy) closes the door on the HOMICIDE office and walks sorrowfully away. Alternate versions In the Hong Kong television version, during the scene where Bud breaks into the interrogation room, the part where he removes all the bullets from the gun but one is removed for some reason. So it cuts straight from his coming into the room and then sticking the gun into the rapist's mouth without giving it a Russian roulette feel. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Game/The End of Violence/L.A. Confidential/The Disappearance of Garcia Lorca (1997) Soundtracks Ac-cent-tchu-ate the Positive (1944) Music by Harold Arlen Lyrics by Johnny Mercer Performed by Johnny Mercer Courtesy of Capitol Records Under license from EMI-Capitol Music Special Markets User reviews770 Review Top review On of the best movies of the past 20 years. L.A. Confidential most likely falls into the category of one of the best movies of the past twenty years. The complex story line seemed to burst at the seams with intelligence. I found the complexity of several different sub-plots working together challenged the intellectual part of my brain while the intense action through out the entire movie satisfied the craving of the not-so-intellectual part of my brain that enjoys seeing a good brawl followed by a good shoot-out. Brian Helgeland and Curtis Hanson did and excellent job of combining many elements of several different kinds of films into one. They seem to have made this movie with several different audiences in mind. I for one, as I have mentioned, enjoyed the intellectual aspect as well as the action, while my wife enjoyed the combination of a love story with drama. It really has something for everyone. Bringing together all of these elements into one film sets it apart from many others. Of course the best aspect of L.A. Confidential is the way that not everything is as it seems, and then, in an instant, all of the plots are sprung like a trap and come together for a grand finale. Overall L.A. Confidential is an exceptional film that contains something for everyone. helpful•186 47 medicineman Nov 26, 2001 FAQ19 Is this movie based on a book? Right before Bloody Christmas, Exley says that the two officers who were beaten by the Mexican men sustained minor injuries. How did the other officers come to the conclusion that their injuries were worse? Did Exley actually testify at the beginning? Details Edit Release date September 19, 1997 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 洛城机密 Filming locations Frolic Room - 6245 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies New Regency Productions The Wolper Organization Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $35,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $64,616,940 Opening weekend US & Canada $5,211,198 Sep 21, 1997 Gross worldwide $126,216,940 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 18 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Jamie Dornan, Kristen Stewart Among Presenters at 11th Hamilton Behind the Camera Awards, Hosted by Yvonne Orji (Exclusive) Nov 4Variety Film + TV USC Scripter Award nominations include Oscar frontrunners ‘Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom,’ ‘Nomadland’ … Jan 28Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to L.A. Confidential (1997) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.