La dolce vita (1960) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053779/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_i_10
La dolce vita (1960) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In La dolce vita 19601960 Not RatedNot Rated 2h 54m IMDb RATING 8.0/10 70K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,655 144 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:35 3 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDrama A series of stories following a week in the life of a philandering tabloid journalist living in Rome.A series of stories following a week in the life of a philandering tabloid journalist living in Rome.A series of stories following a week in the life of a philandering tabloid journalist living in Rome. IMDb RATING 8.0/10 70K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,655 144 Director Federico Fellini Writers Federico Fellini(story) Ennio Flaiano(story) Tullio Pinelli(story) Stars Marcello Mastroianni Anita Ekberg Anouk Aimée Top credits Director Federico Fellini Writers Federico Fellini(story) Ennio Flaiano(story) Tullio Pinelli(story) Stars Marcello Mastroianni Anita Ekberg Anouk Aimée See production, box office & company info 215User reviews 166Critic reviews 95Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 11 wins & 12 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 1:35 Trailer [English SUB] Trailer 0:31 La Dolce Vita: [2-Disc Collectors Edition] Trailer 1:16 La Dolce Vita Trailer Photos108 Top cast Edit Marcello Mastroianni Marcello Rubinias Marcello Rubini Anita Ekberg Sylviaas Sylvia Anouk Aimée Maddalenaas Maddalena Yvonne Furneaux Emmaas Emma Magali Noël Fannyas Fanny (as Magali Noel) Alain Cuny Steineras Steiner Annibale Ninchi Il padre di Marcelloas Il padre di Marcello Walter Santesso Paparazzoas Paparazzo Valeria Ciangottini Paolaas Paola Riccardo Garrone Riccardoas Riccardo Evelyn Stewart Debuttante dell'annoas Debuttante dell'anno (as Ida Galli) Audrey McDonald Janeas Jane Polidor Pagliaccioas Pagliaccio Alain Dijon Frankie Stoutas Frankie Stout Mino Doro Amante di Nadiaas Amante di Nadia Giulio Girola Commissario di poliziaas Commissario di polizia Laura Betti Lauraas Laura Nico Nicoas Nico (as Nico Otzak) … Director Federico Fellini Writers Federico Fellini(story) (screenplay) Ennio Flaiano(story) (screenplay) Tullio Pinelli(story) (screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 8½ 8.0 La strada 7.9 Amarcord 8.1 Le notti di Cabiria 7.9 I vitelloni La Dolce Vita 7.6 Giulietta degli spiriti 7.4 Roma 8.0 La notte 6.9 Fellini - Satyricon 7.9 L'avventura 7.8 À bout de souffle Storyline Edit In 1959/1960 Rome, Marcello Rubini (Marcello Mastroianni) is a writer and journalist, the worst kind of journalist--a tabloid journalist. His job is to try to catch celebrities in compromising or embarrassing situations. He tends to get quite close to his subjects--especially when they're beautiful women. Two such subjects are local heiress Maddalena (Anouk Aimee), and Swedish superstar-actress Sylvia (Anita Ekberg), with both of whom he has affairs despite being engaged to Emma (Yvonne Furneaux), a clingy, insecure, nagging, melodramatic woman. Despite his extravagant, pleasure-filled lifestyle, he is wondering if maybe a simpler life wouldn't be better. —grantss sexy womanjournalistcelebritypartydrunkenness125 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The film that shocked the critics...uncut, uncensored for all to see! Genres Comedy Drama Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The famous scene in the Trevi Fountain was shot over a week in March, when nights were still cold. According to Federico Fellini (in an interview with Costanzo Costantini), Anita Ekberg stood in the cold water in her dress for hours with no trouble. Marcello Mastroianni, on the other hand, had to wear a wetsuit beneath his clothes, and even that wasn't enough. Still freezing, he downed an entire bottle of vodka, so he was completely drunk while shooting the scene. Goofs When Marcello and Maddalena arrive at the prostitute's apartment, a long electric cable (light?) can be seen attached to the right rear of the car, moving along until the car stops. Quotes Steiner: Don't be like me. Salvation doesn't lie within four walls. I'm too serious to be a dilettante and too much a dabbler to be a professional. Even the most miserable life is better than a sheltered existence in an organized society where everything is calculated and perfected. Alternate versions In the original American release, distributed by American International Pictures, the titles open with the AIP logo and appear over a shot of the sky with clouds. In the current release on DVD - and as shown on TCM - the title sequence is over a black background. When originally released, censors in several countries trimmed certain scenes, including the orgy near the end of the film. Connections Featured in Divorzio all'italiana (1961) Soundtracks Patricia Music by Dámaso Pérez Prado and lyrics by Bob Marcus Performed by Dámaso Pérez Prado User reviews215 Review Top review 10/10 Tolerance of Taste To appreciate this film you need to appreciate film. I'm saddened that so many have commented negatively on it and cast dispersions upon those who enjoyed it. It is not Titanic, or Armageddon. It is a long film that attempts to show more than a hackneyed plot about some simple people. It is a beautiful exploration about life that does not preach or try to tell you what to think. I understand why many are frustrated with it. It seems to go nowhere at times, but thats the point. And most importantly the scenery on this trip to nowhere is beautiful. So, if you are the type that does not like to watch films that are art, do not watch this. Watch Coyote Ugly. It will entertain you. Other films to avoid: Last Year at Marienbad, The Seventh Seal, The 400 Blows, etc. Go see something with a gun on the cover instead. For those who like a challenge rather than simple escapism, this is a film that engages you. Different films for different people. People seem very threatened when they don't like a film that is widely regarded as a classic. The reason is simple, it's not your kind of film. But don't assume its a film for no one. Makes sense right? helpful•259 172 mhh3f Feb 15, 2001 FAQ1 What is the English translation of the title "La dolce vita"? Details Edit Release date February 4, 1960 (Italy) Countries of origin Italy France Official site Official site Languages Italian English French German Also known as La Dolce Vita Filming locations Villa Giustiniani-Odescalchi, Bassano Romano, Viterbo, Lazio, Italy Production companies Riama Film Cinecittà Pathé Consortium Cinéma See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross worldwide $198,220 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 54 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news MoMA, Cinecittà Unveil Federico Fellini Retrospective (Exclusive) Nov 11Variety Film + TV Quentin Tarantino Says He Would Love To Shoot A Movie In Italy At Rome’s Cinecitta Studios Oct 20Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was La dolce vita (1960) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.