La haine (1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113247/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_225
La haine (1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In La haine 19951995 Not RatedNot Rated 1h 38m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 162K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,323 321 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:34 2 Videos 82 Photos CrimeDrama 24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot.24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot.24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 162K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,323 321 Director Mathieu Kassovitz Writer Mathieu Kassovitz Stars Vincent Cassel Hubert Koundé Saïd Taghmaoui Top credits Director Mathieu Kassovitz Writer Mathieu Kassovitz Stars Vincent Cassel Hubert Koundé Saïd Taghmaoui See production, box office & company info 242User reviews 141Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #225 Awards 8 wins & 15 nominations Videos2 Trailer 3:34 Bande-annonce [OV] Trailer 1:32 La Haine: The Criterion Collection [Blu-Ray] Photos82 Top cast Edit Vincent Cassel Vinzas Vinz Hubert Koundé Hubertas Hubert Saïd Taghmaoui Saïdas Saïd Abdel Ahmed Ghili Abdelas Abdel Solo Santoas Santo Joseph Momo Homme standardas Homme standard Héloïse Rauth Sarahas Sarah Rywka Wajsbrot Grand-mère Vinzas Grand-mère Vinz Olga Abrego Tante Vinzas Tante Vinz Laurent Labasse Cuistoas Cuisto Choukri Gabteni Frère Saïdas Frère Saïd Nabil Ben Mhamed Garçon blagueas Garçon blague Benoît Magimel Benoîtas Benoît Médard Niang Médardas Médard Arash Mansour Arashas Arash Abdel-Moulah Boujdouni Jeune businessas Jeune business Mathilde Vitry Journalisteas Journaliste Christian Moro Journaliste TV CRSas Journaliste TV CRS Director Mathieu Kassovitz Writer Mathieu Kassovitz All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Trainspotting 8.1 Les quatre cents coups 8.1 Stalker 8.1 Paris, Texas 8.3 Idi i smotri 8.2 Taxi Driver 6.5 Assassin(s) 8.1 Fa yeung nin wah 8.1 Persona 6.9 L'ordre et la morale 8.2 Eskiya 8.6 Cidade de Deus Storyline Edit The film follows three young men and their time spent in the French suburban "ghetto," over a span of twenty-four hours. Vinz, a Jew, Saïd, an Arab, and Hubert, a black boxer, have grown up in these French suburbs where high levels of diversity coupled with the racist and oppressive police force have raised tensions to a critical breaking point. During the riots that took place a night before, a police officer lost his handgun in the ensuing madness, only to leave it for Vinz to find. Now, with a newfound means to gain the respect he deserves, Vinz vows to kill a cop if his friend Abdel dies in the hospital, due the beating he received while in police custody. —b4arr2y gunghettoriotriot police24 hour time span152 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines So far, so good Genres Crime Drama Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Mathieu Kassovitz: Director briefly appears as the skinhead that Vinz intends to shoot. Goofs The trip across Paris is strange: the three characters should arrive at the Saint-Lazare station (north-west of Paris), coming from Chanteloup Les Vignes. Yet, when they arrive, they are in front of the Montparnasse station (south of Paris), on the Rennes street. Then, they go to Asterix place, on the boulevard Pierre Ier of Serbia, close to Iena Place (west of Paris), and when they try to catch the last train, this time they are at the Saint-Lazare station, the right one to go back. But then, when they are on the roof, they see the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero from the south-east, being probably close to Montparnasse station. Then, they come across a sculpture, L'Ecoute, in the Halles Garden (center of Paris), before going back. Hence, their trip goes: south, west, north-west, south and center of Paris. Quotes Hubert: Heard about the guy who fell off a skyscraper? On his way down past each floor, he kept saying to reassure himself: So far so good... so far so good... so far so good. How you fall doesn't matter. It's how you land! Crazy credits All the cast and crew credits are at the start of the film. The end credits only contain special thanks and the song credits. Alternate versions In some English language subtitled (mainly American) versions the reference to the character of Said's friend who lives in the "posh towers" is 'Snoopy'. However, the untranslated dialogue says 'Asterix' and the woman who Vinz speaks to on the intercom laughs and says 'No, but his friend Obelix is here', whereas the translated version says 'No, but his friend Charlie Brown is.'. The reason Asterix and Obelix were changed to Snoopy and Charlie Brown in the subtitled version was because a lot of people are more familiar with those characters and possibly wouldn't understand the joke relating to Asterix and Obelix, which are two best friends in various French cartoon books by Goscinny & Uderzo. Connections Featured in Three Kings (1999) Soundtracks Burnin' and Lootin' Written by Bob Marley Performed by Bob Marley © 1973 by Caiman Music Inc. avec l'aimable autorisation des EMI Music Publishing France SA et de Polygram Projets Speciaux User reviews242 Review Top review 8/10 the most important thing isn't the fall but the landing "La Haine", probably one of the most momentous French movies of the nineties caused a stir when it opened in 1995 so much so that it became a big social phenomenon. It heralded a genre: the "film De Banlieue" whose backdrop is high-risk French suburbs and in its wake, other movies emerged like "Bye-Bye" (1995) or "ma 6-T Va Crack-Er" (1997). "La Haine" remains Mathieu Kassovitz's best moment. Afterwards, he didn't cease to disappoint me. "Assassin(s)" (1997) left me uncomfortable and queasy and "les Rivières Pourpres" (2000) was an absolute turkey. I haven't seen "Gothika" (2003) but he shot it with the Hollywood presence on his back and I fear the worst. To better be immersed in his plan, Kassovitz shot his film in one of these high-risk French suburbs (I can't remember its name but you can check it in the "filming locations" rubric when you arrive on the page of the film on this site). This gives his movie an ultra-realist sensation which rings true. In the space of a day, his camera follows a threesome of ruffians. There's Vinz (Vincent Cassel) who acts the tough guy. He is proud of having stolen the gun of a cop and hopes to make good use of it. When he is asked to make an effort of reflection, he loses his temper. Hubert (Hubert Koundé) a pacifist who craves to get out of this daily hell but where to go? He also knows that hate breeds hate. It's both the catalyst of the riots and adds fuel to the fire in the incessant conflicts. And also Saïd (Saïd Thagmaouï), a brazen teenager. The three of them wander in their neighborhood and in Paris between visiting of friends, relationships with the riffraff, the police, arguments, reconciliations and foolish things. An ordinary day during which the trio appears as prisoners of their suburbs and have a life with no horizon. A day which will lead to the inevitable, marked out by the time which often appears on a black screen. Kassovitz did his best to create a stylish film and it paid off well. It was a good idea to have shot his film in a black and white cinematography because it bestows it with a very gritty aura; sometimes there's a documentary whiff which pervades the film. His camera work which commands admiration makes juxtapose travelings, static shots and circular movements according to the vibe a sequence could convey. It also helps to enhance the scenery which is perhaps the fourth main actor of the film after the trio. Overrall, his film is a hard-hitting assessment of a faltering universe (the high-risk suburbs) in which latent tensions and hate reign and it can awake at any time in violence. This hate in question which the inhabitants of these suburbs feel towards the cops is also smoldered in the cops and I wonder if Kassovitz indicts their sometimes intolerable demeanor, especially when some ruffians are kept in police custody. In the beginning of the film, the audience learns that a suspect, Abdel is in a coma at hospital because he was badly injured by the cops during questioning. When they learned this, the toughest guys of these suburbs sparked off a riot. In a way, the attitude of the police helps to fuel the hate and to separate farther the gap and the incomprehension between the inhabitants of these suburbs and the police. That said, Kassovitz doesn't generalize. Not all the cops are monstrous. Check the two sequences when in the first one, a policeman tries to make the riffraff understand in a sensible manner that they can't stay on the roof of a building and the second sequence when Vinz, Hubert and Saïd are in Paris and they ask their way to a policeman who guides them in a polite way. The actors were discerningly chosen and perfectly directed. It seems that Kassovitz fostered improvisation. It was the right method to confer his film with an authentic feeling. They deliver dialogs full of slang, coarse lines and sometimes they're inaudible so you'll have to be very attentive to catch what they say. However, this drawback isn't really irritating and was surely wanted by the director to reinforce the unique spontaneity of the film. With his build and his face of ruffian, Vincent Cassel was ideally cast as the stubborn Vinz while his two main partners are amazingly true to life. And there are some famous French actors who have cameos and who weren't afraid of having demeaning parts like Vincent Lindon, a drunkard or Zinedine Soualem, a sadistic cop. Kassovitz remains as objective as possible and doesn't offer solutions to solve these problems. More than ten years after it reached the streets, his films is still a topical one and the riots and violent incidents which broke out in high-risk suburbs in many French cities the last fall alas show that these tensions aren't alas ready to subside. helpful•44 39 dbdumonteil May 2, 2006 Details Edit Release date May 31, 1995 (France) Country of origin France Official sites Le Pacte (France) Les Productions Lazennec (France) Language French Also known as 怒火青春 Filming locations Chanteloup-les-Vignes, Yvelines, France Production companies Les Productions Lazennec Le Studio Canal+ La Sept Cinéma See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €2,590,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $280,859 Gross worldwide $418,691 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Daisy Ridley To Star In Futuristic Thriller ‘Mind Fall’ With Mathieu Kassovitz Directing Graham Moore Script — Hot AFM Package Oct 29Deadline Film + TV Gagarine review – close encounters of the banlieue kind Sep 23The Guardian - Film News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for La haine (1995)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.