La vie d'Adèle (2013) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2278871/
La vie d'Adèle (2013) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In La vie d'Adèle 20132013 NC-17NC-17 3h IMDb RATING 7.7/10 146K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 330 216 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:46 5 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance Adèle's life is changed when she meets Emma, a young woman with blue hair, who will allow her to discover desire and to assert herself as a woman and as an adult. In front of others, Adèle g... Read allAdèle's life is changed when she meets Emma, a young woman with blue hair, who will allow her to discover desire and to assert herself as a woman and as an adult. In front of others, Adèle grows, seeks herself, loses herself, and ultimately finds herself through love and loss.Adèle's life is changed when she meets Emma, a young woman with blue hair, who will allow her to discover desire and to assert herself as a woman and as an adult. In front of others, Adèle grows, seeks herself, loses herself, and ultimately finds herself through love and loss. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 146K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 330 216 Director Abdellatif Kechiche Writers Abdellatif Kechiche(scenario, adaptation and dialogue) Ghalya Lacroix(scenario, adaptation and dialogue) Julie Maroh(adapted from: the comic book "Le Bleu est une couleur chaude" by) Stars Léa Seydoux Adèle Exarchopoulos Salim Kechiouche Top credits Director Abdellatif Kechiche Writers Abdellatif Kechiche(scenario, adaptation and dialogue) Ghalya Lacroix(scenario, adaptation and dialogue) Julie Maroh(adapted from: the comic book "Le Bleu est une couleur chaude" by) Stars Léa Seydoux Adèle Exarchopoulos Salim Kechiouche See production, box office & company info 366User reviews 448Critic reviews 89Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 86 wins & 104 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 0:46 Bande annonce [OV] Trailer 1:44 Theatrical Trailer Trailer 1:45 Theatrical Trailer Clip 1:09 Blue is the Warmest Color Clip 1:06 Blue is the Warmest Color Photos185 Top cast Edit Léa Seydoux Emmaas Emma Adèle Exarchopoulos Adèleas Adèle Salim Kechiouche Samiras Samir Aurélien Recoing Père Adèleas Père Adèle Catherine Salée Mère Adèleas Mère Adèle Benjamin Siksou Antoineas Antoine Mona Walravens Liseas Lise Alma Jodorowsky Béatriceas Béatrice Jérémie Laheurte Thomasas Thomas Anne Loiret Mère Emmaas Mère Emma Benoît Pilot Beau Père Emmaas Beau Père Emma Sandor Funtek Valentinas Valentin Fanny Maurin Amélieas Amélie Maelys Cabezon Laetitiaas Laetitia Samir Bella Samiras Samir Tom Hurier Pierreas Pierre Manon Piette Manonas Manon Quentin Médrinal Elias Eli Director Abdellatif Kechiche Writers Abdellatif Kechiche(scenario, adaptation and dialogue) Ghalya Lacroix(scenario, adaptation and dialogue) Julie Maroh(adapted from: the comic book "Le Bleu est une couleur chaude" by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.3 Carol 5.5 Below Her Mouth 8.1 Portrait de la jeune fille en feu 7.2 The Dreamers 6.1 Habitación en Roma 6.1 Love 5.3 Tromperie La vie d'Adèle: Deleted Scenes 7.9 Call Me by Your Name 6.5 Mektoub, My Love: Canto Uno 6.6 Disobedience 3.9 Mektoub, My Love: Intermezzo Storyline Edit Adèle is a high school student who is beginning to explore herself as a woman. She dates men but finds no satisfaction with them sexually, and is rejected by a female friend who she does desire. She dreams of something more. She meets Emma who is a free spirited girl whom Adèle's friends reject due to her sexuality, and by association most begin to reject Adèle. Her relationship with Emma grows into more than just friends as she is the only person with whom she can express herself openly. Together, Adèle and Emma explore social acceptance, sexuality, and the emotional spectrum of their maturing relationship. —ahmetkozan lesbian couplelesbian sexteenage lovecoming of agefemale masturbation273 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Blazingly emotional and explosively sexy. Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated NC-17 for explicit sexual content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The actresses only read the script once. Abdellatif Kechiche insisted that they forget what the script said line for line, and instead asked them to improvise their scenes and really let their actions and words come out naturally and as unforced as possible. Goofs When Adèle dresses up for Emma's vernissage, we see her painting her toe and finger nails red. In the next scene we see her walking to the vernissage, and when she adjusts her hair, her finger nails are not polished. Quotes Emma: But I have infinite tenderness for you. I always will. My whole life. Crazy credits There are no opening credits. Alternate versions Japanese Blu-ray release has mosaic over some of the nudity. Connections Edited into La vie d'Adèle: Deleted Scenes (2013) Soundtracks A Que Bueno Written by Klaim Performed by Klaim © 2012 All Rights Reserved User reviews366 Review Top review 9/10 An extraordinary Love story, applicable to all of us !! I waited some days to review this title after seeing this film. This movie triggered me thinking about love and life and I waited to give it my neutral review. I am watching movies since the latest 30 years and I have to say ; This movie is special !! After 30 years of seeing all kind of movies I have narrowed my scope of movies to see. They have to be special, show me something different, give me ideas to think about or to evaluate in my own life. So, movies like World war Z is not directly my style. This movie although is one of the best love stories I have seen. No unnecessary emotional or cuteness parts, each part of the story is real and genius. It is the soft moments of a love story, the hard moments bringing to the screen. The movie is made in away you are in the skin of Adele and Emma ( can't remember the actress names ). They take you with them in their love story, their feelings. That is also the reason that the 3 hours of the movie is not too long at all. I was surprised it took 3 hours when the film ended. The movie handles the passion between them, a passion that many of us forget over the years in a relation. That passion is also expressed in about 3 sex scenes, 3 scenes which are quiet honest and direct. Some people will find these scenes too long ( one of them could take 10 minutes ), but I find it necessary to establish your follow up of the passion they have between each other, so that when things goes worse you also are one with the situation. This movie, natural, honest about love, life and sexuality could be attended by children of 12 and more, if they are explained things of life ( they also can see all kind of war movies  ). Many will say "Oh, lesbian movie, what the hell you are". This is a movie for all of us, independent of your orientation being gay, hetero, bisexual,  It is a Love story. Each feeling, being angry / disappointment / sad / etc , can be seen on the faces of Adele and Emma and by this I have to say that these actresses are just superb, in fact I don't know another word to say extraordinary acting. It has certainly been very difficult for them to make this film. The director : Bravo to him. There are some scenes which are just fantastic : The first meeting between them, the encounter between them in the lesbian bar in which Adele is in a strange world as adolescent. The tree scene, where they actually get in love both of them. The level of a good love story with all it's feelings and situations has been raised to a higher one. Who can ever do this better. And the last remark. The film treats the love story, it's personal problems, the passion, but does not handle the problems which can have their family or friends, not in detail. And now, go and watch it ! helpful•133 58 kriddirk Nov 8, 2013 FAQ1 What is the artistic intent or symbolism of the scene where Adele goes for a swim at the beach, floats on her back for some time and then the film cuts to a totally different time and place? I think I missed something. Details Edit Release date October 9, 2013 (Belgium) Countries of origin France Belgium Spain Official sites Official Facebook (Brazil) Official Facebook (Germany) Languages French English Also known as Blue Is the Warmest Colour Filming locations La Piscine Museum, Roubaix, France Production companies Quat'sous Films Wild Bunch France 2 Cinéma See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget €4,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $2,199,787 Opening weekend US & Canada $100,316 Oct 27, 2013 Gross worldwide $19,465,835 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news France’s Oscar Submission: Three Women Filmmakers Among Possible Selections That Could End 30-Year Drought Oct 7Variety Film + TV Eiff 2021: ‘Mandibles’ Review Aug 25Nerdly Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of La vie d'Adèle (2013) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.