Last Night in Soho (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9639470/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_i_3
Last Night in Soho (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Last Night in Soho 20212021 RR 1h 56m IMDb RATING 7.5/10 24K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 11 6 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 9 Videos 92 Photos DramaHorrorMystery An aspiring fashion designer is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters a dazzling wannabe singer. But the glamour is not all it appears to be and the dreams of the past st... Read allAn aspiring fashion designer is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters a dazzling wannabe singer. But the glamour is not all it appears to be and the dreams of the past start to crack and splinter into something darker.An aspiring fashion designer is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters a dazzling wannabe singer. But the glamour is not all it appears to be and the dreams of the past start to crack and splinter into something darker. IMDb RATING 7.5/10 24K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 11 6 Director Edgar Wright Writers Edgar Wright(story by) Krysty Wilson-Cairns(screenplay by) Stars Thomasin McKenzie Anya Taylor-Joy Matt Smith Top credits Director Edgar Wright Writers Edgar Wright(story by) Krysty Wilson-Cairns(screenplay by) Stars Thomasin McKenzie Anya Taylor-Joy Matt Smith See production, box office & company info 295User reviews 318Critic reviews 65Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 4 nominations Videos9 Trailer 2:33 Official Trailer Trailer 2:12 Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:34 Last Night in Soho Trailer 2:15 Last Night in Soho Clip 3:48 'Last Night in Soho' Star, Director, and Writer Ask Each Other Anything Clip 1:45 All About Thomasin McKenzie Clip 2:17 A Guide to the Films of Edgar Wright Clip 2:57 The Most Anticipated Horror Movies of 2020 Featurette 2:04 Last Night in Soho Photos92 Top cast Edit Thomasin McKenzie Eloiseas Eloise Anya Taylor-Joy Sandieas Sandie Matt Smith Jackas Jack Diana Rigg Ms Collinsas Ms Collins Aimee Cassettari Eloise's Motheras Eloise's Mother (as Amieé Cassettari) Rita Tushingham Peggyas Peggy Colin Mace Taxi Driver #1as Taxi Driver #1 Michael Ajao Johnas John Synnove Karlsen Jocastaas Jocasta (as Synnøve Karlsen) Jessie Mei Li Laraas Lara Kassius Nelson Camias Cami Rebecca Harrod Ashleyas Ashley Alan Mahon Toucan Bartenderas Toucan Bartender Connor Calland Drunk Studentas Drunk Student Pauline McLynn Carolas Carol Josh Zaré Student at Partyas Student at Party Terence Stamp Silver Haired Gentlemanas Silver Haired Gentleman Jacqui-Lee Pryce College Administratoras College Administrator Director Edgar Wright Writers Edgar Wright(story by) (screenplay by) Krysty Wilson-Cairns(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Get to Know The 'Last Night in Soho' Creators and Cast Get to Know The 'Last Night in Soho' Creators and Cast Star Thomasin McKenzie, director/co-screenwriter Edgar Wright, and co-screenwriter Krysty Wilson-Cairns reveal what they stole from the Last Night in Soho set and how to tell if Wright likes a take.Watch the interview 3:48 More like this 7.5 The French Dispatch 6.3 Antlers 7.7 The Last Duel 7.3 Spencer 6.9 Eternals 8.0 The Black Phone 8.2 Dune: Part One 6.8 Titane 7.8 Belfast 7.0 The World's End 7.5 Scott Pilgrim vs. the World 6.8 King Richard Storyline Edit In acclaimed director Edgar Wright's psychological thriller, Eloise, an aspiring fashion designer, is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters a dazzling wannabe singer, Sandie. But the glamour is not all it appears to be and the dreams of the past start to crack and splinter into something far darker. 1960skiller girlfemale serial killersoho londonfemale singer169 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A Murder in the past. A Mystery in the future. Genres Drama Horror Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for bloody violence, sexual content, language, brief drug material and brief graphic nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During the credit sequence at the end of the film, shots of a deserted, empty, central London flash on screen. All of these shots were completed during the Covid-19 Global Pandemic. The desertedness of the streets is real as England at the time was in a national Lockdown. Quotes Sandie: [from trailer; singing] When you're alone and life is making you lonely. / You can always go... Downtown. / When you've got worries, all the noise and the hurry. / Seems to help, I know... Downtown. / Just listen to the music of the traffic in the city. / Linger on the sidewalk where the neon signs are pretty. / How can you lose? / The lights are much brighter there. / You can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares. / So go Downtown. / Things will be great when you're... Downtown. / No finer place for sure, Downtown. / Everything's waiting for you. Crazy credits Before the film begins, it opens with a simple dedication: "For Diana". Connections Edited into Amanda the Jedi Show: Faster than your First Time Reviews 2 - Best and Worst of TIFF 2021 (2021) Soundtracks A World Without Love Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney Performed by Peter and Gordon User reviews295 Review Top review 8/10 where the neon signs are pretty Greetings again from the darkness. Every once in a while a movie captures that magic feeling of being swept away, and this wild film from writer-director Edgar Wright and co-writer Kristy Wilson-Cairns (1917) did just that for me. This is my kind of psychological-horror-thriller and with the exception of one sequence that went a bit too "slasher" for my tastes, I had a blast watching it. I'll admit that, while also acknowledging more people will probably not enjoy this, than will. But for those who do, I feel confident they will share my enthusiasm. Eloise (Thomasin McKenzie, JOJO RABBIT, 2019) opens the film by expressively dancing to Peter & Gordon's "A World Without Love" while sporting a self-designed dress made of perfectly creased newspaper. Her room is filled with 1960's colors and memorabilia and we soon learn she's an orphan raised by her grandmother (Rita Tushingham, A TASTE OF HONEY, 1961). Eloise, or Ellie as she's called, dreams of following her mother's path to London, and is thrilled beyond measure when her acceptance letter arrives from the London School of Fashion. Ellie does carry the burden (and visions) of her mother's mental illness, and her grandmother warns, "London can be a lot." Small town (Cornwall) Ellie with her timidity and wide-eyed innocence arrives in London and is immediately the target of 'mean girl' and fellow student Jocasta (Synnove Karlsen). Rather than subject herself to the abuse, Ellie sublets an attic room from an old lady landlord named Mrs. Collins (the last screen appearance for the great Diana Rigg). Ellie loves the room and her independence, but her dreams act as a portal back to those swinging 60's of which she's so fond. But that's only the beginning. It's here where she follows/becomes Sandie (Anya Taylor-Joy), and the mirror effects are truly other-worldly. Sandie is everything that Ellie wishes she was herself - confident, radiant, ambitious, and beautiful. This dream state allows Ellie to live vicariously through Sandie. At least initially. The Ellie-Sandie sequences mess with your head in a wonderful way. Sandie seems to float across the club's dance floor, and Ellie is mesmerized at first, before turning protective. The tone shifts when Sandie meets sleazy Jack (Matt Smith), a would-be agent who promises to get Sandie the shot at stardom she desires. This leads to ATJ's amazing and breathy version of Petula Clark's "Downtown". It's a standalone highlight of the film, and a moment that shifts the story yet again. If you are struggling to keep pace, you're not alone. Soho's glamour is matched only by its grunge. The recurring dreams turn to nightmares, so that even Ellie's waking hours are surreal. A mysterious elderly gent played by Terence Stamp may be the key to the mystery Ellie's so busy trying to solve that she is oblivious to the romantic overtures by nice guy John (Michael Ajao). The nostalgia of the 60's provides a visual treat with the Café de Paris, a massive theater marquee advertising James Bond's THUNDERBALL, and Cilla Black's "You're My World". Filmmaker Wright gives us so much to discuss, but it's crucial that the best parts not be spoiled. Just know that Oscar winner Steven Price (GRAVITY, 2013) provides an incredible mix of music, while Chung-Hoon Chung's cinematography, Marcus Rowland's Production Design, and Odile Dicks-Mireaux's costumes all nearly steal the show. But of course, that can't possibly happen thanks to the stupendous performances from Anya Taylor-Joy and (especially) Thomasin McKenzie. These are two of the finest young actors working today, and we will be fortunate to watch their careers develop. Edgar Wright is having quite a year. He's already delivered the terrific documentary, THE SPARKS BROTHERS, and now comes what is his best work yet. You may know his work on BABY DRIVER (2017) or the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy that kicked off with SHAUN OF THE DEAD (2004). Here, he playfully bounces between genres serving up time travel, a murder mystery, the Soho history, a memorable soundtrack, surreal dream and ghost sequences, a touch of romance, and that previously mentioned 'slasher' scene. A final tip of the cap to Diana Rigg, whose career spanned her role as Emma Peel in "The Avengers" (from the 60's), her time as a Bond girl in ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE (1969), and ultimately as Olenna Tyrell in "Game of Thrones". Opens in theaters on October 29, 2021. helpful•58 13 ferguson-6 Oct 29, 2021 Details Edit Release date October 29, 2021 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official sites Official site Official site (Japan) Language English Also known as Đêm Trước Ở Soho Filming locations Soho, Westminster, Greater London, England, UK Production companies Complete Fiction Film4 Focus Features International (FFI) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $43,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $9,452,845 Opening weekend US & Canada $4,178,460 Oct 31, 2021 Gross worldwide $16,866,845 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 56 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford Nov 15CinemaNerdz Edgar Wright's 10 Favorite Movies Nov 15ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.