Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0211915/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_119
Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain 20012001 RR 2h 2m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 729K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,116 11 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:41 4 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyRomance Amélie is an innocent and naive girl in Paris with her own sense of justice. She decides to help those around her and, along the way, discovers love.Amélie is an innocent and naive girl in Paris with her own sense of justice. She decides to help those around her and, along the way, discovers love.Amélie is an innocent and naive girl in Paris with her own sense of justice. She decides to help those around her and, along the way, discovers love. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 729K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,116 11 Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet Writers Guillaume Laurant(scenario) Jean-Pierre Jeunet(scenario) Stars Audrey Tautou Mathieu Kassovitz Rufus Top credits Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet Writers Guillaume Laurant(scenario) Jean-Pierre Jeunet(scenario) Stars Audrey Tautou Mathieu Kassovitz Rufus See production, box office & company info 1.5KUser reviews 146Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #119 Nominated for 5 Oscars 59 wins & 74 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 3:41 Bande-annonce [OV] Trailer 1:10 Amelie Trailer 1:04 Amelie Clip 5:19 Gugu Mbatha-Raw Shares the Whimsical and Uplifting Films That Give Her Hope Photos152 Top cast Edit Audrey Tautou Amélie Poulainas Amélie Poulain Mathieu Kassovitz Nino Quincampoixas Nino Quincampoix Rufus Raphaël Poulainas Raphaël Poulain Lorella Cravotta Amandine Poulainas Amandine Poulain Serge Merlin Raymond Dufayelas Raymond Dufayel Jamel Debbouze Lucienas Lucien Clotilde Mollet Ginaas Gina Claire Maurier Madame Suzanne - la patronne du caféas Madame Suzanne - la patronne du café Isabelle Nanty Georgetteas Georgette Dominique Pinon Josephas Joseph Artus de Penguern Hipolitoas Hipolito Yolande Moreau Madeleine Wallaceas Madeleine Wallace Urbain Cancelier Collignonas Collignon Maurice Bénichou Dominique Bretodeauas Dominique Bretodeau Michel Robin Mr. Collignonas Mr. Collignon Andrée Damant Mrs. Collignonas Mrs. Collignon Claude Perron Evaas Eva Armelle Philomèneas Philomène Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet Writers Guillaume Laurant(scenario) (dialogue) Jean-Pierre Jeunet(scenario) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.3 American Beauty 8.6 La vita è bella 8.2 El laberinto del fauno 8.5 Intouchables 8.3 Requiem for a Dream 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.1 The Truman Show 8.1 Dead Poets Society 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 7.6 Un long dimanche de fiançailles 8.5 Léon Storyline Edit Amélie is a story about a girl named Amélie whose childhood was suppressed by her Father's mistaken concerns of a heart defect. With these concerns Amélie gets hardly any real-life contact with other people. This leads Amélie to resort to her own fantastical world and dreams of love and beauty. She later on becomes a young woman and moves to the central part of Paris as a waitress. After finding a lost treasure belonging to the former occupant of her apartment, she decides to return it to him. After seeing his reaction and his new found perspective - she decides to devote her life to the people around her. Such as, her father who is obsessed with his garden-gnome, a failed writer, a hypochondriac, a man who stalks his ex girlfriends, the "ghost," a suppressed young soul, the love of her life and a man whose bones are as brittle as glass. But after consuming herself with these escapades - she finds out that she is disregarding her own life and damaging her quest for love. Amélie then discovers she must become more aggressive and take a hold of her life and capture the beauty of love she has always dreamed of. —spragg_s female protagonistvoice over narrationparis francefrancemontmartre paris188 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines One person can change your life forever. Genres Comedy Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for sexual content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Whenever this film was shot on location, Jean-Pierre Jeunet and the crew would clean the area of debris, grime, trash and graffiti, so that the real settings would match the fantastic nature of the film. This was an especially difficult task when it came time to shoot at the huge train station. Goofs When Nino visits Amélie in the cafe, "Menu du Jour" disappears and reappears on the glass between shots. Quotes Hipolito, The Writer: Without you, today's emotions would be the scurf of yesterday's. Crazy credits In the opening titles, Amélie as a child is shown doing various things. These activities illustrate the titles being shown at the same time. Connections Featured in The 59th Annual Golden Globe Awards 2002 (2002) Soundtracks Les Jours Tristes (instrumental) Written by Neil Hannon Arranged and Performed by Yann Tiersen User reviews1.5K Review Top review 9/10 Finds its charm in the little things 'Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain' finds its charm in the little things. The story about Amélie (Audrey Tautou) is a modern day fairy tale and that is exactly how it looks the entire film. We have a wonderful story about Amélie who decides to help people around her, making them happy. Not by doing great big things or giving money, but by little things. She helps her father by making him believe that his gnome from the garden is on a trip around the world, she helps a lonely neighbor by just visiting him, she helps a stranger by returning something she found in her home. On the way she falls in love with Nino (Mathieu Kassovitz) who's hobby it is to collect photos from automatic photo booths. Photos that were tossed away because people thought they didn't look good enough. He puts all those photos and pieces of photos in a big book. There is a little mystery in the book as well, of course I will not spoil that for you. The story is not only sweet and charming, it has some great moments of comedy as well. The movie looks colorful and bright almost constantly. Even the sad parts from Amélie's life, her youth for example, look almost strangely happy. In this world, Paris actually, Audrey Tautou is the perfect inhabitant. She has one of those faces that seem to smile the entire time. She looks like she just pulled a joke and she is waiting for you to find out what it is. In a way her character is really doing that here so it does not feel strange. In short 'Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain' is charming, funny, romantic bright and full of life. This is the perfect lighthearted movie. helpful•210 51 rbverhoef Aug 14, 2004 FAQ11 What is 'Amélie' about? Is this movie based on a novel? In what language is 'Amélie'? Details Edit Release date April 25, 2001 (France) Countries of origin France Germany Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages French Russian English Also known as 天使爱美丽 Filming locations Rue des Trois-Frères, Paris 18, Paris, France Production companies Claudie Ossard Productions Union Générale Cinématographique (UGC) Victoires Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $10,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $33,225,499 Opening weekend US & Canada $136,470 Nov 4, 2001 Gross worldwide $174,028,204 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Daisy Ridley To Star In Futuristic Thriller ‘Mind Fall’ With Mathieu Kassovitz Directing Graham Moore Script — Hot AFM Package Oct 29Deadline Film + TV What ‘Hamilton’ star and Emmy nominee Phillipa Soo thinks of Eliza 5 years later [Exclusive Video Interview] Aug 18Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain (2001) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.