Leave No Trace (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3892172?ref_=rlm
Leave No Trace (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Leave No Trace 20182018 PGPG 1h 49m IMDb RATING 7.2/10 56K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,263 376 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:35 8 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureDrama A father and his thirteen-year-old daughter are living an ideal existence in a vast urban park in Portland, Oregon when a small mistake derails their lives forever.A father and his thirteen-year-old daughter are living an ideal existence in a vast urban park in Portland, Oregon when a small mistake derails their lives forever.A father and his thirteen-year-old daughter are living an ideal existence in a vast urban park in Portland, Oregon when a small mistake derails their lives forever. IMDb RATING 7.2/10 56K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,263 376 Director Debra Granik Writers Debra Granik(screenplay by) Anne Rosellini(screenplay by) Peter Rock(based on the novel "My Abandonment" by) Stars Thomasin McKenzie Ben Foster Jeffery Rifflard Top credits Director Debra Granik Writers Debra Granik(screenplay by) Anne Rosellini(screenplay by) Peter Rock(based on the novel "My Abandonment" by) Stars Thomasin McKenzie Ben Foster Jeffery Rifflard See production, box office & company info 362User reviews 200Critic reviews 88Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 18 wins & 94 nominations Videos8 Trailer 2:35 Official Trailer Clip 0:57 "We Didn't Need to Be Rescued" Clip 1:05 "Think Our Own Thoughts" Clip 1:23 "Adapt" Clip 1:22 Dream Boards - Clip #2 Clip 1:06 Warmth of the Hive - Clip #1 Featurette 3:05 Official Featurette Interview 2:24 'Leave No Trace' Cast & Director Talk Film's Intensity and Working With Bees Photos298 Top cast Edit Thomasin McKenzie Tomas Tom Ben Foster Willas Will Jeffery Rifflard Vet at VAas Vet at VA Derek John Drescher Larryas Larry Michael Draper Runneras Runner Peter Simpson Police Officeras Police Officer Erik McGlothlin K-9 Officeras K-9 Officer Dana Millican Jeanas Jean Alyssa McKay Valerieas Valerie (as Alyssa Lynn) Ryan Joiner Tiffanyas Tiffany (as Ryan E. Joiner) Michael J. Prosser Jamesas James (as Mike Prosser) Jeff Kober Mr. Waltersas Mr. Walters Spencer S. Hanley Pastoras Pastor Tamera Westlake Devotional Danceras Devotional Dancer Bob Werfelman Bobas Bob Isaiah Stone Isaiahas Isaiah Jacob Johnson 4H Coachas 4H Coach Art Hickman Truck Driveras Truck Driver Director Debra Granik Writers Debra Granik(screenplay by) Anne Rosellini(screenplay by) Peter Rock(based on the novel "My Abandonment" by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.2 Winter's Bone 6.6 End of Term 6.4 Stray Dog 7.1 If Beale Street Could Talk 5.7 Faro 6.7 Down to the Bone 7.0 Tully 7.4 Eighth Grade 6.8 The Justice of Bunny King 6.8 Wildlife 7.6 Searching 6.6 Disobedience Storyline Edit Will (Ben Foster) and his teenage daughter, Tom (Thomasin Harcourt McKenzie), have lived off the grid for years in the forests of Portland, Oregon. When their idyllic life is shattered, both are put into social services. After clashing with their new surroundings, Will and Tom set off on a harrowing journey back to their wild homeland. The film is directed by Debra Granik from a script adapted by Granik and Anne Rosellini. —Bleecker Street father daughter relationshipveteranforestsleeping outdoorsliving off the grid322 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Adventure Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic material throughout Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The newspaper clipping that Tom finds in her father's "important papers" bag was not created as a prop for this movie; it was a real news article titled "A Unit Stalked by Suicide, Trying to Save Itself" by Dave Phillips, which was one of the above-the-fold front-page articles in the New York Times on Sunday, September 20, 2015. The article was about a single Marine unit (the Second Battalion, Seventh Marine Regiment, aka the 2/7) that after returning from deployment in Afghanistan experienced a very high rate of suicide among its veterans. It is never explained in the movie whether the glimpse of this article is meant to imply that Will actually was a member of the 2/7, or if he just kept the article because it related to his PTSD and related medical situation. Goofs In the scene when Tom leaves the cabin to search for her father, a crew member can be seen moving behind the tree to her left just before the scene ends. Quotes Tom: The same thing that's wrong with you isn't wrong with me. Connections Featured in WatchMojo: Top 10 Movies You Missed This Summer (2018) Soundtracks Killing Time Written by Eric Wikman (as Eric Corser Wikman) & Joseph Michael McGregor Courtesy of FirstCom User reviews362 Review Top review 7/10 A Deep and Moving Father-Daughter Story Don't walk in to see this movie expecting any action and excitement. That's not what this is. 'Leave No Trace' is about the relationship between a girl and her father. It's a patient movie and a thorough one. It takes its time unveiling the details of their relationship and their lives. Dad (Ben Foster, gripping) suffers from PTSD from his time in the military. He cannot function in society, so he chooses to live in the forest. His 13-year-old daughter, Tom (Thomasin McKenzie, a revelation), lives with him. Though life in the forest provides its challenges-Tom is growing and is often hungry-the two live happily. As Tom says, they "didn't need to be rescued," but living on public land is illegal. They're brought in and assigned to indoor housing so they can re-acclimate themselves with society. While Tom thrives, her dad struggles. He cannot handle this lifestyle anymore. The strength of their bond is tested, and it keeps them together as they navigate unfamiliar and uncomfortable terrain. Both actors are terrific-serious and subtle. The whole movie is subtle. There isn't much dialogue, but the subtext says a lot. Director Debra Granik operates with a light touch that lets events unfold without forcing anything upon her audience. Her film style simply presents moments and allows viewers to actively participate in them. Nothing is shoved in your face. It's up to you to engage, so you can take away from this movie as much or as little as you choose. This is unequivocally a theater movie. It's not meant to be half-watched on an airplane. To experience it in full-and you should do this-go to a theater and really pay attention and think along with the movie. It's a rewarding experience that gives a lot back, as long as you give a little first. helpful•126 27 Jared_Andrews Jul 25, 2018 Details Edit Release date June 29, 2018 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United States Canada Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 不留痕迹 Filming locations Squaw Mountain Ranch - 48176 SE Tumala Mountain Rd, Estacada, Oregon, USA Production companies BRON Studios Topic Studios Harrison Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $6,046,104 Opening weekend US & Canada $219,140 Jul 1, 2018 Gross worldwide $7,682,928 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 49 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Last Night in Soho review – a deliciously twisted journey back to London’s swinging past Oct 31The Guardian - Film News HBO Films buys ‘The Survivor’ in first key TIFF deal two weeks after festival ended Oct 5ScreenDaily Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Leave No Trace (2018)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.