Let's Be Cops (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1924435?ref_=rlm
Let's Be Cops (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Let's Be Cops 20142014 RR 1h 44m IMDb RATING 6.4/10 131K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,869 1,825 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:31 4 Videos 99+ Photos ActionComedyCrime Two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party and become neighborhood sensations. But when these newly-minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty... Read allTwo struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party and become neighborhood sensations. But when these newly-minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line.Two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party and become neighborhood sensations. But when these newly-minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line. IMDb RATING 6.4/10 131K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,869 1,825 Director Luke Greenfield Writers Luke Greenfield Nicholas Thomas Stars Jake Johnson Damon Wayans Jr. Rob Riggle Top credits Director Luke Greenfield Writers Luke Greenfield Nicholas Thomas Stars Jake Johnson Damon Wayans Jr. Rob Riggle See production, box office & company info 186User reviews 138Critic reviews 30Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:31 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:13 Trailer Clip 0:55 Let's Be Cops Clip 1:02 Let's Be Cops Photos288 Top cast Edit Jake Johnson Ryanas Ryan Damon Wayans Jr. Justinas Justin Rob Riggle Segarsas Segars Nina Dobrev Josieas Josie James D'Arcy Mossias Mossi Keegan-Michael Key Pupaas Pupa Andy Garcia Brolinas Brolin Jonathan Lajoie Todd Cutteras Todd Cutter (as Jon Lajoie) Tom Mardirosian Georgieas Georgie Natasha Leggero Annieas Annie Rebecca Koon Lydiaas Lydia Joshua Ormond Little Joeyas Little Joey L. Warren Young Jacksonas Jackson Nelson Bonilla Pashaas Pasha Brian Oerly Goranas Goran Jeff Chase Lekaas Leka Alec Rayme Mishaas Misha Randy Havens Daveas Dave (as Randall P. Havens) Director Luke Greenfield Writers Luke Greenfield Nicholas Thomas All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.2 Ride Along 6.0 Get Hard 6.2 Why Him? 5.9 Ride Along 2 7.3 The Right Hook 6.6 The Wedding Ringer 6.3 Central Intelligence 6.0 Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates 6.5 Tag 6.3 Horrible Bosses 2 6.3 Neighbors 6.1 Vacation Storyline Edit It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops. When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party, they become neighborhood sensations. But when these newly-minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line. —20th Century Fox friendship between menimpersonating a police officerfootball gamesmoking marijuanawaterboarding170 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Fake Cops. Real Trouble. Genres Action Comedy Crime Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language including sexual references, some graphic nudity, violence and drug use Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Jake Johnson, Damon Wayans Jr., Jonathan Lajoie, Rob Riggle and Keegan-Michael Key, who are all stand-up comedians, improvised a lot of their dialogue. Goofs When Ryan's cop car chases the kids across the lawn, the tires squeal as if on pavement. Quotes Ryan: I got promoted to sergeant. Justin: You promoted yourself? Ryan: Yeah, I feel like I deserved it. Crazy credits Another montage of Ryan and Justin posing as cops is shown during the end credits. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Clive Owen/Nina Dobrev/The Head & the Heart (2014) Soundtracks I Want It That Way Written by Andreas Carlsson (as Andreas Mikael Carlsson) & Max Martin Performed by Backstreet Boys (as The Backstreet Boys) Courtesy of RCA Records By arrangement with Sony Music Licensing User reviews186 Review Top review 6/10 Reserved for the Old Blockbuster Crowd Don't be fooled by the sophomoric title which conjures up images of idiots pretending to be cops to pick up chicks, get free things and otherwise act like fools in uniformwait, that is what happens in this film. Still don't be fooled by the title, the movie isn't so much face-palming as it is just mildly and reliably silly. The movie stars Jake Johnson of New Girl (2011-2014) fame as a burned out former college sports prodigy who's currently unemployed and single in sunny Los Angeles. His roommate Damon Wayans Jr. is a video game designer who struggles to bring his ideas to life thanks to a petrifying fear of taking initiative. His new game pitch involves a Grand Theft Auto-type RPG boasting an authentic beat cop experience. So authentic in fact, that he borrows real police uniforms to place on his presentation mannequins. His boss doesn't go for it but at least the two can become a hit at a costume party, thus beginning a ruse that grabs the attention of the ladies, the criminals and the LAPD. The film adds very little to the buddy cop genre save a realistic performance by Rob Riggle as a legit Police officer. The villains are serviceable in menace and acting ability while love interest Nina Dobrev of the ever popular Degrassi: The Next Generation (2006-2009) is breathtaking T&A. The notion of Dobrev's character aspiring to be a makeup artist and not an actress or model is about as silly as Fred Astaire aspiring to be a shoe-shiner. Try as they might the chemistry between the two leads is cordial but no where near the level of Murtaugh and Briggs, Cates and Hammond, Lee and Carter. At best they're Freebie and the Bean (1974) without the pretense of already being A-List stars. But let's be real, this film isn't trying to be the next Rush Hour (1998), and yes that is the new marker of quality. It's a movie that tries to reassemble the old Blockbuster video crowd who rented Martin Lawrence's National Security (2003) and All About the Benjamins (2002) a hundred times because old habits die hard and The Marine (2006) was already rented out. While Johnson and Wayans Jr. may not have the established fan base of Martin Lawrence or Ice Cube, there's no denying the films refreshing lack of pretense and the actors' enthusiasm towards the one-trick pony screenplay. Let's cut the BS, what it all comes down to in movies like this is can it make you laugh? The short answer is yes and not just scattered chuckles either. Is it worth a re-watch; probably not. There are some truly inspired moments many of which are provided by Keegan-Michael Key (If Key and Jordan Peele were cast as the hapless fake cops instead of Johnson and Wayans who knows how deliciously absurd this movie could have gotten). Yet the buddy-banter all feels recycled and the action sequences are mundane. I tacitly approve even if Let's Be Cops appeared too late on the scene to be relevant. Those who are limitedly exposed to the clichés of boys-in-blue-type cinema will find something to like, especially when their parents aren't in the room. Those with more discerning taste might want to look the other way on this one, not because it's offensive, dumb or bad but because it's too little of anything. http://www.theyservepopcorninhell.blogspot.com helpful•23 19 bkrauser-81-311064 Sep 16, 2014 Details Edit Release date August 15, 2014 (China) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Languages English Spanish Also known as Фейкові копи Filming locations Atlanta, Georgia, USA Production companies Genre Films Twentieth Century Fox WideAwake See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $17,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $82,390,774 Opening weekend US & Canada $17,813,722 Aug 17, 2014 Gross worldwide $138,224,951 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 44 minutes Sound mix Dolby Datasat SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Damon Wayans Jr. Finds Comedy in Grief in New TBS Pilot Mar 19HollywoodOutbreak.com Damon Wayans Jr. Joins Cast of TBS Comedy Pilot ‘Kill the Orange-Faced Bear’ Mar 18Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Let's Be Cops (2014) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.