Life of Brian (1979) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079470/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_231
Life of Brian (1979) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Life of Brian 19791979 RR 1h 34m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 384K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,451 146 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:51 3 Videos 99+ Photos Comedy Born on the original Christmas in the stable next door to Jesus Christ, Brian of Nazareth spends his life being mistaken for a messiah.Born on the original Christmas in the stable next door to Jesus Christ, Brian of Nazareth spends his life being mistaken for a messiah.Born on the original Christmas in the stable next door to Jesus Christ, Brian of Nazareth spends his life being mistaken for a messiah. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 384K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,451 146 Director Terry Jones Writers Graham Chapman John Cleese Terry Gilliam Stars Graham Chapman John Cleese Michael Palin Top credits Director Terry Jones Writers Graham Chapman John Cleese Terry Gilliam Stars Graham Chapman John Cleese Michael Palin See production, box office & company info 433User reviews 118Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #231 See the Top 250 movies as rated by IMDb users Videos3 Trailer 2:51 Trailer Trailer 1:37 Monty Python's Life of Brian Video 28:19 Sneak Previews Season 2 Episode 8 Photos131 Top cast Edit Graham Chapman Wise Man #2as Wise Man #2… John Cleese Wise Man #1as Wise Man #1… Michael Palin Wise Man #3as Wise Man #3… Terry Gilliam Man Even Further Forwardas Man Even Further Forward… Eric Idle Mr. Cheekyas Mr. Cheeky… Terry Jones Mandy Cohenas Mandy Cohen… Terence Bayler Gregoryas Gregory Carol Cleveland Mrs. Gregoryas Mrs. Gregory Kenneth Colley Jesusas Jesus Neil Innes A Weedy Samaritanas A Weedy Samaritan Charles McKeown False Prophetas False Prophet… John Young Matthias, Son of Deuteronomy of Gathas Matthias, Son of Deuteronomy of Gath Gwen Taylor Mrs. Big Noseas Mrs. Big Nose Sue Jones-Davies Judithas Judith Peter Brett John Case Pilate's Wifeas Pilate's Wife Chris Langham Alfonsoas Alfonso… Andrew MacLachlan Another Official Stoners Helperas Another Official Stoners Helper… Director Terry Jones Writers Graham Chapman John Cleese Terry Gilliam All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Monty Python and the Holy Grail 7.5 The Meaning of Life 8.8 Monty Python's Flying Circus 8.2 Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus 7.9 Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl 7.6 And Now for Something Completely Different 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 8.1 The Big Lebowski 8.1 Rocky 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.2 Die Hard 5.5 Brian De Palma, l'incorruptible Storyline Edit The story of Brian of Nazareth (Graham Chapman), born on the same day as Jesus of Nazareth, who takes a different path in life that leads to the same conclusion. Brian joins a political resistance movement aiming to get the Romans out of Judea. Brian scores a victory of sorts when he manages to paint political slogans on an entire wall in the city of Jerusalem. The movement is not very effective but somehow Brian becomes a prophet and gathers his own following. His fate is sealed however and he lives a very short life. —garykmcd satirebritish comedymonty pythonreference to jesus christactor playing multiple roles121 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A motion picture destined to offend nearly two thirds of the civilized world. And severely annoy the other third. Genre Comedy Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Six cast members played forty characters. Goofs When the Centurion corrects Brian's slogan, "Romanes Eunt Domus", he says Domum is the locative case, which would be Domi. It's actually the accusative of place, which drops the preposition Ad from Ad Domum. However, the resulting sentence, "Romani Ite Domum", is correct. Quotes Spectator I: I think it was "Blessed are the cheesemakers". Mrs. Gregory: Aha, what's so special about the cheesemakers? Gregory: Well, obviously it's not meant to be taken literally; it refers to any manufacturers of dairy products. Crazy credits At the end of Idle's song "Bright Side Of Life" we can hear him saying "It's the end of the film. Incidently this record's available in the foyer. Some of us have got to live as well you know. Who do you think pays for all this rubbish? They'll never make their money back, you know. I told him, I said to him, Bernie, I said, they'll never make their money back... That should give you enough." Alternate versions The Criterion LD/DVD features the following deleted scenes: A scene with three shepherds in the beginning of the film. A scene featuring the Peoples Front of Judea breaking into Pilate's wife's bedroom, only to be defeated by her strength. A scene introducing us and Brian to the suicide squad, led by King Otto (Idle). A scene showing Judith releasing doves that fly out over Nazareth, and that are spotted by Otto and interpreted as "the sign that is the sign". He sends his troops into town. A very brief scene showing Judith watching Brian carrying his cross through the streets; she is attacked by a salesman who wants her to haggle, resulting in her leaving. Connections Edited into From Spam to Sperm (2000) Soundtracks Brian Music by André Jacquemin and Dave Howman (as David Howman) Lyrics by Michael Palin Arranged by Trevor Jones Sung by Sonia Jones User reviews433 Review Top review 10/10 Stunningly funny One of my fave films of all time, this film has so many laugh-out-loud jokes and ridiculous thought processes that it would probably be unfair to pick out just a few. Tough - I'm going to: John Cleese as the legionnary Latin teacher rebuking Brian not for daring to use graffiti on the Roman fort but for using the wrong tense, Michael Palin trying to find his place in life as an ex-leper, Terry Jones as Brian's mother trying to protect him from myrrh - let's face it, we've all wondered what myrrh is ! The bit that always makes me laugh without fail is something that isn't always noticed - when Michael Palin is having a go at the guards; "Do you find it risible when I say the name of my friend Biggus Diccus ?" if you look carefully you'll see that Palin is trying really hard not to laugh. Puerile, silly but also very very clever. This film doesn't criticise religion or Jesus in any way ( what was wrong with the people who tried to ban it ? ) - it's just asking what it could have been like in a society that was expecting the Messiah to show up at any moment, and covering it in a massive coating of comedy. This film is an absolute classic - 10 out of 10. helpful•213 70 ptpenry Feb 11, 2002 FAQ4 Why was the centurion so insistent on correcting Brian's graffiti? What's the story with all the different Jewish political factions like the People's Front of Judea and the Judean People's Front and so forth? Is "Life of Brian" based on a book? Details Edit Release date November 8, 1979 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Languages English Latin Also known as 万世魔星 Filming locations Amphitheater, Carthage, Tunis, Tunisia Production companies HandMade Films Python (Monty) Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $4,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $20,206,622 Opening weekend US & Canada $140,034 Aug 19, 1979 Gross worldwide $20,742,852 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 34 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news How Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, and Jethro Tull Helped Make ‘Monty Python and the Holy Grail’ Mar 9Rollingstone.com Drive-In Dust Offs: Night Of The Blood Beast (1958) Jan 23DailyDead Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Life of Brian (1979) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.