Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120735/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_155
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels 19981998 RR 1h 47m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 558K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 571 642 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionComedyCrime Eddy persuades his three pals to pool money for a vital poker game against a powerful local mobster, Hatchet Harry. Eddy loses, after which Harry gives him a week to pay back 500,000 pounds.Eddy persuades his three pals to pool money for a vital poker game against a powerful local mobster, Hatchet Harry. Eddy loses, after which Harry gives him a week to pay back 500,000 pounds.Eddy persuades his three pals to pool money for a vital poker game against a powerful local mobster, Hatchet Harry. Eddy loses, after which Harry gives him a week to pay back 500,000 pounds. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 558K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 571 642 Director Guy Ritchie Writer Guy Ritchie Stars Jason Flemyng Dexter Fletcher Nick Moran Top credits Director Guy Ritchie Writer Guy Ritchie Stars Jason Flemyng Dexter Fletcher Nick Moran See production, box office & company info 621User reviews 119Critic reviews 66Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #155 Awards 13 wins & 9 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 0:31 Lock, Stock, And Two Smoking Barrels Clip 1:44 A Guide to the Films of Guy Ritchie Photos110 Top cast Edit Jason Flemyng Tomas Tom Dexter Fletcher Soapas Soap Nick Moran Eddyas Eddy Jason Statham Baconas Bacon Steven Mackintosh Winstonas Winston Nicholas Rowe Jas J Nick Marcq Charlesas Charles Charles Forbes Willieas Willie (as Charlie Forbes) Vinnie Jones Big Chrisas Big Chris Lenny McLean Barry The Baptistas Barry The Baptist Peter McNicholl Little Chrisas Little Chris P.H. Moriarty Hatchet Harryas Hatchet Harry Frank Harper Dogas Dog Steve Sweeney Plankas Plank Huggy Leaver Paulas Paul Ronnie Fox Mickeyas Mickey Tony McMahon Johnas John Stephen Marcus Nick The Greekas Nick The Greek Director Guy Ritchie Writer Guy Ritchie All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Snatch 8.1 Trainspotting 7.6 Lock, Stock... 8.1 The Big Lebowski 7.3 RocknRolla 6.4 Revolver 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.2 Casino 3.6 Swept Away 8.5 American History X Storyline Edit Four Jack-the-lads find themselves heavily - seriously heavily - in debt to an East End hard man and his enforcers after a crooked card game. Overhearing their neighbours in the next flat plotting to hold up a group of out-of-their-depth drug growers, our heroes decide to stitch up the robbers in turn. In a way the confusion really starts when a pair of antique double-barrelled shotguns go missing in a completely different scam. gangsterdark comedyviolenceunited kingdomshotgun212 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A Disgrace to Criminals Everywhere. Genres Action Comedy Crime Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence, pervasive language, sexuality and drug content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film was dedicated to Lenny McLean, who played Barry the Baptist. He died of lung cancer exactly one month before the films premiere. Goofs Eddy says that the two guns are the only thing that connects them to the events, but the shoot-out over the money and marijuana happened at their apartment, leaving a number of bodies. It is also unclear how the police never showed up after all of the shooting when the boys arrived later. Quotes Bacon: What's that? Samoan Joe's Barman: It's a cocktail. You asked for a cocktail. Bacon: No. I asked you to give me a refreshing drink. I wasn't expecting a fucking rainforest! You could fall in love with an orangutan in that! Samoan Joe's Barman: You want a pint, you go to the pub. Bacon: I thought this was a pub! Samoan Joes Barman: It's a Samoan pub. Crazy credits In the closing credits, the character names in the cast list are shown entirely in lower-case letters with no initial capital letters. Alternate versions New footage included in director's cut: at the very start of film, Ed is shown explaining the rules of 3 Card Brag to two people; the scene where Big Chris goes to see the man on the sunbed is longer Tom, Soap and Bacon are shown walking through the pub to the bar while Ed is playing cards the earlier stages of the card game are shown Alan explains to Ed the "history" between JD and Harry when Barry is talking to the two scousers the dialogue is different when Big Chris is walking into Harry's office near the end, he meets the man who was on the sunbed near the start of the film. when Ed is being interviewed by the police you see him finishing explaining the rules of 3 Card Brag to them (as seen at very start) just before the credits, you see Soap telling a whole joke in the car when they are coming back from the job three outtakes are shown during the credits: one with Soap telling a joke, the next where Barry asks one of the scouser's for an ice cream and one where a guy runs onto the set. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Deep End of the Ocean/Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels/Cruel Intentions/Analyze This/Wing Commander (1999) Soundtracks Hundred Mile City Performed by Ocean Colour Scene (as Ocean Color Scene) Courtesy of Universal Music (UK) Ltd. Written by Damon Minchella, Simon Fowler, Oscar Harrison and Steve Cradock (as Steve Craddock) © 1997 Island Music Ltd. User reviews621 Review Top review 9/10 As T.C. said, this movie rocks! You all may know the story at how Tom Cruise saw this movie at a screening in London, and afterwards said, "This movie rocks." Whatever you may think of Mr. Cruise, I happen to agree after watching this film. Although I had trouble following the story at times, it was a lot of fun, and Ritchie managed to juggle all the characters around and keep me interested and compelled to watch. I also didn't have any trouble understanding what the characters were saying, and I think those who blind themselves to films like this by saying, "Oh, I can't understand them" lack patience. I also liked all the actors, particularly, of course Lenny McLean and Vinnie Jones(one of my few complaints is I would have liked to see more of them in the film). And for a film which feels violent, there's surprisingly little actual violence, which is refreshing. Overall, not a particularly deep film, but a lot of fun. helpful•86 31 SKG-2 Jan 14, 2000 FAQ4 What does the title of the film mean? What is Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels about? Is "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" based on a book? Details Edit Release date August 28, 1998 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 两杆大烟枪 Filming locations St John Street, Clerkenwell, London, England, UK Production companies Summit Entertainment The Steve Tisch Company SKA Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget £960,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $3,753,929 Opening weekend US & Canada $143,321 Mar 7, 1999 Gross worldwide $3,753,929 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 47 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Box Office: ‘A Quiet Place Part II’ Smashes Pandemic Era Records With $57 Million Debut May 31Variety Film + TV Guy Ritchie’s Snatch Makes 4K Debut July 13 May 30Comicmix.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.