Love & Mercy (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0903657?ref_=rlm
Love & Mercy (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Love & Mercy 20142014 PG-13PG-13 2h 1m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 38K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:31 10 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaMusic In the 60s, Beach Boys leader Brian Wilson struggles with emerging psychosis as he attempts to craft his avant-garde pop masterpiece. In the 80s, he is a broken, confused man under the 24-ho... Read allIn the 60s, Beach Boys leader Brian Wilson struggles with emerging psychosis as he attempts to craft his avant-garde pop masterpiece. In the 80s, he is a broken, confused man under the 24-hour watch of shady therapist Dr. Eugene Landy.In the 60s, Beach Boys leader Brian Wilson struggles with emerging psychosis as he attempts to craft his avant-garde pop masterpiece. In the 80s, he is a broken, confused man under the 24-hour watch of shady therapist Dr. Eugene Landy. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 38K YOUR RATING Rate Director Bill Pohlad Writers Oren Moverman Michael A. Lerner Brian Wilson(based on the life of) Stars John Cusack Paul Dano Elizabeth Banks Top credits Director Bill Pohlad Writers Oren Moverman Michael A. Lerner Brian Wilson(based on the life of) Stars John Cusack Paul Dano Elizabeth Banks See production, box office & company info 179User reviews 277Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 20 wins & 58 nominations Videos10 Trailer 2:31 Official Trailer Trailer 1:06 Official Trailer Clip 1:00 Something There Clip 1:31 But Yeah Clip 1:33 Clip Clip 0:55 Remember Clip 1:06 Feels Like Prom Clip 0:33 Brian Wilson Clip 0:33 Horse In Here Video 3:59 Which Celebs Almost Played Rock Stars? Photos109 Top cast Edit John Cusack Brian - Futureas Brian - Future Paul Dano Brian - Pastas Brian - Past Elizabeth Banks Melinda Ledbetteras Melinda Ledbetter Paul Giamatti Dr. Eugene Landyas Dr. Eugene Landy Jake Abel Mike Loveas Mike Love Kenny Wormald Dennis Wilsonas Dennis Wilson Brett Davern Carl Wilsonas Carl Wilson Graham Rogers Al Jardineas Al Jardine Erin Darke Marilyn Wilsonas Marilyn Wilson Bill Camp Murry Wilsonas Murry Wilson Joanna Going Audree Wilsonas Audree Wilson Nick Gehlfuss Bruce Johnstonas Bruce Johnston Mark Linett Chuck Britzas Chuck Britz Johnny Sneed Hal Blaineas Hal Blaine Gary Griffin Al De Loryas Al De Lory Teresa Cowles Carol Kayeas Carol Kaye Vince Meghrouni Woodwindas Woodwind… Jeff Meacham Tony Asheras Tony Asher Director Bill Pohlad Writers Oren Moverman Michael A. Lerner Brian Wilson(based on the life of) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 High Fidelity 7.2 Ruby Sparks 7.3 24 Hour Party People 6.1 Old Explorers 7.3 The End of the Tour 7.7 Control 5.9 Flatscreen 7.8 Little Miss Sunshine 7.4 In the Loop 7.9 Dont Look Back 6.0 For Ellen 6.5 The Great Work Begins. Scenes from Angels in America Storyline Edit Brian Wilson is the creative soul of The Beach Boys, but he paid a heavy price for his talent. That especially shows during his peak artistic years in the 1960s, as his inner demons and obsessions trying to please his abusive father drive him to a mental breakdown that would plague him for years. In the 1980s, with Brian barely functional under the domination of the unscrupulous Dr. Landy, Brian meets and falls in love with Melinda Ledbetter. As their relationship grows, she observes Brian's crippling subservience to the abusive psychotherapist with growing alarm. Ultimately, she must take action with a love willing to stand up to oppression she cannot ignore. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) the beach boyspsychotherapisthearing voicessongwritingmental illness326 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Life, Love and Genius of Brian Wilson Genres Biography Drama Music Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for thematic elements, drug content and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The real Wilson reported having a mild dissociative experience while watching the film. He started to believe that Paul Giamatti was the actual Eugene Landy and felt "absolutely in fear" for several minutes. Goofs Contrary to what is shown, the recording for "Good Vibrations" began during the making of "Pet Sounds", not after. Quotes Brian Future: I want you to leave, but I don't want you to leave me. Crazy credits First, there's concert footage of the recent Brian Wilson, himself, singing "Love & Mercy", and then at the very end there is audio of a brief recreated studio recording of Good Vibrations, with '60s Brian leading the dialogue. Alternate versions The version which premiered at the 2014 Toronto Film Festival and a few subsequent public screenings contained a few extra scenes, such as an "I Get Around" studio sequence, and a scene where Wilson meets Phil Spector on the street. The closing song "One Kind of Love" was also absent from this cut. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: John Cusack/Chita Rivera/Ricky Martin (2015) Soundtracks Surfin' U.S.A. Written by Chuck Berry Lyrics by Brian Wilson (uncredited) Performed by The Beach Boys Courtesy of Capitol Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews179 Review Top review 7/10 better for Dano to play both This is the story of Brian Wilson during two time periods. In 1964, Brian Wilson (Paul Dano) has a panic attack and quits touring with the band. Instead he concentrates on writing for the new record Pet Sounds. He struggles from his abusive father and starts hearing voices. In the 80s, Brian (John Cusack) is under the control of his therapist Dr. Eugene Landy (Paul Giamatti). He buys a car from saleswoman Melinda Ledbetter (Elizabeth Banks) who eventually breaks Landy's hold on him. This is a compelling biopic of an interesting person. Paul Dano really hits it out of the park. His section has some great scenes. On its own, John Cusack does a great job. Put together, I can't help but think that Cusack is doing a passable imitation of Dano's performance. I'm not judging their relative acting skills. I just think that Dano has always played this type of character and he simply fits better. I'm certain that Dano would be nominated for an Oscar if he played both time periods. Landy is the villain of the piece and Giamatti plays him with gusto. For a more nuanced character, the movie needs to show his character saving Brian at the beginning. Splitting the time period so neatly does lessen some important sections of Brian's life. helpful•6 2 SnoopyStyle Jan 31, 2016 FAQ1 Why cast two actors for the same role? Details Edit Release date June 19, 2015 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Yêu Thuong Quay Vê Filming locations Griffith Observatory, 2800 E Observatory Rd, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies River Road Entertainment Battle Mountain Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $10,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $12,551,031 Opening weekend US & Canada $2,122,177 Jun 7, 2015 Gross worldwide $28,641,776 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Color Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Casey Affleck, Zooey Deschanel, Walton Goggins, Chris Messina to Star in Music Drama ‘Dreamin’ Wild’ Oct 19Variety Film + TV ‘Dreamin’ Wild’: Casey Affleck, Beau Bridges, Zooey Deschanel, Walton Goggins, Chris Messina & More Board Emerson Brothers Drama From Director Bill Pohlad Oct 19Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Love & Mercy (2014) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.