M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder (1931) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0022100/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_90
M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder (1931) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder 19311931 PassedPassed 1h 57m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 152K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,561 28 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 1 Video 99+ Photos CrimeMysteryThriller When the police in a German city are unable to catch a child-murderer, other criminals join in the manhunt.When the police in a German city are unable to catch a child-murderer, other criminals join in the manhunt.When the police in a German city are unable to catch a child-murderer, other criminals join in the manhunt. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 152K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,561 28 Director Fritz Lang Writers Thea von Harbou(script) Fritz Lang(script) Egon Jacobsohn(article) Stars Peter Lorre Ellen Widmann Inge Landgut Top credits Director Fritz Lang Writers Thea von Harbou(script) Fritz Lang(script) Egon Jacobsohn(article) Stars Peter Lorre Ellen Widmann Inge Landgut See production, box office & company info 394User reviews 175Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #90 Awards 2 wins Videos1 Trailer 2:32 Official Trailer Photos105 Top cast Edit Peter Lorre Hans Beckertas Hans Beckert Ellen Widmann Frau Beckmannas Frau Beckmann Inge Landgut Elsie Beckmannas Elsie Beckmann Otto Wernicke Inspector Karl Lohmannas Inspector Karl Lohmann Theodor Loos Inspector Groeberas Inspector Groeber Gustaf Gründgens Schränkeras Schränker Friedrich Gnaß Franzas Franz Fritz Odemar The Cheateras The Cheater Paul Kemp Pickpocket with Six Watchesas Pickpocket with Six Watches Theo Lingen Bauernfängeras Bauernfänger Rudolf Blümner Beckert's Defenderas Beckert's Defender Georg John Blind Panhandleras Blind Panhandler Franz Stein Ministeras Minister Ernst Stahl-Nachbaur Police Chiefas Police Chief Gerhard Bienert Criminal Secretaryas Criminal Secretary Karl Platen Damowitzas Damowitz Rosa Valetti Bartenderas Bartender Hertha von Walther Prostituteas Prostitute Director Fritz Lang Writers Thea von Harbou(script) Fritz Lang(script) Egon Jacobsohn(article) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Metropolis 8.3 Ladri di biciclette 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 8.4 Paths of Glory 8.4 Witness for the Prosecution 8.3 Vertigo 6.8 M 8.5 City Lights 8.1 The Third Man 8.4 Tengoku to jigoku 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Storyline Edit There have been a rash of child abductions and murders in Berlin. The murderer lures the children into his confidence by candy and other such child friendly items. Everyone is on edge because the murderer has not been caught. The most substantial pieces of evidence the police have are hand written letters by the murderer which he sent to the newspaper for publication. Unknown even to himself, a blind beggar, who sold the murderer a balloon for one of the child victims, may have key information as to the murderer's identity. The murder squad's work is made even more difficult with the large number of tips they receive from the paranoid public, who are quick to accuse anyone of suspicious activity solely for their own piece of mind that someone - anyone - is apprehended for the heinous crimes. Conversely, many want to take the case into their own hands, including the town's leading criminals since the increased police presence has placed a strain on their ability to conduct criminal activity. Although they both have the same end goal of capturing the murderer, the police and the criminals seem to be working at cross purposes, which may provide an edge to the murderer in getting away. —Huggo paranoialoss of daughterwhistlingmanhuntpsychopath144 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines IT STAGGERS THE SENSES!...SHOCKS the Imagination - It will leave you Gasping - It is the Sensation of 3 Continents! Genres Crime Mystery Thriller Certificate Passed Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Contrary to popular belief, Fritz Lang did not change the title from "The Murderers are Among Us" to "M" due to fear of persecution by the Nazis. He changed the title during filming, influenced by the scene where one of the criminals writes the letter on his hand. Lang thought "M" was a more interesting title. Goofs All entries contain spoilers Quotes Hans Beckert: I can't help what I do! I can't help it, I can't... Criminal: The old story! We never can help it in court! Hans Beckert: What do you know about it? Who are you anyway? Who are you? Criminals? Are you proud of yourselves? Proud of breaking safes or cheating at cards? Things you could just as well keep your fingers off. You wouldn't need to do all that if you'd learn a proper trade or if you'd work. If you weren't a bunch of lazy bastards. But I... I can't help myself! I have no control over this, this evil thing inside of me, the fire, the voices, the torment! Schraenker: Do you mean to say that you have to murder? Hans Beckert: It's there all the time, driving me out to wander the streets, following me, silently, but I can feel it there. It's me, pursuing myself! I want to escape, to escape from myself! But it's impossible. I can't escape, I have to obey it. I have to run, run... endless streets. I want to escape, to get away! And I'm pursued by ghosts. Ghosts of mothers and of those children... they never leave me. They are always there... always, always, always!, except when I do it, when I... Then I can't remember anything. And afterwards I see those posters and read what I've done, and read, and read... did I do that? But I can't remember anything about it! But who will believe me? Who knows what it's like to be me? How I'm forced to act... how I must, must... don't want to, must! Don't want to, but must! And then a voice screams! I can't bear to hear it! I can't go on! I can't... I can't... Crazy credits All of the original credits appear only in the beginning with no music. Alternate versions In the English and French language versions, in addition to having been dubbed, had some footage re shot. These scenes include the telephone conversation between the minister and the police commissioner, and the ending of the film. Peter Lorre's performance in the trial was re shot, however this time he spoke his lines in English or French, depending upon the version. The shots of him are lit and photographed much differently than Fritz Lang's original footage. Additionally, a shot of the police arriving was inserted, taken from an earlier part of the film (whereas in the original German version no police forces are shown at all). The court scenes have been eliminated and replaced with happy endings where young children play a game similar to the one seen in the opening (English) or a smiling couple watching their children play in the street (French). Connections Edited into Juden ohne Maske (1937) Soundtracks Le Halle du Roi de la Montagne in "Peer Gynt Suite No.1, Op.46" (1876) Written by Edvard Grieg User reviews394 Review Top review 9/10 Ahead of its time This is a very interesting film on so many levels. It's interesting to see just how far ahead German cinema was of its American counterpart at this point in time. Although there is not that much talking in this early German talking picture - Fritz Lang resisted going to sound in the first place - what conversation that does take place is well done and natural sounding. Compare it with any American film from 1931 and you can't help but see the difference. The murderer, artfully played by Peter Lorre, has been killing children that have no link to him personally for months. The police, despite all of their efforts, are unable to catch him, mainly because there is no rhyme or reason in his choice of victims. At first there is a focus on the victims and the hole left in their families by their killing. Then, the film shifts to two normally opposed groups - the police and the underworld. After several months of no results by the authorities, the police are unhappy because it reflects badly upon them, and the underworld is unhappy because their activities are being disrupted because of the police doing constant raids in their efforts to capture the killer. In a particularly well-done part of the film the scene shifts back and forth between a conference of police and one of the underworld. They discuss how they are going to catch the killer. The police settle upon the idea of looking for people with a history of past mental problems that were pronounced cured and released. The underworld decides to enlist an invisible group - the beggars - to follow every child at all times and therefore catch the killer. Both groups focus on the right suspect, the question is - who gets there first? M is a fascinating film that raises many topics - the death penalty, a group of criminals that are criminals by choice causing less stress on society than a lone criminal that acts out of an uncontrollable compulsion, and the motivations of the authorities often being their own bureaucratic survival rather than the larger issue of ending a series of horrible acts against humanity. helpful•32 2 AlsExGal Jan 16, 2010 FAQ8 What is 'M' about? Is 'M' based on a book? Why the title 'M'? Details Edit Release date August 31, 1931 (Sweden) Country of origin Germany Language German Also known as M就是凶手 Filming locations Staaken, Spandau, Berlin, Germany Production company Nero-Film AG See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $35,566 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,123 Mar 17, 2013 Gross worldwide $35,566 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 57 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.20 : 1 Related news The Desert Gets Dark: Film Noir Festival Returns to Palm Springs With ‘Big Sleep,’ 35mm Rarities and More Oct 19Variety Film + TV Screen Australia announces $600,000 in story development funding for 21 projects Oct 18IF.com.au Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder (1931)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.