Magnolia (1999) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0175880/?ref_=nm_flmg_wr_15
Magnolia (1999) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Magnolia 19991999 RR 3h 8m IMDb RATING 8.0/10 301K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,062 289 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:46 2 Videos 99+ Photos Drama An epic mosaic of interrelated characters in search of love, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley.An epic mosaic of interrelated characters in search of love, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley.An epic mosaic of interrelated characters in search of love, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley. IMDb RATING 8.0/10 301K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,062 289 Director Paul Thomas Anderson Writer Paul Thomas Anderson Stars Tom Cruise Jason Robards Julianne Moore Top credits Director Paul Thomas Anderson Writer Paul Thomas Anderson Stars Tom Cruise Jason Robards Julianne Moore See production, box office & company info 1.5KUser reviews 226Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 3 Oscars 28 wins & 59 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:46 Magnolia Clip 1:38 'Magnolia' | Anniversary Mashup Photos109 Top cast Edit Tom Cruise Frank T.J. Mackeyas Frank T.J. Mackey Jason Robards Earl Partridgeas Earl Partridge Julianne Moore Linda Partridgeas Linda Partridge Philip Seymour Hoffman Phil Parmaas Phil Parma Pat Healy Sir Edmund William Godfreyas Sir Edmund William Godfrey… Genevieve Zweig Mrs. Godfreyas Mrs. Godfrey Mark Flanagan Joseph Greenas Joseph Green (as Mark Flannagan) Neil Flynn Stanley Berryas Stanley Berry Rod McLachlan Daniel Hillas Daniel Hill Allan Graf Firefighteras Firefighter Patton Oswalt Delmer Darionas Delmer Darion Raymond 'Big Guy' Gonzales Reno Security Guardas Reno Security Guard Brad Hunt Craig Hansenas Craig Hansen Jim Meskimen Forensic Scientistas Forensic Scientist Chris O'Hara Sydney Barringeras Sydney Barringer Clement Blake Arthur Barringeras Arthur Barringer Frank Elmore 1958 Detectiveas 1958 Detective John Kraft Seitz 1958 Policemanas 1958 Policeman Director Paul Thomas Anderson Writer Paul Thomas Anderson All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.9 Boogie Nights 7.3 Punch-Drunk Love 7.2 The Master 7.2 Sydney 6.7 Inherent Vice 7.5 Phantom Thread 8.2 There Will Be Blood 7.4 Eyes Wide Shut 7.7 Being John Malkovich 7.7 Adaptation. 6.0 The Dirk Diggler Story 7.7 Anima Storyline Edit 24 hours in L.A.; it's raining cats and dogs. Two parallel and intercut stories dramatize men about to die: both are estranged from a grown child, both want to make contact, and neither child wants anything to do with dad. Earl Partridge's son is a charismatic misogynist; Jimmy Gator's daughter is a cokehead and waif. A mild and caring nurse intercedes for Earl, reaching the son; a prayerful and upright beat cop meets the daughter, is attracted to her, and leads her toward a new calm. Meanwhile, guilt consumes Earl's young wife, while two whiz kids, one grown and a loser and the other young and pressured, face their situations. The weather, too, is quirky. —<jhailey@hotmail.com> coincidencemultiple storylinefrog raincancerabusive father149 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Things fall down. People look up. And when it rains, it pours. Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong language, drug use, sexuality and some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Paul Thomas Anderson approached George C. Scott about playing the role of Earl Partridge, Scott threw the script across the room, saying "This is the worst fucking thing I've ever read. The language is terrible." Goofs In the "Wise Up" sequence, Claudia is dressed for her date, she's wearing black and her hair is up. When she opens the door to Jim, she's wearing red, her hair is down. On the way to the car, she is again wearing black etc, and at the restaurant she is back wearing red. Quotes Jimmy Gator: The book says, "We might be through with the past, but the past ain't through with us." Crazy credits Underneath the title at the end a line reads "for fa and ea". fa is Fiona Apple (Paul Thomas Anderson's girlfriend) ea is Ernie Anderson (Paul Thomas Anderson's father) Alternate versions The supplemental material disc of the R1 special edition DVD of Magnolia has about 8 minutes of hidden outtake footage. To access it, you need to select the 'Color Bars' option and wait about twenty seconds. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Magnolia/Stuart Little/Anna and the King/Bicentennial Man/Topsy-Turvy (1999) Soundtracks One Written by Harry Nilsson Performed by Aimee Mann Courtesy of Superego Records User reviews1.5K Review Top review One of the best films of the year! "Magolia" for starts is not a film that's easy to like. Many people at Blockbuster have told me how "horrible" it was, and my sister hates it. I didn't really like it the first time around, mainly because of the way the characters reacted to the bizarre incident that concluded the film(I won't spoil it for those who haven't seen it yet). However, I gave it a second chance, and I think that it's a really great movie that uses it's three hours wisely and pays off brillaintly and intelligently in the end. The film follows the lives of nine characters in a series of stories that are seamlessly interwoven together in a way that flows through perfectly and is never boring to the viewer. They seem somewhat related to each other in the actions that they are undertaking and the events happening in their lives seem coicidental and ironic with each other. However, their lives all center around one thing...they are suffering. They hate their lives, they feel their cause in life is pointless, and they seem to have lost all hope. They also feel that the world revolves around their pathetic little lives, and that they are the only ones that feel pain. Some viewers may not want to sit through the first 2 1/2 hours just to see these poor souls wallow in their own pain. Yet it's important that we see it, because people can waste their whole lives away because of how they feel and that they think they're the only person who's ever had any pain in their lives. Jason Robards' 10 minute monologue ties all their pain together, and all their feelings of regrets and losses. Boy does life suck! Then comes the ending which I wont spoil for those who haven't seen it yet. I'll only say that I believe it's a sign from God, a message to these people that they aren't the only ones on Earth and that there is a supreme being watching over all their little lives and that as far down the spiral of pain and how much hope they have lost, life still has it's rewards and happiness can still be found in the worst of lives. By showing that there is a God and that he created this world for us to live on, it suggests that we should use our lives wisely and that we are just another amazing creation of his in his world that helps maintain the balance of nature. People complain that there was no resolution that tied everyone together, but I think that it didn't have to be that way. The point of the film was a look on life, how bad it can be for people, and yet, how we as human beings can make it good and still find happiness and goodness even in the worst situations and pains of our lives. One of the very best films of the year! helpful•22 10 andy-227 Sep 18, 2000 FAQ4 Is this movie based on a book? Why is the title of the film 'Magnolia'? How are the characters connected? Details Edit Release date January 7, 2000 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English German French Also known as Mag·no'li·a Filming locations Reseda, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Ghoulardi Film Company New Line Cinema The Magnolia Project See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $37,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $22,455,976 Opening weekend US & Canada $193,604 Dec 19, 1999 Gross worldwide $48,451,803 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 8 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Paul Thomas Anderson’s ‘Licorice Pizza’: Film Review Nov 15The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV ‘Licorice Pizza’ Might Be Tasty Enough for Oscar Voters, but Needs a Dash More Bradley Cooper Nov 12Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Magnolia (1999) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.