Major Payne (1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110443/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Major Payne (1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Major Payne 19951995 PG-13PG-13 1h 35m IMDb RATING 6.3/10 34K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,767 1,338 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:28 1 Video 24 Photos AdventureComedyFamily A recently discharged Major finds himself commanding a group of mismatched Cadets.A recently discharged Major finds himself commanding a group of mismatched Cadets.A recently discharged Major finds himself commanding a group of mismatched Cadets. IMDb RATING 6.3/10 34K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,767 1,338 Director Nick Castle Writers Joe Connelly(story) Bob Mosher(story) William Roberts(earlier screenplay) Stars Damon Wayans Michael Ironside Bam Bam Bigelow Top credits Director Nick Castle Writers Joe Connelly(story) Bob Mosher(story) William Roberts(earlier screenplay) Stars Damon Wayans Michael Ironside Bam Bam Bigelow See production, box office & company info 79User reviews 18Critic reviews 34Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos1 Trailer 0:28 Major Payne Photos24 Top cast Edit Damon Wayans Maj. Benson Payneas Maj. Benson Payne Michael Ironside Lt. Col. Stoneas Lt. Col. Stone Bam Bam Bigelow Huge Bikeras Huge Biker Joseph Blaire Cadet Bryanas Cadet Bryan Orlando Brown Cadet Kevin 'Tiger' Dunneas Cadet Kevin 'Tiger' Dunne Peyton Chesson-Fohl Cadet Sgt. Johnsonas Cadet Sgt. Johnson Stephen Coleman Cadet Lelandas Cadet Leland Mark Conway Police Sergeantas Police Sergeant David DeHart Wellington Cadet Captainas Wellington Cadet Captain Joshua Todd Diveley New Cadetas New Cadet Robert Faraoni Jr. Smart Ass Soldieras Smart Ass Soldier Michael Gabel Lt. Wisemanas Lt. Wiseman Albert Hall Gen. Deckeras Gen. Decker William Hickey Dr. Phillipsas Dr. Phillips Ross Bickell Col. Braggartas Col. Braggart R.J. Knoll Blind New Cadetas Blind New Cadet Andrew Leeds Cadet Dotsonas Cadet Dotson (as Andrew Harrison Leeds) Dean Lorey Mr. Shipmanas Mr. Shipman Director Nick Castle Writers Joe Connelly(story) Bob Mosher(story) William Roberts(earlier screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.3 The Little Rascals 5.7 Beethoven 6.7 Heavyweights 7.8 The Sandlot 6.4 Little Giants 7.0 Cool Runnings 6.5 The Private War of Major Benson 6.0 Free Willy 7.5 Field of Dreams 6.2 Angels in the Outfield 6.9 My Wife and Kids 6.0 Twin Sitters Storyline Edit Major Benson Winifred Payne is being discharged from the Marines. Payne is a killin' machine, but the wars of the world are no longer fought on the battlefield. A career Marine, he has no idea what to do as a civilian, so his commander finds him a job - commanding officer of a local school's JROTC program, a bunch or ragtag losers with no hope. Using such teaching tools as live grenades and real bullets, Payne starts to instill the Corps with some hope. But when Payne is recalled to fight in Bosnia, will he leave the Corps that has just started to believe in him, or will he find out that killin' ain't much of a livin'? —Michael Silva <silvamd@cleo.bc.edu> drill instructorgerman shepherd dogcharacter name as titlearmy majoryoung delinquent77 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Welcome to the House of Payne. Genres Adventure Comedy Family Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some crude humor and behavior Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia To research his character, Damon Wayans endured several weeks of DI qualification training, learning the requirements of a Marine Corps Drill Instructor, as well as other aspects of Marine Corps training. Viewers can see several small things he does like the cadence of his walk, almost unconsciously correcting his cover after berating & getting in the face of each cadet, and the list goes on. A common sentiment among former DI's, not only in the Marines, but in all other branches, is their statement that one most be akin to an improvisational or stand-up comedian as a DI, since they constantly have to improvise on the spot, break down the cadets, come up with statements on the fly, and Wayans' prior experience as one was a huge asset. Goofs When Major Payne reports to Brigadier General Decker at the beginning of the film Payne salutes Decker without wearing his cover. U.S. Marines do not salute indoors unless, for instance, they're on some type of duty that requires them to be in full uniform including covers. Quotes Major Payne: Boy, I am two seconds from being on you like white on rice in a glass of milk on a paper plate in a snowstorm. I'm gonna put my foot so far up your ass, the water on my knee will quench your thirst. Alex Stone: Try it. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Dolores Claiborne/Funny Bones/Major Payne/Circle of Friends/Tall Tale: The Unbelievable Adventures of Pecos Bill (1995) Soundtracks Hey Mr. D.J. Written by Abdula Bard, DJ Kay Gee (as Keir Gist), Vin Rock (as Vincent Brown), Anthony 'Treach' Criss (as Anthony Criss), Renee Neufville, Jean Norris, Zane Grey, Leon Ware Performed by Zhane Courtesy of Epic Records by arrangement with Sony Music Licensing User reviews79 Review Top review No Payneful puns here... This film is a lot better than most would expect, largely because of two factors - the screenplay and the star. The script, while not particularly original in terms of its narrative, is superb in terms of its humour which is quite dark and dry in parts. "There's a monster in my closet" complains a frightened child. Not after Payne puts five bullets into the closed door. Payne's unconventional character is a riot and the film is balanced just right so that he doesn't become too annoying. And believe me, he has the potential to become very annoying, especially with THAT voice. Wayans delivers his dialogue in a manner almost reminiscent TV's The Nanny - nasal and grating. However, he performs with such dry sarcasm and a fantastic permanent grimace that he is a real stand-out, and ultimately the film probably wouldn't work as well with another actor in the role. For light entertainment value, 7/10 for Major Payne. helpful•22 3 Chandler81 Oct 27, 2002 Details Edit Release date March 24, 1995 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English Vietnamese Also known as Майор Пейн Filming locations Miller School of Albemarle - 1000 Samuel Miller Loop, Charlottesville, Virginia, USA Production companies Universal Pictures Wife 'n' Kids See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $29,412,050 Opening weekend US & Canada $7,011,225 Mar 26, 1995 Gross worldwide $30,112,050 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 35 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Amazon Prime Video New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New On Amazon Prime Video For November 2021: Daily Listings For Streaming TV, Movies & More Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Major Payne (1995) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.