Malcolm X (1992) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104797?ref_=rlm
Malcolm X (1992) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Malcolm X 19921992 PG-13PG-13 3h 22m IMDb RATING 7.7/10 91K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,371 54 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:46 7 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaHistory Biographical epic of the controversial and influential Black Nationalist leader, from his early life and career as a small-time gangster, to his ministry as a member of the Nation of Islam.Biographical epic of the controversial and influential Black Nationalist leader, from his early life and career as a small-time gangster, to his ministry as a member of the Nation of Islam.Biographical epic of the controversial and influential Black Nationalist leader, from his early life and career as a small-time gangster, to his ministry as a member of the Nation of Islam. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 91K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,371 54 Director Spike Lee Writers Alex Haley(book "The Autobiography of Malcolm X") Malcolm X(book "The Autobiography of Malcolm X") Arnold Perl(screenplay) Stars Denzel Washington Angela Bassett Delroy Lindo Top credits Director Spike Lee Writers Alex Haley(book "The Autobiography of Malcolm X") Malcolm X(book "The Autobiography of Malcolm X") Arnold Perl(screenplay) Stars Denzel Washington Angela Bassett Delroy Lindo See production, box office & company info 204User reviews 86Critic reviews 73Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 19 wins & 24 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 2:46 Malcolm X Clip 1:14 Essential Black Films of the 1990s Clip 2:03 A Guide to Spike Lee Joints Clip 3:05 Spike Lee: Four Decades of 'Wake Up!' Clip 3:55 The Rise of John David Washington Interview 2:57 Denzel Washington on His IMDb Best-Known Movies Video 2:31 Which Roles Did Samuel L. Jackson Turn Down? Photos103 Top cast Edit Denzel Washington Malcolm Xas Malcolm X Angela Bassett Betty Shabazzas Betty Shabazz Delroy Lindo West Indian Archieas West Indian Archie Spike Lee Shortyas Shorty Albert Hall Bainesas Baines Al Freeman Jr. Elijah Muhammadas Elijah Muhammad Theresa Randle Lauraas Laura Kate Vernon Sophiaas Sophia Lonette McKee Louise Littleas Louise Little Tommy Hollis Earl Littleas Earl Little James McDaniel Brother Earlas Brother Earl Ernest Thomas Sidneyas Sidney Jean-Claude La Marre Benjamin 2Xas Benjamin 2X (as Jean LaMarre) O.L. Duke Peteas Pete Larry McCoy Sammyas Sammy Maurice Sneed Cadillacas Cadillac Debi Mazar Pegas Peg Phyllis Yvonne Stickney Honeyas Honey Director Spike Lee Writers Alex Haley(book "The Autobiography of Malcolm X") Malcolm X(book "The Autobiography of Malcolm X") Arnold Perl(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.6 The Hurricane 8.0 Do the Right Thing 6.9 He Got Game 6.6 Mo' Better Blues 7.8 Glory 6.8 She's Gotta Have It 7.3 Antwone Fisher 6.6 Jungle Fever 7.7 Philadelphia 7.1 John Q 7.7 Training Day 7.8 Remember the Titans Storyline Edit Biograpical epic of Malcolm X, the legendary African American leader. Born Malcolm Little, his father (a Garveyite Baptist minister) was killed by the Ku Klux Klan. Malcolm became a gangster, and while in jail discovered the Nation of Islam writings of Elijah Muhammad. He preaches the teachings when let out of jail, but later on goes on a pilgrimage to the city of Mecca, there he converts to the original Islamic religion and becomes a Sunni Muslim and changes his name to El-Hajj Malik Al-Shabazz. He is assassinated on February 21, 1965 and dies a Muslim martyr. —Anonymous islamnation of islamafrican americanblack activistcivil rights166 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Biography Drama History Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for a scene of violence, and for drugs and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The image of Denzel Washington holding the M1 Carbine and peering out the curtains is a direct visual recreation of an iconic photo that appeared in LIFE magazine. Goofs Malcolm watches television news footage of race riots, including the March 1965 attack on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama and the 1967 Newark, New Jersey Riots. Both incidents took place after Malcolm was assassinated in February 1965. Quotes Malcolm X: We were discussing the disciples. What color were they? Chaplain Gill: Well, I don't think we know that for certain. Malcolm X: But they were Hebrews, were they not? Chaplain Gill: That's right. Malcolm X: As was Jesus. Jesus was also a Hebrew. Chaplain Gill: Why don't you just ask your question. Malcolm X: What color were the original Hebrews? Chaplain Gill: I have told you - that we don't know that for certain. Malcolm X: Then you can't believe for certain - that Jesus was white. Chaplain Gill: Just - just a moment. Just a moment. God is white. [pointing to a painting of a white Jesus hanging on the wall] Chaplain Gill: Isn't it obvious? Malcolm X: Well, that [nodding to the painting] Malcolm X: is obvious, but we don't know if it's obvious that God is white. The honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches us that Jesus did not have blond hair and blue eyes. The honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches us that the images of Jesus that are on prison walls and churches throughout the world are not historically correct; because, history teaches us that Jesus was born in a region where the people had color. There's proof in the very Bible that you've asked us to read in Revelations, first chapter, verses 14 and 15, that Jesus had hair like wool and feet the color of brass. Chaplain Gill: Just - just what're you saying? Malcolm X: l'm not saying anything. l'm proving to you that Jesus was *not*, and I quote one of my lndian brothers here, he was not a paleface. Amen. Crazy credits At the end of the credits the film is dedicated to Alex Haley, author of the book the movie is based on. There is also a picture of the book and a special note that says: "Read 'The Autobiography of Malcolm X'" Connections Edited from JFK (1991) Soundtracks Someday We'll All Be Free Written by Donny Hathaway (as Donny E. Hathaway) and Edward U. Howard Used by permission of WB Music Corp. and Kuumba Music Publishing Company Produced by Arif Mardin Performed by Aretha Franklin Courtesy of Artista Records, Inc. User reviews204 Review Top review 10/10 Epic film does justice to its subject. Spike Lee struggled mightily to get 'Malcolm X' made, financially and artistically. But when all was said and done, he produced an epic blockbuster and a definite treatment of the man's life. There's great differences between the two as well, but to me Lee has many things in common with Oliver Stone. Both of them seem to have been born to make films. Both of them are uncompromising in bringing their artistic (and moral) vision to the screen, and neither will try to seduce the public by catering to their tastes. Both present their own interpretation of facts without apology. (For example, from what I've read it's not certain that Malcolm's father was actually killed by Klansmen. But Lee isn't in the same league as Stone when it comes to playing fast and loose with the "truth.") Stone even ends his movie 'Nixon' in a similar way to 'Malcolm X,' with footage of real-life figures blended in, though I'm not accusing Stone of imitation. This movie has an epic sweep and scope and as a director Lee is up to the challenge. He is served well by being able to direct in several styles, one of which is almost cartoonish: witness the scene where Malcolm (Denzel Washington) and Shorty (played by Lee himself) go stepping out at the Roseland Ballroom, resplendent in their zoot suits. Some comic relief is welcome at times because otherwise the serious, heavy message of the picture might be overwhelming. For instance, the movie opens with a full-screen shot of an American flag while we hear a voice-over of one of Malcolm's most rousing, or inflammatory speeches, depending on how you look at it ("I accuse the white man of being the greatest murderer on the planet!") The flag begins to burn and eventually forms a flaming 'X' as the fiery rhetoric continues. But if you haven't been scared away, the next scene shows the young man Malcolm Little in a funny situation, having his hair straightened by a concoction that threatens to burn off his scalp. Denzel Washington has won beaucoups of rightly-deserved accolades for his amazing performance in the title role. If you've ever heard or seen Malcolm X's speaking, you will be astounded at the similarities in tone and cadence. The illusion is so real one may not recognize that real archival footage of Malcolm is used late in the film. But this is not a case of style over substance here. Between Washington's talent and Lee's directing and screenwriting, an unforgettable character emerges. The film boasts other fine performances by Al Freeman, Jr. (especially good as Elijah Muhammad, a controversial figure in society, and eventually to Malcolm himself), Delroy Lindo, Albert Hall, Kate Vernon, Ernest Thomas and many others in its large cast. It's clear that Lee doesn't care for the Motion Picture Academy and they don't particularly care for him. But the snubbing he and his picture got at Oscar time would be comparable to Richard Attenborough and 'Ghandi' not being nominated the year that film was made. Ordinarily, one would think this film is the kind of production Hollywood loves to honor. But Academy Award nominations or not, the film 'Malcolm X' is like the man himself: impossible to ignore. helpful•115 36 Hermit C-2 Jun 19, 1999 FAQ2 Was Malcolm really killed by members of the Nation of Islam? Can Malcolm's conversion & rebirth to Islam be attributed to one person alone, namely Baines? Details Edit Release date November 18, 1992 (United States) Countries of origin United States Japan Languages Arabic English Also known as X Filming locations Egypt Production companies Largo International N.V. JVC Entertainment Networks 40 Acres & A Mule Filmworks See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $33,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $48,169,910 Opening weekend US & Canada $9,871,125 Nov 22, 1992 Gross worldwide $48,169,910 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 22 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Link Tank: Why the MCU Needs to Embrace Comic-Accurate X-Men Costumes Nov 16Den of Geek X-Men: Best Non-Mutant Supporting Characters Nov 13ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Malcolm X (1992)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.