Mank (2020) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt10618286?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=7d3670dd-c3ee-4de3-b51d-10e9f25d7da7&pf_rd_r=YEMZ1AZBWWCSYGFBCT81&pf_rd_s=center-22&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=oscars&ref_=fea_acd_ecw_bec_mank_lk3
Mank (2020) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Mank 20202020 RR 2h 11m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 68K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,581 36 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:01 12 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyComedyDrama 1930's Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing social critic and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish the screenplay of Citizen Kane (1941).1930's Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing social critic and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish the screenplay of Citizen Kane (1941).1930's Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing social critic and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish the screenplay of Citizen Kane (1941). IMDb RATING 6.9/10 68K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,581 36 Director David Fincher Writer Jack Fincher(screen play by) Stars Gary Oldman Amanda Seyfried Lily Collins Top credits Director David Fincher Writer Jack Fincher(screen play by) Stars Gary Oldman Amanda Seyfried Lily Collins See production, box office & company info 569User reviews 323Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 2 Oscars 55 wins & 262 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 1:01 Watch Now on Netflix Trailer 2:39 Official Trailer Trailer 1:00 Official Teaser Trailer 2:34 Mank Clip 1:02 Art of the Crew | Production Design Clip 1:01 Art of the Crew | Makeup and Hairstyling Clip 1:01 Art of the Crew | Cinematography Clip 1:10 Art of the Crew | Costume Design Clip 5:40 Amanda Seyfried on 'Mank,' Marion Davies, and David Fincher Clip 1:59 A Guide to the Films of David Fincher Clip 3:27 Golden Globes 2021 Nominations to Know Clip 3:00 'Mank' Disputes Who Wrote 'Citizen Kane' Photos163 Top cast Edit Gary Oldman Herman Mankiewiczas Herman Mankiewicz Amanda Seyfried Marion Daviesas Marion Davies Lily Collins Rita Alexanderas Rita Alexander Tom Pelphrey Joe Mankiewiczas Joe Mankiewicz Arliss Howard Louis B. Mayeras Louis B. Mayer Tuppence Middleton Sara Mankiewiczas Sara Mankiewicz Monika Gossmann Fraulein Fredaas Fraulein Freda Joseph Cross Charles Ledereras Charles Lederer Sam Troughton John Housemanas John Houseman Toby Leonard Moore David O. Selznickas David O. Selznick Tom Burke Orson Wellesas Orson Welles Charles Dance William Randolph Hearstas William Randolph Hearst Ferdinand Kingsley Irving Thalbergas Irving Thalberg Jamie McShane Shelly Metcalfas Shelly Metcalf Jack Romano Sid Perelmanas Sid Perelman Adam Shapiro George S. Kaufmanas George S. Kaufman John Churchill Charles MacArthuras Charles MacArthur Jeff Harms Ben Hechtas Ben Hecht Director David Fincher Writer Jack Fincher(screen play by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.9 Ma Rainey's Black Bottom 7.8 The Trial of the Chicago 7 7.8 Sound of Metal 7.5 Judas and the Black Messiah 7.4 Nomadland 7.5 Minari The Killer 7.1 Pieces of a Woman 7.1 One Night in Miami... Watch options 8.3 Citizen Kane Strangers 7.5 Promising Young Woman Storyline Edit 1940. Film studio RKO hires 24-year-old wunderkind Orson Welles under a contract that gives him full creative control of his movies. For his first film, he calls in washed-up alcoholic Herman J Mankiewicz to write the screenplay. That film is "Citizen Kane," and this is the story of how it was written. —grantss 1930s1940sscreenwriteralcoholiclos angeles california365 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Biography Comedy Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Gary Oldman wanted to wear elaborate prosthetic makeup to closely resemble the historical Herman J. Mankiewicz but was persuaded otherwise by David Fincher, who wanted minimal makeup for capturing a more intimate performance. Goofs In the first flashback scene featuring the meeting between the writers, Josef Von Sternberg, and David O. Selznick in 1930, the characters mention Universal Studios as the "horror studio" and mention titles such as Frankenstein and The Wolf Man. Frankenstein would not be filmed and released until the following year while The Wolf Man would not be made until 1941; 11 years after the scene takes place. Quotes Herman Mankiewicz: You cannot capture a man's entire life in two hours. All you can hope is to leave the impression of one. Crazy credits The Netflix logos at the beginning and end are in full color, despite the film being in black and white. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Nick Kroll/Lily Collins/Matt Berninger (2020) Soundtracks (If Only You Could) Save Me Music & Lyrics by Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross Produced by Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross Vocals by Adryon de León User reviews569 Review Top review 7/10 Solid slice of early film history I'm a huge fan of both "Citizen Kane" as well as David Fincher's films, so I was extremely excited to see this. Because of how much I enjoy Fincher's films as well as how good the trailers looked, I wanted to (safely) see it on a big screen rather than wait until Netflix. Needless to say, this is a good movie, but not a great one--and it does not quite live up to the quality one would expect from a Fincher film. The story focuses on Herman Mankiewicz (Gary Oldman,) the screenwriter who worked--often tempestuously--with Orson Welles to write "Citizen Kane." However, the amount of time the film spends on material related to "Citizen Kane" is relatively little. Instead, the film tends to focus more on Mank's political activity, personal life, ascent into the movie business, and alcoholism throughout the 1930s. Oldman does a good job playing Mank, and is completely believable in the role. As one can expect from a Fincher film, the editing and cinematography are top-notch. The stylish, black-and-white aesthetic that feels both slightly understated (in the best way possible) and posh is beautifully complemented by a relatively steady camera and editing techniques common to films of the 1930s and 40s. The screenplay is generally well-written as well, although it doesn't feel as taut as you would expect in a Fincher picture, and the leisurely pacing is very well done. Despite these strong qualities, "Mank" unfortunately is not quite great. The film develops Mank as a character, but he is portrayed in too static of a manner to really make for an engaging protagonist, or even one that can simply have clear ripple effects on the rest of the film's narrative and the characters around him. His characterization is not especially interesting. Fincher probably uses flashbacks a bit too much in the story, as many of the flashbacks to the early 1930s don't do too much to provide additional context to Mank as a character or the time period as a whole. Also, the supporting characters (such as the roles played by Amanda Seyfried and Lilly Collins) are not especially well-developed. As a result, the film doesn't completely work as a character study. However, it is still a generally well-acted and well-shot depiction of early film history that is worth seeing for viewers interested in the subject matter. 7/10 helpful•104 55 bastille-852-731547 Nov 21, 2020 FAQ2 What is the significance of Louis B Mayer dropping his handkerchief out of the car window after Irving Thalberg funeral? Details Edit Release date December 4, 2020 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Netflix Languages English German Latin Also known as 曼克 Filming locations Victorville, California, USA Production companies Blue Light Flying Studio Netflix Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 11 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 2.20 : 1 Related news ‘No Time to Die’ Sweeps VOD Charts as Netflix Originals Dominate the Streamer’s Top 10 Nov 15Indiewire Will Oscar Voters Say ‘I Love Nicole Kidman’ in Aaron Sorkin’s ‘Being the Ricardos’? Nov 14Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.