Men in Black (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119654/
Men in Black (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Men in Black 19971997 PG-13PG-13 1h 38m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 540K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 993 166 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:29 6 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureComedy A police officer joins a secret organization that polices and monitors extraterrestrial interactions on Earth.A police officer joins a secret organization that polices and monitors extraterrestrial interactions on Earth.A police officer joins a secret organization that polices and monitors extraterrestrial interactions on Earth. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 540K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 993 166 Director Barry Sonnenfeld Writers Lowell Cunningham(comic) Ed Solomon(screen story) Stars Tommy Lee Jones Will Smith Linda Fiorentino Top credits Director Barry Sonnenfeld Writers Lowell Cunningham(comic) Ed Solomon(screen story) Stars Tommy Lee Jones Will Smith Linda Fiorentino See production, box office & company info 377User reviews 165Critic reviews 71Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 22 wins & 39 nominations total Videos6 Trailer 2:29 Theatrical Version Clip 3:44 The Rise of Will Smith Clip 2:27 Which Roles Did Will Smith Turn Down? Clip 3:14 What We Know About The 'Untitled Men in Black Spin-Off' ... So Far Video 1:51 So '90s It Hurts: 'Men in Black' Video 2:37 Dates in Movie & TV History: March 2, 1961 - Men in Black Make First Contact Photos428 Top cast Edit Tommy Lee Jones Kayas Kay Will Smith Jayas Jay Linda Fiorentino Laurelas Laurel Vincent D'Onofrio Edgaras Edgar Rip Torn Zedas Zed Tony Shalhoub Jeebsas Jeebs Siobhan Fallon Hogan Beatriceas Beatrice (as Siobhan Fallon) Mike Nussbaum Gentle Rosenburgas Gentle Rosenburg Jon Gries Van Driveras Van Driver Sergio Calderón Joseas Jose Carel Struycken Arquillianas Arquillian Fredric Lehne INS Agent Janusas INS Agent Janus (as Fredric Lane) Richard Hamilton Deeas Dee Kent Faulcon 1st Lt. Jake Jensenas 1st Lt. Jake Jensen John Alexander Mikeyas Mikey Keith Campbell Perpas Perp Ken Thorley Zap-Em Manas Zap-Em Man Patrick Breen Mr. Redgickas Mr. Redgick Director Barry Sonnenfeld Writers Lowell Cunningham(comic) Ed Solomon(screen story) (screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.2 Men in Black II 6.8 Men in Black 3 7.1 I, Robot 7.2 I Am Legend 6.4 Hancock 7.0 Independence Day 5.6 Men in Black: International 7.0 World War Z 6.9 Bad Boys 7.6 300 6.6 Bad Boys II 6.4 The Day After Tomorrow Storyline Edit Based off of the comic book. Unbeknownst to other people, there is a private agency code named MiB. This agency is some kind of extra terrestrial surveillance corporation. Then, one of the agency's finest men only going by the name "K" (Tommy Lee Jones) , is recruiting for a new addition to the agency. He has chosen James Edwards (Will Smith) of the N.Y.P.D. Then, one day, a flying saucer crashes into Earth. This was an alien a part of the "Bug" race. He takes the body of a farmer (Vincent D'Onofrio) and heads to New York. He is searching for a super energy source called "The Galaxy". Now, Agents J and K must stop the bug before it can escape with the galaxy. —John Wiggins alienpantyhosesuperheroflying saucerlaser gun329 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Protecting the earth from the scum of the universe Genres Action Adventure Comedy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for language and sci-fi violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Vincent D'Onofrio researched his role as Edgar by watching a lot of bug documentaries. In order to achieve his character's distinctive walk, he put on knee braces so he couldn't bend his legs, and taped up his ankles. Goofs In the opening scene, which is set in Arizona (saguaro cacti are only found in the Sonora Desert), we see New York license plates on the cars. However, it is possible that the MIB drove from New York to one of those states as the guy was bringing immigrants over the border. Quotes Edwards: Why the big secret? People are smart. They can handle it. Kay: A person is smart. People are dumb, panicky dangerous animals and you know it. Fifteen hundred years ago everybody knew the Earth was the center of the universe. Five hundred years ago, everybody knew the Earth was flat, and fifteen minutes ago, you knew that humans were alone on this planet. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow. Edwards: What's the catch? Kay: The catch? The catch is you will sever every human contact. Nobody will ever know you exist anywhere. Ever. I'll give you to sunrise to think it over. [starts walking away] Edwards: [shouting after Kay] Hey! Is it worth it? Kay: Oh yeah, it's worth it... [starts walking again, stops and turns back briefly] Kay: ... if you're strong enough! Crazy credits The animals and aliens used in this film were in no way mistreated and all scenes in which they appeared were under strict supervision with the utmost concern for their handling. Alternate versions The version shown on Australian cable television is the uncut version with a PG rating Connections Edited into 5 Second Movies: Men in Black (2008) Soundtracks Men In Black Produced by Track Masters Co-produced by Will Smith Written by Will Smith, Patrice Rushen, Freddie Washington and Terri McFadden Performed by Will Smith featuring Cheryl Gamble (as Coko) Courtesy of Columbia Records User reviews377 Review Top review 9/10 Funny Sci-Fi. As Good As Ghostbusters. As I stated above, Men In Black is just as good as the sci-fi comedies Ghostbusters I and II. But instead of chasing ghost's we're chasing after rogue aliens. James (Will Smith) is an officer in the NYPD and one of the top officers. After a hard night, James is questioned by his own police force for allegedly killing a suspect who fell off a building. As James insists that the person was acting strangely, Agent K (Tommmy Lee Jones) comes in and takes him out. James is welcomed to a secret agency which keeps aliens in check. After a brief examination of his life, James (now Agent J) joins the agency. On his first day, suddenly K and J are on a mission to stop a massive cockroach from destroying Earth and starting a galactic war. The chemistry between Smith and Jones is hilarious. Smith has some great comedy scenes especially when he is using his new weapon, the Noisy Crickett and him trying to deliver a baby squid type creature. The aliens are smart, their inventive, and their just plain fun when seeing how they identify themselves and hide their identities. The story is funny and will keep you laughing at almost every scene. The presentation of aliens as everyday people trying to live normal lives in Manhattan is a lot more fun than the presentation of murderous aliens (Independence Day). Another great part is that the film isn't overblown with special effects of alien explosions and massive battles. Instead comedy and chemistry keeps this top comedy flowing. Men In Black. Starring: Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Linda Fiorentino, and Rip Torn. 4 1/2 out of 5 Stars. helpful•59 16 mOVIemAN56 May 15, 2005 FAQ7 How does Mikey notice the police officer and why does he suddenly attack him? What led Kay and Zed to pick Williams/Jay over all the other candidates who were obviously qualified? Jay is a hot head who also has an obvious problem with authority. Who is that guy with white long hair standing beside Frank the pug i that locksmith stand? Details Edit Release date July 2, 1997 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Sony Pictures Languages English Spanish Also known as 黑衣人 Filming locations Brooklyn Battery Tunnel Ventilator Shaft, Battery Park, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Amblin Entertainment Parkes/MacDonald Image Nation See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $90,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $250,690,539 Opening weekend US & Canada $51,068,455 Jul 6, 1997 Gross worldwide $589,390,539 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Sound mix DTS Dolby Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Will Smith Recalls Contemplating Killing His Dad Years After Childhood Trauma Nov 3E! Online Best Memoirs by Filmmakers: Akira Kurosawa, Oliver Stone, and More Nov 1Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Men in Black (1997) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.