Metropolis (1927) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0017136/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_111
Metropolis (1927) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Metropolis 19271927 Not RatedNot Rated 2h 33m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 168K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,628 488 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:01 2 Videos 99+ Photos DramaSci-Fi In a futuristic city sharply divided between the working class and the city planners, the son of the city's mastermind falls in love with a working-class prophet who predicts the coming of a... Read allIn a futuristic city sharply divided between the working class and the city planners, the son of the city's mastermind falls in love with a working-class prophet who predicts the coming of a savior to mediate their differences.In a futuristic city sharply divided between the working class and the city planners, the son of the city's mastermind falls in love with a working-class prophet who predicts the coming of a savior to mediate their differences. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 168K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,628 488 Director Fritz Lang Writers Thea von Harbou(screenplay) Fritz Lang(screenplay) Stars Brigitte Helm Alfred Abel Gustav Fröhlich Top credits Director Fritz Lang Writers Thea von Harbou(screenplay) Fritz Lang(screenplay) Stars Brigitte Helm Alfred Abel Gustav Fröhlich See production, box office & company info 521User reviews 220Critic reviews 98Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #111 Awards 6 wins & 6 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:01 Metropolis Clip 4:04 'The Platform' & Future Films From the IMDb Top 250 Photos163 Top cast Edit Brigitte Helm Mariaas Maria… Alfred Abel Johann (Joh) Fredersenas Johann (Joh) Fredersen Gustav Fröhlich Freder Fredersen - Joh Fredersens Sohnas Freder Fredersen - Joh Fredersens Sohn Rudolf Klein-Rogge Erfinder C.A. Rotwangas Erfinder C.A. Rotwang… Fritz Rasp Der Schmaleas Der Schmale… Theodor Loos Josaphatas Josaphat… Erwin Biswanger 11811 - Georgyas 11811 - Georgy Heinrich George Grot -Wärter der Herzmaschineas Grot -Wärter der Herzmaschine… Fritz Alberti Schöpferischer Menschas Schöpferischer Mensch (uncredited) … Grete Berger Arbeiterinas Arbeiterin (uncredited) … Olly Boeheim Arbeiterinas Arbeiterin (uncredited) … Max Dietze Arbeiteras Arbeiter (uncredited) … Ellen Frey Arbeiterinas Arbeiterin (uncredited) … Beatrice Garga Frau der ewigen Gärtenas Frau der ewigen Gärten (uncredited) … Heinrich Gotho Zermonienmeisteras Zermonienmeister (uncredited) … Dolly Grey Arbeiterinas Arbeiterin (uncredited) … Anny Hintze Frau der ewigen Gärtenas Frau der ewigen Gärten (uncredited) … Gottfried Huppertz Man Playing Violinas Man Playing Violin (uncredited) Director Fritz Lang Writers Thea von Harbou(screenplay) (novel) Fritz Lang(screenplay) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder 8.3 Ladri di biciclette 8.3 Citizen Kane Metropolis 8.1 La passion de Jeanne d'Arc 8.1 The General 8.2 The Gold Rush 8.1 Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari 8.5 City Lights 8.4 The Great Dictator 8.2 Det sjunde inseglet 8.3 Singin' in the Rain Storyline Edit Sometime in the future, the city of Metropolis is home to a Utopian society where its wealthy residents live a carefree life. One of those is Freder Fredersen. One day, he spots a beautiful woman with a group of children, she and the children quickly disappear. Trying to follow her, he is horrified to find an underground world of workers who apparently run the machinery that keeps the Utopian world above ground functioning. One of the few people above ground who knows about the world below is Freder's father, John Fredersen, who is the founder and master of Metropolis. Freder learns that the woman is called Maria, who espouses the need to join the "hands" - the workers - to the "head" - those in power above - by a mediator who will act as the "heart". Freder wants to help the plight of the workers in their struggle for a better life. But when John learns of what Maria is advocating and that Freder has joined their cause, with the assistance of an old colleague. an inventor called Rotwang, who turns out to be But their nemesis goes to works towards quashing a proposed uprising, with Maria at the centre of their plan. John, unaware that Rotwang has his own agenda., makes plans that include shutting down the machines, with the prospect of unleashing total anarchy both above and below ground. —Huggo dystopiarobotfuturisticexpressionismtower of babel237 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Fritz Lang's 1927 Masterpiece Now With 25 Minutes of Lost Footage (2010 re-release) Genres Drama Sci-Fi Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Much to Fritz Lang's dismay, Adolf Hitler and Joseph Goebbels were big fans of the film. Goebbels met with Lang and told him that he could be made an honorary Aryan despite his Jewish background. Goebbels told him "Mr. Lang, we decide who is Jewish and who is not." Lang left for Paris that very night. Goofs When Freder and Josaphat are climbing down into the miner's city, Freder is barefoot. When they are taking the children up the stairs, he has shoes again. Quotes Maria: HEAD and HANDS need a mediator. THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART! Worker #1: But where is our mediator, Maria - ? Maria: Wait for him! He will surely come! Worker #2: We will wait, Maria...! But not much longer - - ! Crazy credits Restoration based on the version in the Filmmuseum Munich and material preserved in the Bundesarchiv-Filmarchiv Alternate versions A version restored by the German Democratic Republic in the eighties runs 115 minutes (still shown on German TV sometimes). Connections Edited into Il volo (1975) User reviews521 Review Top review 9/10 The father of sci-fi cinema. Silent movies are not for everyone. Neither are subtitles. Those brave enough to view a movie with no sound and words that are far and few between should definitely enjoy this silent masterpiece. One of the biggest productions of its time, Metropolis still holds its own when set design and special effects are compared. But what Metropolis really has is orginality. This German-Expressionist film had such originality in everything from its costumes to its views of a future (modern) city that its ideas can still be seen everywhere in modern sci-fi. Star Wars's C-3PO was based on Bridgette Helm's robot. Dark City and Brazil both have Metropolis look-a-like cities. This is a very good movie. It's too bad most movies don't have its originality. helpful•102 21 PIST-OFF Apr 24, 1999 FAQ4 Is "Metropolis" based on a book? How did they shoot the rings around the machine when it was transforming into the guise of Maria? What are the differences between the 2001 Restoration and the 2010 Restoration? Details Edit Release date February 6, 1927 (France) Country of origin Germany Official site Official North American site for 2002 restoration Languages None German Also known as 大都会 Filming locations Berlin, Germany Production company Universum Film (UFA) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget DEM 6,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $1,236,166 Opening weekend US & Canada $19,386 Jul 14, 2002 Gross worldwide $1,349,711 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 33 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Silent(original release) Aspect ratio 1.33 : 1 Related news Dalibor Barić Introduces His Film "Accidental Luxuriance of the Translucent Watery Rebus" Nov 16MUBI Spencer Tracy in Fritz Lang’s Fury Available on Blu-ray November 9th From Warner Archive Oct 29WeAreMovieGeeks.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Metropolis (1927) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.