Midsommar (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8772262/
Midsommar (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Midsommar 20192019 RR 2h 28m IMDb RATING 7.1/10 263K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 83 28 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 13 Videos 99+ Photos DramaHorrorMystery A couple travels to Scandinavia to visit a rural hometown's fabled Swedish mid-summer festival. What begins as an idyllic retreat quickly devolves into an increasingly violent and bizarre co... Read allA couple travels to Scandinavia to visit a rural hometown's fabled Swedish mid-summer festival. What begins as an idyllic retreat quickly devolves into an increasingly violent and bizarre competition at the hands of a pagan cult.A couple travels to Scandinavia to visit a rural hometown's fabled Swedish mid-summer festival. What begins as an idyllic retreat quickly devolves into an increasingly violent and bizarre competition at the hands of a pagan cult. IMDb RATING 7.1/10 263K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 83 28 Director Ari Aster Writer Ari Aster Stars Florence Pugh Jack Reynor Vilhelm Blomgren Top credits Director Ari Aster Writer Ari Aster Stars Florence Pugh Jack Reynor Vilhelm Blomgren See production, box office & company info 3.5KUser reviews 428Critic reviews 72Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 28 wins & 77 nominations Videos13 Trailer 2:25 Official Trailer Trailer 1:27 Official Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:29 Midsommar Clip 2:35 How to Survive a Horror Movie in 2019 Clip 0:49 Weekend Box Office: July 5 to 7 Clip 2:27 'Midsommar' Trailer With Director's Commentary Clip 2:46 Most Anticipated Movies for Rest of 2019 Full Episode 3:18 What Horror Movies Terrified You as a Kid? Clip 4:00 WWE Superstar Paige Has the Best Interview Ever Video 1:26 The Comedy That Had Mary Elizabeth Winstead Crying by the End Video 0:50 The Trailer Trailer for the Week of June 24, 2019 Video 1:01 Happy Midsummer! Photos831 Top cast Edit Florence Pugh Danias Dani Jack Reynor Christianas Christian Vilhelm Blomgren Pelleas Pelle William Jackson Harper Joshas Josh Will Poulter Markas Mark Ellora Torchia Connieas Connie Archie Madekwe Simonas Simon Henrik Norlén Ulfas Ulf Gunnel Fred Sivas Siv Isabelle Grill Majaas Maja Agnes Westerlund Rase Dagnyas Dagny (as Agnes Rase) Julia Ragnarsson Ingaas Inga Mats Blomgren Oddas Odd Lars Väringer Stenas Sten Anna Åström Karinas Karin Hampus Hallberg Ingemaras Ingemar Liv Mjönes Ullaas Ulla Louise Peterhoff Hannaas Hanna Director Ari Aster Writer Ari Aster All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro 'Midsommar' Director Breaks Down the Trailer 'Midsommar' Director Breaks Down the Trailer Writer/director Ari Aster breaks down genre expectations, The Wicker Man influences, and how he wants audiences to feel after his "break-up film," Midsommar.Watch now 2:27 More like this 7.3 Hereditary 6.9 The VVitch: A New-England Folktale 7.7 Get Out 6.8 Us 7.5 The Lighthouse 7.3 It 5.7 Midsommer 7.5 The Conjuring 6.9 Munchausen Disappointment Blvd. 6.8 The Babadook 7.5 A Quiet Place Storyline Edit Dani (Florence Pugh) and Christian (Jack Reynor) are a young American couple with a relationship on the brink of falling apart. But after a family tragedy keeps them together, Christian invites a grieving Dani to join him and his friends on a trip to a once-in-a-lifetime midsummer festival in a remote Swedish village. What begins as a carefree summer holiday in the North European land of eternal sunlight takes a sinister turn when the insular villagers invite their guests to partake in festivities that render the pastoral paradise increasingly unnerving and viscerally disturbing. —A24 Releasing religious cultcultsummer festivalswedengrief242 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Let the festivities begin Genres Drama Horror Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for disturbing ritualistic violence and grisly images, strong sexual content, graphic nudity, drug use and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When the film was released in Sweden, rather than eliciting fear in the audience, many people laughed. Many Swedish critics praised the film as an excellent black comedy. Goofs The outfits the villagers of Hårga wear during the celebrations are vyshyvankas, which is part of the Ukrainian and Belarusian national costumes, not the national or regional costumes of Sweden and Hälsingland. Quotes Simon: So we just gonna ignore the bear then? Ingemar: It's a bear. Alternate versions A 171-minute long director's cut premiered at the Scary Movies XII film festival at the Lincoln Film Center. This version adds more graphic violence and extends many pre-existing scenes. Connections Featured in Chris Stuckmann Movie Reviews: Midsommar (2019) Soundtracks I.O.U Performed by Freeez Written by John Robie and Arthur Baker Produced by John Robie Courtesy of Beggars Banquet By arrangement with Beggars Group Media Limited User reviews3.5K Review Top review 7/10 This movie was a trip I'm not sure how but the movie had me on edge the entire time. You have to enjoy cinematography to really enjoy this. I left the movie like I just came down from a high. The whole thing felt like a bad trip afterwards, I was pleased and not at the same time but I think that's how we're meant to feel. It's a good change from super hero movies and terribly made horror movies. helpful•1K 602 palistineroyal Jul 6, 2019 FAQ5 Was the premise for this project influenced by the one-act play The Apple Tree, which had been sent out to a NYC theatrical company in July of 2018. Also the source for our own short feature, The Apple Tree? Or are we imagining the parallels in Midsommar plot elements to The Apple Tree? How much of this movie is accurate for the Swedish culture ? When Dani and the group first stop in the field, there were several other groups of outsiders (presumably to have come with other villagers). They are seen again when they arrive at Hälsingland, and then aren't heard from again not much long after. What happened to them? Details Edit Release date July 3, 2019 (United States) Countries of origin United States Sweden Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Languages English Swedish Also known as Midsommar: The Directors Cut Filming locations Budapest, Hungary Production companies A24 B-Reel Films Nordisk Film See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $9,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $27,426,361 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,560,030 Jul 7, 2019 Gross worldwide $47,967,636 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 28 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.00 : 1 Related news Director David Prior Talks ‘The Empty Man,’ ‘Voir’ & Netflix Becoming “Custodians To The Cinematic Experience” [Interview] Nov 5The Playlist Oscar Winner James Marsh to Direct Samuel Beckett Biopic ‘Dance First,’ Starring Gabriel Byrne (Exclusive) Nov 4Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Midsommar (2019) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.