Moneyball (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1210166/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Moneyball (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Moneyball 20112011 PG-13PG-13 2h 13m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 396K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 125 283 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:05 12 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaSport Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to assemble a baseball team on a lean budget by employing computer-generated analysis to acquire new players.Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to assemble a baseball team on a lean budget by employing computer-generated analysis to acquire new players.Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to assemble a baseball team on a lean budget by employing computer-generated analysis to acquire new players. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 396K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 125 283 Director Bennett Miller Writers Steven Zaillian(screenplay) Aaron Sorkin(screenplay) Stan Chervin(story) Stars Brad Pitt Robin Wright Jonah Hill Top credits Director Bennett Miller Writers Steven Zaillian(screenplay) Aaron Sorkin(screenplay) Stan Chervin(story) Stars Brad Pitt Robin Wright Jonah Hill See production, box office & company info 471User reviews 438Critic reviews 87Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 6 Oscars 29 wins & 82 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 2:05 International Version Trailer 2:34 Trailer #1 Clip 1:20 'Moneyball' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 0:40 "Island of Misfit Toys" Clip 0:48 "Biggest Fear" Clip 1:28 "Be a Leader" Clip 0:45 "Two Options" Clip 0:51 "Don't Go on the Internet" Clip 0:47 "Do You Believe in This Thing?" Clip 0:49 "What's Your Biggest Fear?" Video 3:40 What Roles Did Brad Pitt Miss Out On? Video 2:18 Movie Credits Quiz With the Cast of 'Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom' Photos203 Top cast Edit Brad Pitt Billy Beaneas Billy Beane Robin Wright Sharonas Sharon Jonah Hill Peter Brandas Peter Brand Philip Seymour Hoffman Art Howeas Art Howe Chris Pratt Scott Hattebergas Scott Hatteberg Stephen Bishop David Justiceas David Justice Reed Diamond Mark Shapiroas Mark Shapiro Brent Jennings Ron Washingtonas Ron Washington Ken Medlock Grady Fusonas Grady Fuson Tammy Blanchard Elizabeth Hattebergas Elizabeth Hatteberg Jack McGee John Polonias John Poloni Vyto Ruginis Pittaroas Pittaro Nick Searcy Matt Keoughas Matt Keough Glenn Morshower Ron Hopkinsas Ron Hopkins Casey Bond Chad Bradfordas Chad Bradford Nick Porrazzo Jeremy Giambias Jeremy Giambi Kerris Dorsey Casey Beaneas Casey Beane Arliss Howard John Henryas John Henry Director Bennett Miller Writers Steven Zaillian(screenplay) Aaron Sorkin(screenplay) Stan Chervin(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.8 The Big Short 7.7 The Social Network 7.6 The Blind Side 7.8 The Fighter 7.1 War Dogs 7.7 Ocean's Eleven 7.3 Coach Carter 7.5 Moneyball: Playing the Game A Christmas Carol 7.6 Fury 8.0 The Pursuit of Happyness 8.6 The Question Storyline Edit Oakland A's GM Billy Beane is handicapped with the lowest salary constraint in baseball. If he ever wants to win the World Series, Billy must find a competitive advantage. Billy is about to turn baseball on its ear when he uses statistical data to analyze and place value on the players he picks for the team. —Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) strategybaseballstatisticsbaseball moviejob offer44 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines What are you really worth? Genres Biography Drama Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Since there was no money to shoot in all the stadiums the Oakland Athletics visited, Dodger Stadium was dressed up as eight different ballparks. Goofs The movie takes place right after the 9/11 attacks, when most non-passengers would not be allowed to say goodbye to passengers at the gate, inside airport security, as Billy Beane does. However, Beane is allowed to because his daughter is flying as an unaccompanied minor; as her guardian, he is allowed to escort her through security to the gate even though he is not flying. Quotes Peter Brand: The Visalia Oaks and our 240 lb catcher Jeremy Brown, who as you know, scared to run to second base. This was in a game six weeks ago. This guy is going to start him off with a fastball. Jeremy's going to take him to deep center. Here's what's really interesting, because Jeremy's gonna do what he never does. He's gonna go for it. He's gonna around first and he's gonna go for it. Okay? [On the video, Jeremy trips and falls over first base] Peter Brand: This is all Jeremy's nightmares coming to life. Billy Beane: Awwww, they're laughing at him. Peter Brand: And Jeremy's about to find out why. Jeremy's about to realize that the ball went 60 feet over the fence. He hit a home run and didn't even realize it. Connections Featured in Conan: President Bjork Saves the Day (2011) Soundtracks New York New York Written by Fred Ebb and John Kander User reviews471 Review Top review 9/10 More than a game of numbers It has long been said that professional sports are more a game of politics than an actual game. Major League Baseball is not just a game of money, but in "Moneyball" it's a game of numbers versus a game of people. It's callousness at its highest when general managers trade away people as if they're objects with little regard for them or their family. Brad Pitt as Billy Beane, the GM of the Oakland As, seems to take that even further, treating people as if they are only numbers, and yet there was something refreshing and humanistic about the whole thing. It's 2001 and Oakland has just lost to the New York Yankees in the playoffs, not surprising, seeing as their payroll was 76 Million dollars less. The humour of "Moneyball" starts in the off-season when the team can't afford to keep their top players and Beane and his experienced scouts start tossing around some free agent ideas. One guy is no good because he frequents strip clubs too often, another guy is no good because his girlfriend is ugly, and on down the list they go. But then Beane meets Yale-educated, economics-, mathematics-, and computer-whiz, baseball fan, Peter Brand (Jonah Hill). He has no experience and he doesn't know these players. He doesn't know if they stand funny or if they swing ugly. He only knows their stats and their salary. A lot of people took offense to Beane's approach of degrading players down to the sum total of their on-base percentage and runs-in potential. But I liked it. Since the game of baseball isn't changing any time soon and players will always just be elements that can help win games and make more money, why not view them as numbers rather than as people with ugly girlfriends? Like Peter Brand, I like numbers. It's a movie about doing more with less, so I think we're just supposed to ignore the irony that they needed an excessively high budget to make it. In fact, it cost Sony Pictures more money to make this movie than it cost the Oakland A's to field their entire team for a season. Oh well, only one lesson for Hollywood at a time, and I still liked the movie. For a movie about people trying to change the game of baseball, it's only fitting that they are changing the sports genre. This isn't about the team and how many games they're going to win. As in all cases, they win some and they lose some. And we really only meet one player, the rest are just names thrown in the air. The movie is about Billy Beane, a real person, and a multi-dimensional character. At first he realizes that he is going to have to play the game with more than just money, and then after he makes it about numbers too, he finds a balanced statistical and personal concept. "Moneyball" says that the game is about money, but the movie is about people. Writer Aaron Sorkin knows how to write people, and as evidenced by "The Social Network" (2010), he also knows how to turn computer-programming into riveting cinema. We find humour in the least-expected of places, we find heart in the least-expected of people, and 'Moneyball" gives us a completely enjoyable movie that becomes so much more than numbers. helpful•130 21 napierslogs Oct 1, 2011 FAQ1 What is the name of the song that his daughter sings in the end? Details Edit Release date September 23, 2011 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Sony Pictures (United States) Language English Also known as 点球成金 Filming locations Fenway Park - 4 Jersey Street, Boston, Massachusetts, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Scott Rudin Productions Michael De Luca Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $50,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $75,605,492 Opening weekend US & Canada $19,501,302 Sep 25, 2011 Gross worldwide $110,206,216 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 13 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Aaron Sorkin Thinks Recent Facebook News Makes Potential ‘Social Network’ Sequel “A Story Very Much Worth Telling” Nov 12The Playlist ‘The Cube’ Creator Adam Adler Joins ITV Studios’ Potato As Creative Director; Label Rolled In With Gameface Nov 11Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.