Mononoke-hime (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119698/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_67
Mononoke-hime (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Mononoke-hime 19971997 PG-13PG-13 2h 14m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 368K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,543 185 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 3 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationActionAdventure On a journey to find the cure for a Tatarigami's curse, Ashitaka finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and Tatara, a mining colony. In this quest he also meets San, th... Read allOn a journey to find the cure for a Tatarigami's curse, Ashitaka finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and Tatara, a mining colony. In this quest he also meets San, the Mononoke Hime.On a journey to find the cure for a Tatarigami's curse, Ashitaka finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and Tatara, a mining colony. In this quest he also meets San, the Mononoke Hime. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 368K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,543 185 Director Hayao Miyazaki Writers Hayao Miyazaki(original story) Neil Gaiman(adapted by: English version) Stars Yôji Matsuda(voice) Yuriko Ishida(voice) Yûko Tanaka(voice) Top credits Director Hayao Miyazaki Writers Hayao Miyazaki(original story) Neil Gaiman(adapted by: English version) Stars Yôji Matsuda(voice) Yuriko Ishida(voice) Yûko Tanaka(voice) See production, box office & company info 763User reviews 211Critic reviews 76Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #67 Awards 13 wins & 6 nominations Videos3 Trailer 0:31 Official Trailer Clip 2:12 A Guide to the Films of Hayao Miyazaki Clip 1:26 Princess Mononoke: The Collected Works of Hayao Miyazaki Photos171 Top cast Edit Yôji Matsuda Ashitakaas Ashitaka (voice) Yuriko Ishida Sanas San (voice) … Yûko Tanaka Eboshi-gozenas Eboshi-gozen (voice) Billy Crudup Ashitakaas Ashitaka (English version) (voice) Billy Bob Thornton Jigoas Jigo (English version) (voice) Minnie Driver Lady Eboshias Lady Eboshi (English version) (voice) John DiMaggio Gonzaas Gonza (English version) (voice) … Claire Danes Sanas San (English version) (voice) John DeMita Kohrokuas Kohroku (English version) (voice) Jada Pinkett Smith Tokias Toki (English version) (voice) Gillian Anderson Moroas Moro (English version) (voice) Keith David Okkotoas Okkoto (English version) (voice) … Corey Burton Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (English version) (voice) Tara Strong Kayaas Kaya (English version) (voice) (as Tara Charandoff) … Julia Fletcher Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (English version) (voice) (as Julia DeMita) Debi Derryberry Hii-samaas Hii-sama (English version) (voice) … Alex Fernandez Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (English version) (voice) Jack Fletcher Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (English version) (voice) Director Hayao Miyazaki Writers Hayao Miyazaki(original story) Neil Gaiman(adapted by: English version) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Kaze no tani no Naushika 8.5 Hotaru no haka 8.4 Kimi no na wa. 7.7 Kurenai no buta 7.8 Kaze tachinu 8.2 Koe no katachi 8.4 Oldeuboi 8.5 Back to the Future 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.0 Akira 8.4 Memento 6.4 Gedo senki Storyline Edit While protecting his village from rampaging boar-god/demon, a confident young warrior, Ashitaka, is stricken by a deadly curse. To save his life, he must journey to the forests of the west. Once there, he's embroiled in a fierce campaign that humans were waging on the forest. The ambitious Lady Eboshi and her loyal clan use their guns against the gods of the forest and a brave young woman, Princess Mononoke, who was raised by a wolf-god. Ashitaka sees the good in both sides and tries to stem the flood of blood. This is met by animosity by both sides as they each see him as supporting the enemy. —Christopher Taguchi forestcurseanimeprincessstudio ghibli124 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Live on. Genres Animation Action Adventure Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for images of violence and gore Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Harvey Weinstein obtained the North-American distribution rights to Princess Mononoke, he approached director Hayao Miyazaki and insisted on a shorter version of the film that would be better attuned to American audiences. However, Miyazaki was still so upset by the heavily cut version of his Kaze no tani no Naushika (1984) (released as 'Warriors of the Wind') that he angrily left the meeting. Several days later, Studio Ghibli producer Toshio Suzuki sent a katana sword to Weinstein's office with 'NO CUTS' embedded into its blade. The film was later released in the USA in its uncut version. When asked about the incident in an interview, Miyazaki simply smiled and stated "I defeated him". Goofs When Ashitaka first visits the Forest Spirits home, he spots the Spirit's traces (shape of his hooves) underneath the water surface. But later in the movie, the spirit is seen as a walking surface, which is regarded as a goof. It isn't. The spirit, shishigami, can do whatever it pleases. Quotes Osa: Life is suffering. It is hard. The world is cursed. But still, you find reasons to keep living. Crazy credits There are no opening credits. Alternate versions When aired on Canadian cable channel, YTV, a slightly different earlier "rough-cut" version of the English dub aired instead of the theatrical version. This version features some different dialogue such as in the scene where Lady Eboshi first sees San, she calls her "Wolf beast" instead of "Princess Mononoke". The singing of the movie's theme is also left in Japanese and not dubbed into English for this version. Connections Featured in Princess Mononoke: How the film was conceived (1998) Soundtracks Mononoke-Hime/Princess Mononoke Theme Song (Japanese vocal version) Lyrics By Hayao Miyazaki Vocals by counter-tenor Yoshikazu Mera Music composed by Joe Hisaishi Music performed by Tokyo City Philharmonic Orchestra and conducted by Hiroshi Kumagai User reviews763 Review Top review 10/10 Stunning and sharp (in any language) I saw this film in Japan, in Japanese with no sub-titles, I don't speak a word of the language and I was still enthralled! It is Miyazaki most visually intense (surpassing, at long last, Nausicaa) and is alive with color and movement the like not yet seen in anime. The story is complex, and after talking with Japanese friends, it is clear that much of it went over my head (particularly that relating to specific Japanese myths), but the important elements came through. Miyazaki's long infatuation with technology verses nature and man's relation to God (or gods) weave throughout the film as does his trend for strong women characters. Even with the language barrier, the film is of such intense emotion that it caries you through to the end. The change in dynamic between the crashing fight scenes and the quiet scenes of healing by the lake is so broad and so well paced that I can't remember a film where my emotional state was so expertly varied. If you have a chance to see this film, in any language, I recommend you do. helpful•146 27 seamas Jan 11, 1999 FAQ6 Is 'Princess Mononoke' based on a book? How is "Hime" pronounced? Who is Princess Mononoke? Details Edit Release date May 1, 1998 (China) Country of origin Japan Official site Official site Language Japanese Also known as 幽灵公主 Production companies DENTSU Music And Entertainment Nibariki Nippon Television Network (NTV) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget ¥2,400,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $4,845,631 Opening weekend US & Canada $144,446 Oct 31, 1999 Gross worldwide $169,785,704 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 14 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Festival Skills – Short Written and Non Written Forms. Communication and Audience Development Oct 1AsianMoviePulse International Insider: Turmoil In Afghanistan; Nicole Kidman Isolation Backlash; Viacom & Comcast Unveil SkyShowtime; Rip Sean Lock & Sonny Chiba Aug 20Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Mononoke-hime (1997) in Mexico?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.