Monsters, Inc. (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0198781/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_230
Monsters, Inc. (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Monsters, Inc. 20012001 GG 1h 32m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 857K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 811 102 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:23 8 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureComedy In order to power the city, monsters have to scare children so that they scream. However, the children are toxic to the monsters, and after a child gets through, two monsters realize things ... Read allIn order to power the city, monsters have to scare children so that they scream. However, the children are toxic to the monsters, and after a child gets through, two monsters realize things may not be what they think.In order to power the city, monsters have to scare children so that they scream. However, the children are toxic to the monsters, and after a child gets through, two monsters realize things may not be what they think. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 857K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 811 102 Directors Pete Docter David Silverman Lee Unkrich Writers Pete Docter(original story by) Jill Culton(original story by) Jeff Pidgeon(original story by) Stars Billy Crystal(voice) John Goodman(voice) Mary Gibbs(voice) Top credits Directors Pete Docter David Silverman Lee Unkrich Writers Pete Docter(original story by) Jill Culton(original story by) Jeff Pidgeon(original story by) Stars Billy Crystal(voice) John Goodman(voice) Mary Gibbs(voice) See production, box office & company info 743User reviews 248Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #230 Won 1 Oscar 15 wins & 38 nominations total Videos8 Trailer 1:23 3D Re-release Version Trailer 1:01 Monsters Inc. Clip 2:01 Monsters, Inc. Clip 1:56 Monsters, Inc. Clip 1:35 Monsters, Inc. Featurette 2:27 3D Version Featurette 1:11 Monsters Inc. Featurette 1:16 Monsters Inc. Photos254 Top cast Edit Billy Crystal Mikeas Mike (voice) John Goodman Sullivanas Sullivan (voice) Mary Gibbs Booas Boo (voice) Steve Buscemi Randallas Randall (voice) James Coburn Waternooseas Waternoose (voice) Jennifer Tilly Celiaas Celia (voice) Bob Peterson Rozas Roz (voice) John Ratzenberger Yetias Yeti (voice) Frank Oz Fungusas Fungus (voice) Daniel Gerson Needleman & Smittyas Needleman & Smitty (voice) Steve Susskind Floor Manageras Floor Manager (voice) Bonnie Hunt Flintas Flint (voice) Jeff Pidgeon Bileas Bile (voice) Samuel Lord Black George Sandersonas George Sanderson (voice) (as Sam Black) Jack Angel Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Bob Bergen Schmidtas Schmidt (voice) Rodger Bumpass Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Gino Conforti Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Directors Pete Docter David Silverman Lee Unkrich Writers Pete Docter(original story by) Jill Culton(original story by) Jeff Pidgeon(original story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.3 Toy Story 8.2 Up 8.2 Toy Story 3 7.2 Monsters University 8.4 WALL·E 8.1 Inside Out 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.0 The Incredibles 8.0 Ratatouille 7.9 Toy Story 2 8.5 The Lion King Storyline Edit A city of monsters with no humans called Monstropolis centers around the city's power company, Monsters, Inc. The lovable, confident, tough, furry blue behemoth-like giant monster named James P. Sullivan (better known as Sulley) and his wisecracking best friend, short, green cyclops monster Mike Wazowski, discover what happens when the real world interacts with theirs in the form of a 2-year-old baby girl dubbed "Boo," who accidentally sneaks into the monster world with Sulley one night. And now it's up to Sulley and Mike to send Boo back in her door before anybody finds out, especially two evil villains such as Sulley's main rival as a scarer, chameleon-like Randall (a monster that Boo is very afraid of), who possesses the ability to change the color of his skin, and Mike and Sulley's boss Mr. Waternoose, the chairman and chief executive officer of Monsters, Inc. —Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} monster worldmonsterhuman nonhuman relationshipportal doorscream132 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Monsters, Inc. : We Scare Because We Care Genres Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Mary Gibbs was so young that it proved difficult to get her to stand in the recording studio and act her lines. Instead, they simply followed her around with a microphone and cut Boo's lines together from the things she said while she played. Goofs When Sulley runs into the locker room to shove the toys from Boo's room into a locker, he is seen putting them into locker #193 then slamming the door with both hands. When the camera angle changes, he removes his hands from locker #190 even though his hands never moved from the locker between shots. Quotes [last lines] Sulley: Boo? Boo: Kitty! Crazy credits No monsters were harmed in the making of this motion picture. Alternate versions In the International version, the slogan 'We Scare Because We Care' doesn't appear on the TV set. However, Waternoose still says the slogan. Also, many other picture inscriptions (like the title of Waternoose as chairman of Monsters, Inc.) are omitted from the TV advertising and from other ad posters seen later during the film. Connections Featured in Troldspejlet: Troldspejlet Special: Monsters, Inc. (2002) Soundtracks If I Didn't Have You Music and Lyrics by Randy Newman Performed by Billy Crystal and John Goodman Produced by Randy Newman, Chris Montan, and Frank Wolf User reviews743 Review Top review Superb animation, a most inventive story, fun for the whole family. "Monsters Inc" came out on DVD this week, and now I have my own copy!! It is not very useful to try to evaluate this one against others since such an evaluation is so subjective. But I put it in the same superb category that such animated films as "Toy Story", "A Bug's Life", "Shrek", and "Disney's Tarzan" are in. First, the quality of the animation and the picture quality. Unbelievably good. I can categorically say it is the best picture quality I have seen on DVD, and the movement and facial expressions of the animated characters makes it almost feel like they are real. Second, the story. How inventive! The only thing separating the monster world from the real world are the doors. The company, Monsters Inc, must have millions of them in inventory, computerized for quick call-up to send in a monster to get screams and charge up their energy cells. The main characters are voiced by John Goodman (big, blue, hairy "kitty" with purple spots) and Billy Crystal (short, green, one-eyed monster) and their acting add so much. Plus the great music provided by Randy Newman. Overall an hour and a half of pure edge of your seat entertainment. And that doesn't even include the 3+ hours of extras on the second disk. You can select either standard or widescreen format, and I watched mine widescreen on a 16:9 HDTV with 5-channel surround system with powered subwoofer. Almost like being in a theater!! helpful•53 11 TxMike Sep 19, 2002 FAQ10 Is 'Monsters, Inc.' based on a book? Why are the monsters being trained to infiltrate the bedrooms of sleeping human children? Why are the monsters so afraid of human children? Details Edit Release date November 2, 2001 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Pixar Language English Also known as 怪兽电力公司 Filming locations Pixar Animation Studios - 1200 Park Avenue, Emeryville, California, USA Production companies Pixar Animation Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $115,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $290,642,256 Opening weekend US & Canada $62,577,067 Nov 4, 2001 Gross worldwide $579,707,738 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 32 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Fantasy Animated Drama ‘Hawkmaster’ In The Works At Fox From Ex-Pixar Pair Mark Andrews & Andrew Gordon & Oded Turgeman Oct 4Deadline Film + TV Monsters at Work Review (Spoiler-Free) Jul 2Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Monsters, Inc. (2001)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.