Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071853/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_134
Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Monty Python and the Holy Grail 19751975 PGPG 1h 31m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 521K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,496 72 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:29 5 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureComedyFantasy King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table embark on a surreal, low-budget search for the Holy Grail, encountering many, very silly obstacles.King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table embark on a surreal, low-budget search for the Holy Grail, encountering many, very silly obstacles.King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table embark on a surreal, low-budget search for the Holy Grail, encountering many, very silly obstacles. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 521K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,496 72 Directors Terry Gilliam Terry Jones Writers Graham Chapman John Cleese Eric Idle Stars Graham Chapman John Cleese Eric Idle Top credits Directors Terry Gilliam Terry Jones Writers Graham Chapman John Cleese Eric Idle Stars Graham Chapman John Cleese Eric Idle See production, box office & company info 810User reviews 112Critic reviews 91Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #134 Awards 3 wins & 3 nominations Videos5 Trailer 2:29 Trailer Trailer 2:30 Monty Python and the Holy Grail: 40th Anniversary Trailer 3:44 Monty Python and the Holy Grail Trailer 1:26 Monty Python and the Holy Grail Clip 2:04 John C. Reilly and Steven Coogan Show Us the Real 'Stan & Ollie' Photos141 Top cast Edit Graham Chapman King Arthuras King Arthur… John Cleese Second Swallow-Savvy Guardas Second Swallow-Savvy Guard… Eric Idle Dead Collectoras Dead Collector… Terry Gilliam Patsyas Patsy… Terry Jones Dennis's Motheras Dennis's Mother… Michael Palin First Swallow-Savvy Guardas First Swallow-Savvy Guard… Connie Booth The Witchas The Witch Carol Cleveland Zootas Zoot… Neil Innes First Monkas First Monk… Bee Duffell Old Croneas Old Crone John Young Dead Bodyas Dead Body… Rita Davies Historian's Wifeas Historian's Wife Avril Stewart Dr. Pigletas Dr. Piglet Sally Kinghorn Dr. Winstonas Dr. Winston Mark Zycon Prisoneras Prisoner Elspeth Cameron Girl in Castle Anthraxas Girl in Castle Anthrax Mitsuko Forstater Girl in Castle Anthraxas Girl in Castle Anthrax Sandy Johnson Knight of Nias Knight of Ni… Directors Terry Gilliam Terry Jones Writers Graham Chapman John Cleese Eric Idle All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Life of Brian 7.5 The Meaning of Life 8.8 Monty Python's Flying Circus 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.2 Die Hard 8.2 Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus 7.9 Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 7.6 And Now for Something Completely Different 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.5 Back to the Future Storyline Edit History is turned on its comic head when, in tenth-century England, King Arthur travels the countryside to find knights who will join him at the Round Table in Camelot. Gathering up the men is a tale in itself but after a bit of a party at Camelot, many decide to leave only to be stopped by God, who sends them on a quest: to find the Holy Grail. After a series of individual adventures, the knights are reunited but must face a wizard named Tim the Enchanter, killer rabbits and lessons in the use of holy hand grenades. Their quest comes to an end however when the Police intervene - just what you would expect in a Monty Python movie. —garykmcd holy grailmonty pythonkiller rabbitknightcamelot370 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You can do worse than see it. Genres Adventure Comedy Fantasy Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, and Genesis all contributed to this movie's budget. Goofs Given the fact that this movie breaks the fourth wall constantly, many crew/equipment goofs may be deliberate. In the final scene, characters even call attention to the film crew as part of the story. Quotes Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see. Sir Lancelot: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I am not afraid. Bridgekeeper: What... is your name? Sir Lancelot: My name is Sir Lancelot of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Sir Lancelot: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour? Sir Lancelot: Blue. Bridgekeeper: Go on. Off you go. Sir Lancelot: Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. Sir Robin: That's easy. Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see. Sir Robin: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I'm not afraid. Bridgekeeper: What... is your name? Sir Robin: Sir Robin of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Sir Robin: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is the capital of Assyria? [pause] Sir Robin: I don't know that. [he is thrown over the edge into the volcano] Sir Robin: Auuuuuuuugh. Bridgekeeper: Stop. What... is your name? Galahad: Sir Galahad of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Galahad: I seek the Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour? Galahad: Blue. No, yel... [he is also thrown over the edge] Galahad: auuuuuuuugh. Bridgekeeper: Hee hee heh. Stop. What... is your name? King Arthur: It is 'Arthur', King of the Britons. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? King Arthur: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow? King Arthur: What do you mean? An African or European swallow? Bridgekeeper: Huh? I... I don't know that. [he is thrown over] Bridgekeeper: Auuuuuuuugh. Sir Bedevere: How do know so much about swallows? King Arthur: Well, you have to know these things when you're a king, you know. Crazy credits All the credits are at the beginning. There are no credits at the end. The screen goes black after the movie ends with the depiction of the end of the physical film reel, then organ music is played over the black screen for about 4 minutes before the movie finally ends. Alternate versions The 2001 special edition features alternative dialogue when Arthur and Bedevere meet Rodger the Shrubber. Connections Edited into The Lord of the Rings (1978) Soundtracks Camelot Song (Knights of the Round Table) Words by Graham Chapman and John Cleese Music by Neil Innes User reviews810 Review Top review 10/10 The reason Robin Williams isn't in a nut house. This is perhaps one of the greatest, funniest parodies in the history of film. I think the greatest definition of irony is that to be believably stupid on screen, you have to be very intelligent. This is a rare occasion where something can be so stupid that it's funny, with the addition of feeling you got your money's worth at the end. Examples of failures would be anchorman, austin powers, scary movie etc. The gore and clichés of three headed, and goofy "NI!" yelling knights are what give this movie discreet beauty. Did I mention that the acting is also very good for a movie of this sort. All of the main characters, as they do in the series, take on numerous characters, all of whom are well established and each have their quirks about them. This was a well written, well thought out, and perfectly directed, low budget comedy. The funniest of any monty python film, and amongst the top comedies of all time. I laughed from beginning to end and bruised one of my lungs. I highly recommend this film to anyone. This is living proof that all you need is a good script and good actors. helpful•336 87 uckpshh Oct 3, 2004 FAQ5 Why does Tim the Enchanter all of a sudden disappear when Arthur and his knights charge at the killer rabbit? What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow? What are the differences between the theatrical cut and the Extended Cut? Details Edit Release date May 25, 1975 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Languages English French Latin Also known as 巨蟒与圣杯 Filming locations Castle Stalker, Appin, Argyll and Bute, Scotland, UK Production companies Python (Monty) Pictures Michael White Productions National Film Trustee Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget £229,575 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $1,827,696 Opening weekend US & Canada $45,487 Jun 17, 2001 Gross worldwide $1,940,906 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 31 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono(original release) Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1(originally intended ratio) Related news The Two Sights Review: Joshua Bonnetta Examines the Scottish Outer Hebrides with Soothing Minimalism Oct 22The Film Stage ‘Searching for Mr. Rugoff’ Review: A Loving Tribute to One Man’s Big Screen Dreams Aug 13Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975) in Brazil?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.