Mortal Kombat (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0293429/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_63
Mortal Kombat (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Mortal Kombat 20212021 RR 1h 50m IMDb RATING 6.1/10 150K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 63 64 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:01 10 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy MMA fighter Cole Young seeks out Earth's greatest champions in order to stand against the enemies of Outworld in a high stakes battle for the universe.MMA fighter Cole Young seeks out Earth's greatest champions in order to stand against the enemies of Outworld in a high stakes battle for the universe.MMA fighter Cole Young seeks out Earth's greatest champions in order to stand against the enemies of Outworld in a high stakes battle for the universe. IMDb RATING 6.1/10 150K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 63 64 Director Simon McQuoid Writers Greg Russo(screenplay by) Dave Callaham(screenplay by) Oren Uziel(story by) Stars Lewis Tan Jessica McNamee Josh Lawson Top credits Director Simon McQuoid Writers Greg Russo(screenplay by) Dave Callaham(screenplay by) Oren Uziel(story by) Stars Lewis Tan Jessica McNamee Josh Lawson See production, box office & company info 2.6KUser reviews 267Critic reviews 44Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos10 Trailer 1:01 Official Trailer Trailer 2:31 Official Trailer Trailer 1:01 Mortal Kombat Trailer 2:31 Mortal Kombat Clip 7:42 Opening Seven Minutes Clip 2:38 IMDbrief: Candyman, Chucky, & More Horror Reboots Coming for You Interview 3:09 Getting Into Character with the Cast of 'Mortal Kombat' Interview 2:12 Which 'Mortal Kombat' Cast Member Would Fight With Dorothy's Ruby Slippers? Promo 1:00 HBO Max 2021 Same Day Premieres, New Originals and More Promo 1:47 HBO Max: Same Day Premieres Trailer Photos536 Top cast Edit Lewis Tan Cole Youngas Cole Young Jessica McNamee Sonya Bladeas Sonya Blade Josh Lawson Kanoas Kano Joe Taslim Bi-Hanas Bi-Han… Mehcad Brooks Jaxas Jax Matilda Kimber Emilyas Emily Laura Brent Allisonas Allison Tadanobu Asano Lord Raidenas Lord Raiden Hiroyuki Sanada Hanzo Hasashias Hanzo Hasashi… Chin Han Shang Tsungas Shang Tsung Ludi Lin Liu Kangas Liu Kang Max Huang Kung Laoas Kung Lao Sisi Stringer Mileenaas Mileena Mel Jarnson Nitaraas Nitara Nathan Jones Reikoas Reiko Daniel Nelson Kabalas Kabal Ian Streetz Ramirezas Ramirez Yukiko Shinohara Harumi Hasashias Harumi Hasashi Director Simon McQuoid Writers Greg Russo(screenplay by) (story by) Dave Callaham(screenplay by) Oren Uziel(story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.8 Mortal Kombat 6.4 Godzilla vs. Kong 8.1 Zack Snyder's Justice League 6.6 The Tomorrow War Watch options 3.7 Mortal Kombat: Annihilation 7.3 The Suicide Squad 7.5 John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum: HBO First Look 7.4 Nobody 6.3 The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It 6.9 Aquaman 7.1 Wrath of Man 7.0 Shazam! Storyline Edit MMA fighter Cole Young (Lewis Tan), accustomed to taking a beating for money, is unaware of his heritage-or why Outworld's Emperor Shang Tsung (Chin Han) has sent his best warrior, Sub-Zero (Joe Taslim), an otherworldly Cryomancer, to hunt Cole down. Fearing for his family's safety, Cole goes in search of Sonya Blade (Jessica McNamee) at the direction of Jax (Mehcad Brooks), a Special Forces Major who bears the same strange dragon marking Cole was born with. Soon, he finds himself at the temple of Lord Raiden (Tadanobu Asano), an Elder God and the protector of Earthrealm, who grants sanctuary to those who bear the mark. Here, Cole trains with experienced warriors Liu Kang (Ludi Lin), Kung Lao (Max Huang) and rogue mercenary Kano (Josh Lawson), as he prepares to stand with Earth's greatest champions against the enemies of Outworld in a high stakes battle for the universe. But will Cole be pushed hard enough to unlock his arcana-the immense power from within his soul-in time to save not only his family but to stop Outworld once and for all? —Warner Bros. based on video gamegoregraphic violencereboottwo word title341 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Get over here. Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong bloody violence and language throughout, and some crude references Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Hiroyuki Sanada tried to prepare for his role as Hanzo Hasashi/Scorpion by playing Mortal Kombat video games. "Of course I was beaten every time, just losing and losing," he laughs. "But I kept at the games to keep learning the stories, the background and the characters. It was so much fun." Goofs In the first fighting scene, Bi Han slammed Hanzo Hasashi's head on a huge rock, there's a blood splatter seen on the rock but Hanzo's head seems to be fine. And when they move from the rock, the blood splatter disappeared. Quotes Scorpion: GET OVER HERE! [pulls Sub-Zero to him] Crazy credits The Warner Bros logo appears with fire burning beneath it, while the New Line Cinema logo gets covered in ice. Fire and ice are the powers of Mortal Kombat rivals Scorpion and Sub-Zero. Connections Featured in Jeremy Jahns: Mortal Kombat - Official Trailer (My Thoughts) (2021) Soundtracks I'm Your Puppet Written by Dan Penn and Spooner Oldham (as Lindon Oldham) Performed by James & Bobby Purify Courtesy of RCA Records By arrangement with Sony Music Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd User reviews2.6K Review Top review 5/10 Such a missed opportunity Pros: The Opening Sequence is AMAZING!!! The Fight Choreography is great. Hiroyuki Sanada is the BEST Actor in this movie. Sub-Zero actually feels very threatening. Cons: THERE'S NO MORTAL KOMBAT IN THIS MORTAL KOMBAT MOVIE!!!!!! WTF is the point of Cole Young? All these amazing original MK characters and the studio says make a new character as the lead. TERRIBLE Decision!!! Lewis Tan is not a good actor especially considering he's the lead! In fact most of the actors either didn't fit their character or weren't trying hard enough. The Dialogue is BAD. Especially when using the lines from the game. Felt so forced! So many wasted characters: Reptile, Goro, Kabal, Kung Lao etc. Liu Kang, Raiden and Jax were all underused. The villains, aside from Sub-Zero, we're very flat and unthreatening. The script is WEAK. They should've scrapped it and started fresh. I was cautiously looking forward to this. I really loved the games as a kid and the trailer looked great! Sadly, the trailer is the best thing about this film. Every decision feels like a misstep. I don't know who decided to not have the MK Tournament but that was such a mistake. The film has no urgency without it and honestly just felt like they were stalling for time the entire film just to set up a sequel. It's like they were checking boxes with each scene with nothing authentic holding it together. You really don't feel anything for the characters outside of Sub-Zero and Scorpion, and Scorpion is only in two scenes. This whole film feels like a missed opportunity. The animated film Scorpion's Revenge is still the best MK adaptation to date. If you enjoyed this film, I'm happy for you but I struggled to keep watching it. 5/10. helpful•311 185 FinalSmash1689 Apr 23, 2021 FAQ8 Will this be connected in any way to the Mortal Kombat: Legacy series? The MK video game series is famed for its over-the-top gory finishing moves. Can the audience expect/hope to finally get a properly R-rated film adaption that properly represents this trademark? Can someone tell if there is any post credits scene? Details Edit Release date April 23, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Site Languages English Japanese Chinese Also known as Mortal Kombat 3 Filming locations Adelaide Studios, 226 Fullarton Road, Glenside, South Australia, Australia Production companies New Line Cinema Atomic Monster Broken Road Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $55,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $42,201,013 Opening weekend US & Canada $23,302,503 Apr 25, 2021 Gross worldwide $83,601,013 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 50 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital IMAX 6-Track Auro 11.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Red Notice’: Dwayne Johnson, Gal Gadot & Ryan Reynolds Netflix Movie KOs ‘Shang-Chi’ In Streaming Debut Per Samba TV Nov 15Deadline Film + TV Casting Guild of Australia reveals 2021 award nominations Nov 7IF.com.au Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.