Movie News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/news/movie/?ref_=hm_nw_mv_tb
Movie News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Movie News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News House of Gucci breakout Madalina Ghenea is set to take the lead in upcoming shark survival thriller Deep Fear, starring alongside Gossip Girl‘s Ed Westwick. Set in the Caribbean, Deep Fear is described as an “intense and visceral survival thriller with furious action throughout.” Directed by Marcus Adams (Long Time Dead, Octane, The Marksman) with the screenplay co-written by Robert Capelli Jr. (The Rules (for Men), Mail Order Bride) and Sophia Eptamentis (Invincible Summer, What Exit?), Deep Fear is produced Brilliant Pictures’ Sean O’Kelly (Marin Call, Iron Sky) and Marc Bikindou (Black Dahlia, Deception) together with Halo Pictures’ Engelbert Grech (The Raft, Heroes in the Sky) and ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 by Jordan Moreau Variety - Film News After starring in the first “Lethal Weapon” movie more than 30 years ago, Mel Gibson is in talks to direct the upcoming “Lethal Weapon 5,” Variety has confirmed. The fifth entry of the classic action franchise has been in development for several years, with Richard Wenk (“The Equalizer”) writing the most recent draft of the script. Richard Donner, who directed and produced all four previous “Lethal Weapon” films, had been working to develop a fifth installment, but he died on July 5, 2021, at 91, putting the plans in limbo. Donner’s wife, Lauren Schuler Donner, will produce the film, alongside Rideback’s Dan Lin. Jonathan Eirich of Rideback and Derek Hoffman of The Donners’ Company will executive produce. Speaking at an event in London, Gibson let it slip that he would take over directing duties from Donner, fulfilling the late director’s wishes. “He was developing the screenplay and he got pretty far along with it. See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 by Brent Lang Variety - Film News Something strange happened to Penélope Cruz as she rehearsed on the set of “Parallel Mothers.” Whenever the crew would come to collect the doll she was using as a stand-in for a flesh-and-blood baby, Cruz tensed up. She became combative. It didn’t matter that it was only a toy — she refused to surrender her child. “It freaked me out,” remembers Cruz. “When the prop department would take the doll, I went psycho. It was my baby. I felt something deep in myself that was like if you take the fucking doll from me, I’m going to hit you.” That primal instinct and protective flame would serve Cruz well when it came to putting “Parallel Mothers,” the story of two women whose children are switched at birth, on the screen. The film, which marks her eighth collaboration with Pedro Almodóvar, is one of the most psychologically rich and surprising of their partnerships, See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 by Jazz Tangcay Variety - Film News Disney and Pixar have released a new trailer for the animated feature “Turning Red,” and it showcases new music from Grammy-winning singer and songwriter Billie Eilish and Finneas. “Turning Red” is set to be released on March 11, 2022, and it’s a coming-of-age story featuring a 13-year-old girl, Mei, set in the early 2000s. Director Domee Shi says, “We needed our character Mei to be obsessed with something that her mom would not approve of. Boy bands were the first step into the world of boys for a lot of girls that age. The guys were all super pretty, polished, soft and loving, and they had of a way of bringing girls and their besties together. Plus, I thought it’d be really cool to create an animated boy band.” Eilish and Finneas contribute three new songs to 4*Town, the fictional band in the movie. “Nobody Like U” is featured in the new trailer. See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Ghostbusters: Afterlife review – defanged retread that is lacking in spirit and laughs 17 November 2021 by Peter Bradshaw The Guardian - Film News Smalltown sequel takes the action away from the city that made it exciting and turns it into a sub-Spielberg kids’ fantasy adventure The Ghostbusters franchise now gets a pointless and ill-suited sequel-iteration, co-written and directed by Jason Reitman that never quite acknowledges the tonal confusion created by introducing a new type of nice, non-bustable ghost. In an obtuse way, this film takes the story out of the big city (where ghosts swarmed excitingly and hilariously like rats), moves it out to smalltown Oklahoma, and tries to reinvent the whole thing as a sub-Spielbergian fantasy adventure with an adorable bunch of teens and tweens in the ghostbusting forefront. It is here where original ghostbuster Dr Egon Spengler (once played by the late Harold Ramis) lived in reclusive retirement, worried about a mighty devil-spirit lurking in a nearby abandoned mine. He has left his tumbledown mansion to his grownup daughter, hard-up single See full article at The Guardian - Film News » Permalink Report this Cynthia Nixon, Saurav Vishnu Team for ‘Tailing Pond’ Documentary Series, Short Film to Bow on ShortsTV (Exclusive) 17 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety - Film News Saurav Vishnu’s award-winning documentary short “Tailing Pond” is being expanded into a six-part documentary series with the involvement of “Sex and the City” actor Cynthia Nixon. Nixon narrated the documentary short, which investigates the horrifying effects of uranium extraction on the health of the indigenous population of Jadugora, Jharkhand in East India, where thousands of children are falling ill and dying from radioactive waste pollution. The film was shot in Jadugora over five years and explores the impact on health and human rights and how the villagers are living amid the situation. The documentary series will follow 12 new families in Jadugora who are suffering due to radioactive poisoning. “I think it’s a wonderful idea, and I would, of course, want to be involved,” Nixon told Variety. “Anything that I can do to bring attention and to get the word out, I would want to be there for.” Tailing See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this The Power of the Dog review – Jane Campion’s superb gothic western is mysterious and menacing 17 November 2021 by Peter Bradshaw The Guardian - Film News Slow-burning psychodrama about two warring brothers on a ranch in 1920s Montana is one of the director’s best Jane Campion’s first feature film in more than 10 years is a western gothic psychodrama: mysterious, malicious, with a lethal ending that creeps up behind you like a thief. Campion devotees will enjoy the scenes in which a large piano is carried into an uncivilised wilderness; eight philistine cowboys are required to heave this into the ranch-owner’s parlour, the culture totem in the desert. And it is on this that the new lady of the house, played by Kirsten Dunst, attempts to master Strauss’s Radetzky March, while her jeeringly malign new brother-in-law (played by Benedict Cumberbatch) deliberately puts her off by playing it as well on his banjo – thus disconcertingly revealing that for all his rough ways he is actually rather more talented musically than she is. It’s See full article at The Guardian - Film News » Permalink Report this Bruised review – Halle Berry’s Mma fighter keeps her eye on the prize 17 November 2021 by Peter Bradshaw The Guardian - Film News Berry brings energy and focus to her directing debut, in which she plays a burned-out mixed martial arts fighter on a comeback mission Halle Berry leaves it pretty late to turn on the energy for her directing debut – until the final round, in fact. But this fight movie, in which Berry herself plays a burned-out Mma fighter struggling to make a comeback, concludes with an extended showdown in which her character gets climactically in the cage with a ferocious UFC champ called Lady Killer, played by real-life martial artist Valentina Shevchenko, in front of a packed crowd eager for an ass-kicking. Berry makes it look good; she faces off with the real deal and she herself looks like a perfectly plausible deal. You’ll forgive the cliches and sentimentality that went before … just about. Berry plays Jackie Justice, a renowned fighter who was brutally beaten in her last match, as See full article at The Guardian - Film News » Permalink Report this Doc Thriller ‘Killing Escobar,’ Sold by Abacus Media Rights, Sells Robustly Worldwide (Exclusive) 17 November 2021 by John Hopewell Variety - Film News Abacus Media Rights has clinched rapid sales in more than half the world’s major territories on “Killing Escobar,” proving the enduring market appeal of one of Latin America’s most powerful IPs, Pablo Escobar – if producers find a new and unique way into his story. In the case of “Killing Escobar,” this comes via the extraordinary true account of Scottish mercenary and ex-Sas operative Peter McAleese who was hired by the notorious Cali Cartel to recruit and lead a 12-man team of ex-special forces commandos to assassinate the world’s biggest drug baron, Pablo Escobar. The hit is planned at the one place Escobar thinks he is safe: his Hacienda Nápoles luxury retreat near Medellín whose attractions included an African wildlife zoo and one of Al Capone’s automobiles. Narrated by McAleese himself, and driven by cinema-standard reconstruction of the actual nerve-biting mission, “Killing Escobar” mixes a combat See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea to Star in Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 by K.J. Yossman Variety - Film News Breakout “House of Gucci” star Madalina Ghenea is set to lead shark survival thriller “Deep Fear” alongside Ed Westwick. Ghenea, who plays classic movie star Sophia Loren in the fashion film, will take on the role of accomplished yachtswoman Naomi who embarks on a solo trip through the Caribbean to meet her boyfriend Jackson (played by Westwick) in Grenada. When a storm forces Naomi of course, she encounters survivors of a shipwreck who, it soon transpires, are actually drug traffickers. They force Naomi to dive into the hull of their sunken ship to retrieve their shipment of cocaine, where she encounters a frenzy of vicious tiger sharks, whom she must outwit to survive. Marcus Adams (“Long Time Dead”) directs a screenplay by Robert Capelli Jr (“The Rules (for Men)”) and Sophia Eptamentis (“Invincible Summer”). Brilliant Pictures’ Sean O’Kelly (“Marin Call”) and Marc Bikindou (“Black Dahlia”) produce alongside Halo Pictures’ Engelbert Grech See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this ‘Love Affair(s),’ ‘Ibrahim,’ ‘Night Doctor’ Win Prizes at Coloca’s 25th Anniversary Edition 17 November 2021 by Elsa Keslassy Variety - Film News Emmanuel Mouret’s “Love Affair(s),” Samir Guesmi’s “Ibrahim” and Elie Wajeman’s “Night Doctor” won top prizes at Colcoa, the French film and TV festival. The festival, which marked its 25th edition, wrapped at the DGA on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles on Nov. 7. It was attended by 14,000 people. The festival, programmed by Francois Truffart, is organized by the Franco-American Cultural Fund, a collaboration between the Directors Guild of America (DGA), the Motion Picture Association (MPA), The Writers Guild of America West (Wgaw) and France’s Society of Authors, Composers and Publishers of Music (Sacem). Colcoa shifted its spring dates to the fall in 2019 as the DGA was being renovated and is now ideally positioned at the start of the awards season in the U.S. The awards ceremony took place at the Sacem headquarters near Paris in the presence of many honorees, notably Guesmi and “Love Affair(s)” producer Frédéric Niedermayer, See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this ‘The Pebble and the Boy’ Review: British Mod Nostalgia Barely Fuels a Sputtering Scooter Road Movie 17 November 2021 by Guy Lodge Variety - Film News The U.K. mod revival of the late 1970s and 1980s was a retro-minded movement, albeit meshed a little with then-current trends: a bit of contemporary punk, a bit of midcentury Teddy Boy grease, all swirled together with a swagger that peaked in 1979’s time-capsule rock opera “Quadrophenia.” , “The Pebble and the Boy” forgets the present-day touch that made the earlier revival hip, presenting us with a pair of Zoomers on scooters who feel wholly middle-aged in conception and sensibility. The result is an exercise in retro-upon-retro nostalgia that feels as ill-defined as a Xerox of a Xerox, though die-hard dad mods will thrill to its styling and soundtrack. “Once a mod, always a mod” is the mantra repeated by multiple characters in the course of writer-director Chris Green’s leanly plotted film, which, even across a scant 80-minute running time, manages to repeat itself in more ways than that alone. See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Taskovski Films Picks Up IDFA Titles ‘Where Are We Headed,’ ‘For Your Peace of Mind, Make Your Own Museum’ (Exclusive) 17 November 2021 by Leo Barraclough Variety - Film News Taskovski Films has acquired two further documentaries: Ruslan Fedotov’s “Where Are We Headed,” which plays in International Competition at IDFA, and Pilar Moreno and Ana Endara Mislov’s “For Your Peace of Mind, Make Your Own Museum,” which plays in the festival’s Envision Competition. The sales agency recently picked up “Turn Your Body to the Sun,” which world premieres in the International Competition section of IDFA. “Where Are We Headed” is a year-long study of Russia’s capital conducted in the Moscow Metro, and captures the day-to-day life of ordinary city dwellers as well as momentous national occasions. “It is a study with elements of absurdist tragicomedy, with no central characters; instead, it is a wide-angle portrait of society with all the joys and challenges that it entails,” Taskovski commented. The producers are Fedotov, Nastia Korkia, Matvey Fiks and Simon Zakruzhnyy for Pinery. Fedotov’s first movie “Salamanca See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Gaga, Gucci and prison ferrets: how true crime conquered the world 17 November 2021 by Danny Leigh The Guardian - Film News Ridley Scott’s House of Gucci stars Lady Gaga in a tale of fashion and murder. But is true crime – once the soul of cinema, from thrillers and horrors to westerns – now outgrowing the big screen? What took you so long, House of Gucci? This story was destined to become a movie from the moment the bullet left fashion heir Maurizio Gucci dead outside his Milan office in March 1995 – shot, a witness said, by a hitman with a “beautiful, clean hand”. The film by Ridley Scott now finally arrives dripping with star power, and Lady Gaga as Gucci’s ex-wife Patrizia Reggiani. But the story alone was enough: a glittering tickbox of money, revenge and a villainess kept company in jail by an illicit pet ferret called Bambi. True crime gold. So why, now that the film is actually here, does the Gucci case feel a strange fit for a movie after all? See full article at The Guardian - Film News » Permalink Report this The Morning Watch: Incredibles 2 Animation Progression, Ryan Reynolds Does Antiques Roadshow & More 17 November 2021 by Ethan Anderton Slash Film (The Morning Watch is a recurring feature that highlights a handful of noteworthy videos from around the web. They could be video essays, fan-made productions, featurettes, short films, hilarious sketches, or just anything that has to do with our favorite movies and TV shows.) In this edition, Pixar Animation has released a breakdown of the animation progression for one of the action-packed sequences from "Incredibles 2." Plus, see how Ryan Reynolds fares on "Antiques Roadshow" when he tries to pawn off a "family" heirloom as his character from Netflix's movie "Red Notice." And finally, listen as "Lord of the Rings" trilogy stars Dominic Monaghan and... The post The Morning Watch: Incredibles 2 Animation Progression, Ryan Reynolds Does Antiques Roadshow & More appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this Is Spider-Man: No Way Home Setting The Stage For A Sinister Six Movie? 17 November 2021 by Joshua Meyer Slash Film Once upon a time, Sony had plans for a "Sinister Six" movie, with Drew Goddard attached to direct. This was back in 2014 when Andrew Garfield was still Spider-Man. "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" spent time setting up villains for "Sinister Six," but the film was a critical and commercial disappointment and it wound up being Garfield's last outing as Spidey. Plans for the "Sinister Six" fell apart, and two years later, Tom Holland would make his debut as the Marvel Studios version of Spider-Man in "Captain America: Civil War." Sony still holds the movie rights to all... The post Is Spider-Man: No Way Home Setting the Stage for a Sinister Six Movie? appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this Won't You Say You Love Peacock For Giving Us The Barney The Dinosaur Documentary We've Always Wanted 17 November 2021 by Anya Stanley Slash Film If you're happy and you know it, "Add to List." A three-part documentary about beloved (and loathed) childhood staple Barney the Dinosaur has begun production at Peacock, the streamer announced. The project is said to concern itself with the rise and legacy of Barney, the purple anthropomorphic T-rex who sang and danced his way into the hearts of school-aged children everywhere throughout the '90s. Singing nauseatingly catchy songs (but the kids love them) like "The Green Grass Grows All Around" and "Mr. Knickerbocker," the perpetually optimistic creature was an easy target for cynics who would spoof the show's... The post Won't You Say You Love Peacock for Giving Us the Barney the Dinosaur Documentary We've Always Wanted appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this Filmmaker Leads Brooklyn Demonstration for ‘Halyna’s Law,’ a Motion to Ban Real Guns From Film Sets 17 November 2021 by Antonio Ferme Variety - Film News Filmmaker Bandar Albuliwi staged a rally outside of Barclays Center in Brooklyn on Sunday afternoon to bring attention to Halyna’s Law, proposed legislation he is supporting to ban real guns and live ammunition on film sets. Albuliwi’s demonstration was a response to the death of Halyna Hutchins, the cinematographer who was fatally shot when a firearm held by Alec Baldwin accidentally discharged during rehearsal on the set of the independent Western “Rust.” Albuliwi, like Hutchins an AFI Conservatory alumnus, has delayed pre-production on his upcoming series “Sex Addict(s)” in order to campaign for “Halyna’s Law.” The filmmaker described his AFI fellows as a “tight knit family” that he stays in contact with, some of whom worked with Hutchins on the set of “Rust.” “I heard some horror stories from my friends that walked off the movie,” Albuliwi told Variety. “Everything was building up over the course See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Hawkeye Director Teases Yelena Belova And Clint's First Meeting: 'We Know Their Past' 17 November 2021 by Jeremy Mathai Slash Film Man, Hawkeye just can't catch a break. With the exception of (the now-late) Natasha Romanoff, Clint Barton is the only member of the Avengers without any actual superpowers -- no, "Can shoot a bow and arrow really, really well" would not fly on a superhero résumé and you shouldn't let it count, either. He spent almost the entirety of 2012's "The Avengers" under Loki's mind control, he almost got killed in the opening sequence of "Avengers: Age of Ultron," he lost his entire family to Thanos' snap and subsequently went off the deep end in "Avengers: Endgame." Oh, and he also lost his best friend,... The post Hawkeye Director Teases Yelena Belova and Clint's First Meeting: 'We Know Their Past' appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this Spider-Man: No Way Home Trailer Just Confirmed The Return Of Some Familiar Spidey Villains 17 November 2021 by Ryan Scott Slash Film As promised, Sony and Marvel dropped that much-anticipated brand new trailer for "Spider-Man: No Way Home" tonight. They even went so far as to have a big premiere event for it in Los Angeles. Well, for fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe it seems the big show was worth it as the new footage has confirmed the return of some familiar villains from the past. Tom Holland's Peter Parker is going to have his hands full with much more than just Alfred Molina's Doc Ock this time around. The previous trailer concluded with the big Doc Ock reveal, bringing back... The post Spider-Man: No Way Home Trailer Just Confirmed the Return of Some Familiar Spidey Villains appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. Top News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News See All Top News » TV News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Critics Choice Awards Voters’ Guide: 2022 TV Races Heat Up, Thanks in Great Part to ‘Squid Game’ 17 November 2021 Variety - TV News See All TV News » Celebrity News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News Host Gifts That Will Make You the Best Guest Ever 17 November 2021 E! Online See All Celebrity News » Indie News ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ New Trailer: Tom Holland Battles Doc Ock, Green Goblin, and Electro 17 November 2021 Indiewire Best Harry Potter Merchandise and Collectibles for Every Kind of Fan 17 November 2021 Indiewire Leonardo DiCaprio and ‘Don’t Look Up’ Cast Spent Two Days Improvising One 16-Minute Scene 16 November 2021 Indiewire Michael Keaton and ‘Dopesick’ FYC Event Make for a Hot Hollywood Ticket 16 November 2021 Indiewire Recommendation Machine: The ‘Party Down’ Revival Is a Great Excuse to Watch the Show (Again) 16 November 2021 Indiewire See All Indie News » Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.