Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0031679/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_196
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Mr. Smith Goes to Washington 19391939 PassedPassed 2h 9m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 112K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:37 1 Video 86 Photos ComedyDrama A naive youth leader is appointed to fill a vacancy in the U.S. Senate. His idealistic plans promptly collide with corruption at home and subterfuge from his hero in Washington, but he tries... Read allA naive youth leader is appointed to fill a vacancy in the U.S. Senate. His idealistic plans promptly collide with corruption at home and subterfuge from his hero in Washington, but he tries to forge ahead despite attacks on his character.A naive youth leader is appointed to fill a vacancy in the U.S. Senate. His idealistic plans promptly collide with corruption at home and subterfuge from his hero in Washington, but he tries to forge ahead despite attacks on his character. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 112K YOUR RATING Rate Director Frank Capra Writers Sidney Buchman(screen play) Lewis R. Foster(story) Myles Connolly(contributor to screenplay construction and dialogue) Stars James Stewart Jean Arthur Claude Rains Top credits Director Frank Capra Writers Sidney Buchman(screen play) Lewis R. Foster(story) Myles Connolly(contributor to screenplay construction and dialogue) Stars James Stewart Jean Arthur Claude Rains See production, box office & company info 323User reviews 97Critic reviews 73Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #196 Won 1 Oscar 6 wins & 16 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 1:37 Mr. Smith Goes To Washington Photos86 Top cast Edit James Stewart Jefferson Smithas Jefferson Smith Jean Arthur Saundersas Saunders Claude Rains Senator Joseph Paineas Senator Joseph Paine Edward Arnold Jim Tayloras Jim Taylor Guy Kibbee Governor Hopperas Governor Hopper Thomas Mitchell Diz Mooreas Diz Moore Eugene Pallette Chick McGannas Chick McGann Beulah Bondi Ma Smithas Ma Smith H.B. Warner Senate Majority Leaderas Senate Majority Leader Harry Carey President of the Senateas President of the Senate Astrid Allwyn Susan Paineas Susan Paine Ruth Donnelly Mrs. Hopperas Mrs. Hopper Grant Mitchell Senator MacPhersonas Senator MacPherson Porter Hall Senator Monroeas Senator Monroe H.V. Kaltenborn H.V. Kaltenbornas H.V. Kaltenborn Charles Lane Noseyas Nosey Pierre Watkin Senate Minority Leaderas Senate Minority Leader Dick Elliott Carl Cookas Carl Cook Director Frank Capra Writers Sidney Buchman(screen play) Lewis R. Foster(story) Myles Connolly(contributor to screenplay construction and dialogue) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 It Happened One Night 7.9 The Philadelphia Story 8.2 To Be or Not to Be 8.2 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre 7.9 Mr. Deeds Goes to Town 8.1 Gone with the Wind 8.1 On the Waterfront 8.1 Rebecca 7.9 You Can't Take It with You 8.1 The General 8.3 Double Indemnity 8.2 Judgment at Nuremberg Storyline Edit Naive and idealistic Jefferson Smith, leader of the Boy Rangers, is appointed on a lark by the spineless governor of his state. He is reunited with the state's senior senator--presidential hopeful and childhood hero, Senator Joseph Paine. In Washington, however, Smith discovers many of the shortcomings of the political process as his earnest goal of a national boys' camp leads to a conflict with the state political boss, Jim Taylor. Taylor first tries to corrupt Smith and then later attempts to destroy Smith through a scandal. —James Yu <jamestyu@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu> united states capitol buildingu.s. senatorplace name in titlewashington d.c.filibuster153 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines OUR OPERATOR SAYS.."IT'S GOING TO BE A PLEASURE TO RUN "MR. SMITH GOES TO WASHINGTON" 5 DAYS STARTING SUNDAY, NOV.7) (print ad - Lubbock Morning Avalanche - Cactus Theatre - Lubbock Texas - November 2, 1938 - all caps) Genres Comedy Drama Certificate Passed Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Bitterly denounced by Washington insiders angry at its allegations of corruption, yet banned by fascist states in Europe who were afraid it showed that democracy works. Goofs Under the Standing Rules of the Senate governing debate, Senator Paine would not technically have been allowed to attack Senator Smith's character and accuse him of graft. The rule states: "No Senator in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator." Quotes Jefferson Smith: You see, boys forget what their country means by just reading The Land of the Free in history books. Then they get to be men they forget even more. Liberty's too precious a thing to be buried in books, Miss Saunders. Men should hold it up in front of them every single day of their lives and say: I'm free to think and to speak. My ancestors couldn't, I can, and my children will. Boys ought to grow up remembering that. Connections Edited into High Hopes: The Capra Years (1981) Soundtracks Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean (1843) (uncredited) Written by David T. Shaw Played during the opening credits and often in the score User reviews323 Review Top review 9/10 Age is nothing for this film, still incredible relevant This week I watched the 1939 dramedy Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. The logline reads "A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the United States Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn't back down." I think the best part of watching this was realizing that the battle of morality in places of power is nothing new. This particular film, although it may have had some funny moments, was definitely more drama and less comedy. As a product of Columbia Pictures, it was very professionally done. However, to me, the elements that stood out the most were the writing and acting. The writing of this film was really well thought out and was executed very well too. There seemed to be a lot of study or knowledge of politics and a lot of time spent in constructing the plot sequence the right way in order to pull this off. The acting was the next best part of this film. Obviously James Stewart is in this film, but Jean Arthur and Guy Kibbee really gave some stellar performances. Overall, I thought that this film, even given its age, is still relevant today. I enjoyed it and will be sharing it with others. helpful•18 2 audrablum Jan 24, 2019 FAQ4 What is 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington' about? Is "Mr Smith Goes to Washington" based on a book? How does the movie end? Details Edit Release date October 19, 1939 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Shimisi xiansheng dao huashengdun Filming locations Lincoln Memorial, National Mall, Washington, District of Columbia, USA Production company Columbia Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,900,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $144,738 Opening weekend US & Canada $83,205 Oct 14, 2018 Gross worldwide $144,738 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news ‘Mr. Smith Goes to Washington’: THR’s 1939 Review Oct 17The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Timothée Chalamet could make Oscars history by starring in three Best Picture nominees Sep 9Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.