National Lampoon's Vacation (1983) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085995/
National Lampoon's Vacation (1983) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In National Lampoon's Vacation 19831983 RR 1h 38m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 103K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,584 167 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:19 3 Videos 60 Photos AdventureComedy The Griswold family's cross-country drive to the Walley World theme park proves to be much more arduous than they ever anticipated.The Griswold family's cross-country drive to the Walley World theme park proves to be much more arduous than they ever anticipated.The Griswold family's cross-country drive to the Walley World theme park proves to be much more arduous than they ever anticipated. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 103K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,584 167 Director Harold Ramis Writer John Hughes(screenplay) Stars Chevy Chase Beverly D'Angelo Imogene Coca Top credits Director Harold Ramis Writer John Hughes(screenplay) Stars Chevy Chase Beverly D'Angelo Imogene Coca See production, box office & company info 230User reviews 71Critic reviews 55Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos3 Trailer 1:19 Official Trailer Clip 3:41 '80s Movie Quiz With "Stranger Things" Star Gaten Matarazzo Video 0:30 'National Lampoon's Vacation' | 35th Anniversary Mashup Photos60 Top cast Edit Chevy Chase Clark Griswoldas Clark Griswold Beverly D'Angelo Ellen Griswoldas Ellen Griswold Imogene Coca Aunt Ednaas Aunt Edna Randy Quaid Cousin Eddieas Cousin Eddie Anthony Michael Hall Rusty Griswoldas Rusty Griswold Dana Barron Audrey Griswoldas Audrey Griswold Eddie Bracken Roy Walleyas Roy Walley Brian Doyle-Murray Kamp Komfort Clerkas Kamp Komfort Clerk Miriam Flynn Cousin Catherineas Cousin Catherine James Keach Motorcycle Copas Motorcycle Cop Eugene Levy Car Salesmanas Car Salesman Frank McRae Groveras Grover John Candy Lasky, Guard at Walleyworldas Lasky, Guard at Walleyworld Christie Brinkley The Girl in the Ferrarias The Girl in the Ferrari Jane Krakowski Cousin Vickias Cousin Vicki John P. Navin Jr. Cousin Daleas Cousin Dale (as John Navin) Nathan Cook Man Giving Directionsas Man Giving Directions Christopher Jackson Pimpas Pimp Director Harold Ramis Writer John Hughes(screenplay) (short story "Vacation '58") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.2 National Lampoon's European Vacation 7.6 National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 6.0 Vegas Vacation 7.3 Caddyshack 7.6 Planes, Trains & Automobiles 7.5 National Lampoon's Animal House 7.0 Uncle Buck 6.9 Fletch 6.4 Spies Like Us 6.6 The Great Outdoors 6.9 Stripes 6.5 Three Amigos! Storyline Edit Having it all planned down to the last detail, the American, well-meaning paterfamilias, Clark Griswold, and his supportive wife, Ellen, take their two teenage children, Rusty and Audrey, on a cross-country trip from the suburbs of Chicago, all the way to sunny California's Walley World amusement park. However, anything that can go wrong will go wrong, and before long, Ellen's cousin, Catherine, and her husband, Eddie, enter the picture, and Clark is on the verge of blowing a gasket. Now, Roy Walley's wonderful park seems so far away, and even though the prospect of a clandestine meeting with the alluring blonde in a fast, 1981 Ferrari 308 GTSi sounds tempting, Clark must do the right thing, and find the promised land. How hard can it be to have the perfect vacation? —Nick Riganas road moviedysfunctional familynational lampoon seriesblonde in ferrarilust113 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Every summer Chevy Chase takes his family on a little trip. This year he went too far. Genres Adventure Comedy Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia All the cast members had terrible experiences when it came to filming the scenes inside Walley World, where they rode all of the roller coasters and other rides. In the commentary, Chevy Chase mentions that many of the rides made him and the other cast members vomit, especially since they all had to ride them several times for each take. Dana Barron mentioned in the commentary that the coasters made her so sick, she had to take motion sickness pills, and would pass out on nearby benches between takes. Finally, Anthony Michael Hall mentions that in the shots on the roller coaster, where he looks scared, he wasn't acting, his fear in those shots was genuine. Goofs Ellen's hairstyle changes quite dramatically towards the end of the film (at around the time that Aunt Edna is dropped off at Flagstaff), from wavy to a poodle perm. Result of last minute reshoots. Quotes Clark Griswald: I think you're all fucked in the head. We're ten hours from the fucking fun park and you want to bail out. Well I'll tell you something. This is no longer a vacation. It's a quest. It's a quest for fun. You're gonna have fun, and I'm gonna have fun... We're all gonna have so much fucking fun we're gonna need plastic surgery to remove our goddamn smiles! You'll be whistling 'Zip-A-Dee Doo-Dah' out of your assholes! I must be crazy! I'm on a pilgrimage to see a moose. Praise Marty Moose! Holy Shit! Rusty Griswold: [Grabs Clark's shoulder] Dad, you want an aspirin? Clark Griswald: Don't touch! Crazy credits During the credits, you see snapshots of group photos of where and who the Griswalds met on the vacation. The last photo shows you how they got home, on a plane. Alternate versions When originally released in theaters, the song "I'm So Excited" by The Pointer Sisters was present, but quickly withdrawn, having June Pointer's "Little Boy Sweet" replace it; hence why it does not appear on the soundtrack. Mistakenly, the song is credited (as should be) but not featured in the film on VHS or DVD, just when shown on TV. "Summer Hearts" by Nicolette Larson was apart of the original ending to the film, and only remains on the soundtrack. Connections Edited into The Goldbergs: Vacation (2019) Soundtracks Holiday Road Written and Performed by Lindsey Buckingham Produced by Richard Dashut Courtesy of Warner Bros. Records User reviews230 Review Top review 10/10 Just one word: Awesome! I have seen this movie many times on TV (the German dubbed version, of course) and I loved it every time...allthough the more often its shown, the more it gets cut on TV. Now, for the first time (thanks to DVD), I have been able to watch it in its original language. And it was just awesome! The dialogues were even better and the characters were so much better outlined. I swear that I will never see such a great movie in a dubbed version again! To any Germans in here: go get it on DVD (even though it is just in Mono) - and delete the video tape if you have recorded it from TV. helpful•52 14 Krisko1974 Jul 30, 2000 FAQ5 Is this movie a family movie? What exactly happened at the car dealership? What is 'Vacation' about? Details Edit Release date July 29, 1983 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Vacation Filming locations Six Flags Magic Mountain - 26101 Magic Mountain Parkway, Valencia, California, USA Production companies National Lampoon Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $61,399,552 Opening weekend US & Canada $8,333,358 Jul 31, 1983 Gross worldwide $61,399,552 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘Midnight Run’: Universal Sets Regina Hall To Star; ‘Girls Trip’ Actress Will Produce With Jesse Collins Nov 8Deadline Film + TV The 14 Best John Hughes Films Ranked Nov 5Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for National Lampoon's Vacation (1983)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.