Network (1976) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074958/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_219
Network (1976) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Network 19761976 RR 2h 1m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 153K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,277 61 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:59 3 Videos 99+ Photos Drama A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor's ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit, but finds that his message may be difficult to control.A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor's ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit, but finds that his message may be difficult to control.A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor's ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit, but finds that his message may be difficult to control. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 153K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,277 61 Director Sidney Lumet Writer Paddy Chayefsky(by) Stars Faye Dunaway William Holden Peter Finch Top credits Director Sidney Lumet Writer Paddy Chayefsky(by) Stars Faye Dunaway William Holden Peter Finch See production, box office & company info 420User reviews 187Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #219 Won 4 Oscars 20 wins & 26 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 2:59 Official Trailer Clip 2:45 How Gallows Humor Helped Charlize Theron Make 'Bombshell' Feel Real Clip 2:53 Does 'Joker' Exist in a Scorsese-Verse of Films? Photos110 Top cast Edit Faye Dunaway Diana Christensenas Diana Christensen William Holden Max Schumacheras Max Schumacher Peter Finch Howard Bealeas Howard Beale Robert Duvall Frank Hackettas Frank Hackett Wesley Addy Nelson Chaneyas Nelson Chaney Ned Beatty Arthur Jensenas Arthur Jensen Arthur Burghardt Great Ahmed Kahnas Great Ahmed Kahn Bill Burrows TV Directoras TV Director John Carpenter George Boschas George Bosch Jordan Charney Harry Hunteras Harry Hunter Kathy Cronkite Mary Ann Giffordas Mary Ann Gifford Ed Crowley Joe Donnellyas Joe Donnelly Jerome Dempsey Walter C. Amundsenas Walter C. Amundsen Conchata Ferrell Barbara Schlesingeras Barbara Schlesinger Gene Gross Milton K. Steinmanas Milton K. Steinman Stanley Grover Jack Snowdenas Jack Snowden Cindy Grover Caroline Schumacheras Caroline Schumacher Darryl Hickman Bill Herronas Bill Herron Director Sidney Lumet Writer Paddy Chayefsky(by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Cool Hand Luke 8.2 Chinatown 8.1 On the Waterfront 8.0 Dog Day Afternoon 6.1 Network 8.1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington 8.1 Barry Lyndon 8.1 It Happened One Night 8.1 The Third Man 8.1 The Deer Hunter 7.3 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead 8.2 The Great Escape Storyline Edit In the 1970s, terrorist violence is the stuff of networks' nightly news programming and the corporate structure of the UBS Television Network is changing. Meanwhile, Howard Beale, the aging UBS news anchor, has lost his once strong ratings share and so the network fires him. Beale reacts in an unexpected way. We then see how this affects the fortunes of Beale, his coworkers (Max Schumacher and Diana Christensen), and the network. —Bruce Janson <bruce@cs.su.oz.au> mediatelevisiontelevision networksatireranting166 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines "NETWORK"... the humanoids, the love story, the trials and tribulations, the savior of television, the attempted suicides, the assassination -- it's ALL coming along with a galaxy of stars you know and love! Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Sidney Lumet and screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky claimed that the film was not meant to be a satire but a reflection of what was really happening. Goofs Every one of Howard Beale's shows has the same studio audience (note the man in the black vest, with long hair and a beard). Quotes Howard Beale: I don't have to tell you things are bad. Everybody knows things are bad. It's a depression. Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job. The dollar buys a nickel's worth, banks are going bust, shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter. Punks are running wild in the street and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do, and there's no end to it. We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat, and we sit watching our TVs while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be. We know things are bad - worse than bad. They're crazy. It's like everything everywhere is going crazy, so we don't go out anymore. We sit in the house, and slowly the world we are living in is getting smaller, and all we say is, 'Please, at least leave us alone in our living rooms. Let me have my toaster and my TV and my steel-belted radials and I won't say anything. Just leave us alone.' Well, I'm not gonna leave you alone. I want you to get mad! I don't want you to protest. I don't want you to riot - I don't want you to write to your congressman because I wouldn't know what to tell you to write. I don't know what to do about the depression and the inflation and the Russians and the crime in the street. All I know is that first you've got to get mad. You've got to say, 'I'm a HUMAN BEING, God damn it! My life has VALUE!' So I want you to get up now. I want all of you to get up out of your chairs. I want you to get up right now and go to the window. Open it, and stick your head out, and yell, 'I'M AS MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE!' I want you to get up right now, sit up, go to your windows, open them and stick your head out and yell - 'I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!' Things have got to change. But first, you've gotta get mad!... You've got to say, 'I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!' Then we'll figure out what to do about the depression and the inflation and the oil crisis. But first get up out of your chairs, open the window, stick your head out, and yell, and say it: "I'M AS MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE!" Crazy credits Paddy Chayefsky's credit in the opening credits says "by Paddy Chayefsky" (rather than "written by Paddy Chayefsky" or a variant thereof). Connections Edited into Amérique, notre histoire (2006) User reviews420 Review Top review 8/10 Piston Rods, One & All... Give 'em what they want, and they'll want even more. More relevant today than ever, the media heroin entices and addicts: parasites on your dependency: the pushers own your soul, your mind is not your own - stick your head out of the window and yell....... helpful•15 3 Xstal Sep 2, 2020 FAQ3 Is "Network" based on a book? How does "Network" end? Any recommendations for a female character as annoying as Diana Christensen? Details Edit Release date November 27, 1976 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 电视台风云 Filming locations CFTO-TV Studios, Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, Canada Production company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,800,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $23,689,877 Gross worldwide $23,690,757 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Film Distributor Gravitas Ventures Sold To Anthem Sports & Entertainment Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Adam McKay Had To Make The Comedy Of His Satire ‘Don’t Look Up’ Even Wilder To One-Up Crazy Real-World Events – Contenders L.A. Nov 14Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Network (1976)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.