Never Let Me Go (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1334260/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Never Let Me Go (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Never Let Me Go 20102010 RR 1h 43m IMDb RATING 7.1/10 141K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 833 280 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 4 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomanceSci-Fi The lives of three friends, from their early school days into young adulthood, when the reality of the world they live in comes knocking.The lives of three friends, from their early school days into young adulthood, when the reality of the world they live in comes knocking.The lives of three friends, from their early school days into young adulthood, when the reality of the world they live in comes knocking. IMDb RATING 7.1/10 141K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 833 280 Director Mark Romanek Writers Kazuo Ishiguro(novel) Alex Garland(screenplay) Stars Keira Knightley Carey Mulligan Andrew Garfield Top credits Director Mark Romanek Writers Kazuo Ishiguro(novel) Alex Garland(screenplay) Stars Keira Knightley Carey Mulligan Andrew Garfield See production, box office & company info 421User reviews 344Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 8 wins & 27 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:32 Never Let Me Go: Trailer #1 Trailer 2:31 Never Let Me Go Clip 1:06 "Tommy and Kathy in the Woods" Clip 3:54 The Rise of Carey Mulligan Photos158 Top cast Edit Keira Knightley Ruthas Ruth Carey Mulligan Kathyas Kathy Andrew Garfield Tommyas Tommy Izzy Meikle-Small Young Kathyas Young Kathy Charlie Rowe Young Tommyas Young Tommy Ella Purnell Young Ruthas Young Ruth Charlotte Rampling Miss Emilyas Miss Emily Sally Hawkins Miss Lucyas Miss Lucy Kate Bowes Renna Miss Geraldineas Miss Geraldine Hannah Sharp Amandaas Amanda Christina Carrafiell Lauraas Laura Oliver Parsons Arthuras Arthur Luke Bryant Davidas David Fidelis Morgan Matronas Matron Damien Thomas Doctoras Doctor Nathalie Richard Madameas Madame Huggy Leaver Delivery Man 1as Delivery Man 1 Charles Cork Delivery Man 2as Delivery Man 2 Director Mark Romanek Writers Kazuo Ishiguro(novel) Alex Garland(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.3 An Education 7.2 Shame 7.8 Atonement 7.5 Brooklyn 6.9 Suffragette 7.8 I'm Here 7.1 Far from the Madding Crowd 7.4 Begin Again 5.3 The Tesseract Never Let Me Go 7.8 Pride & Prejudice 7.3 Jane Eyre Storyline Edit As children, Ruth, Kathy and Tommy spend their childhood at a seemingly idyllic English boarding school. As they grow into young adults, they find that they have to come to terms with the strength of the love they feel for each other, while preparing themselves for the haunting reality that awaits them. —Fox Searchlight Pictures dystopiaamputationcloneboarding schoolhuman cloning117 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Welcome to Hailsham. The students have everything they need, except time. Genres Drama Romance Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some sexuality and nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia "Never Let Me Go" is Carey Mulligan's favorite novel. She was certain someone would make a film adaptation, and had hoped they could wait until she was old enough to play Kathy. She couldn't bear the idea of anyone else portraying Kathy, although she acknowledged that she thought other people would be able to do a better performance. She actively campaigned for the role. Goofs Tommy runs in the sand out to the wrecked boat on the beach. Soon after, all 3 friends look at the boat, but Tommy's footprints in the sand are gone. Quotes [last lines] Kathy: It's been two weeks since I lost him. I've been given my notice now. My first donation is in a month's time. I come here and imagine that this is the spot where everything I've lost since my childhood has washed out. I tell myself, if that were true, and I waited long enough, then a tiny figure would appear on the horizon across the field, and gradually get larger until I'd see it was Tommy. He'd wave and maybe call. I don't let the fantasy go beyond that. I can't let it. I remind myself I was lucky to have had any time with him at all. What I'm not sure about is if our lives have been so different from the lives of the people we save. We all complete. Maybe none of us really understand what we've lived through, or feel we've had enough time. Crazy credits The Hailsham School Song can be briefly heard at the very end of the credits. Connections Featured in The Rotten Tomatoes Show: Knight and Day/I Am Love/The Killer Inside Me (2010) Soundtracks HAILSHAM SCHOOL SONG Melody courtesy of Harrow School Enterprises Limited User reviews421 Review Top review 7/10 A mixed reaction to an abridgment of greatness As a fan of the book I had a mixed reaction to this adequate yet overall uninspiring adaptation of Kazuo Ishiguro's brilliant novel. Looking back at my viewing experience I was reminded of the early adaptation of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' from the earliest era of films, in which the filmmakers expected you to have read the book and simply showed you interpretations of various scenes. Alex Garland's screenplay boasted the ambition of including a little bit of everything from Ishiguro's 300 page book in his slightly under two hour movie. The result is a simple abridgment, we have time to realize the love brewing between the characters, the strained friendship between Mulligan's Kathy and Knightley's Ruth, and the dilemma of their caregivers at Hailsham. But the film lacks much the catharsis and the commentary that made the book so great. Romanek has proved himself to be a capable director, but here he made some negative decisions which really removed much of the impact of the plot. Adam Kimmel's cinematography is a stand out here, and given the competition so far I wouldn't be surprised if he receives an Oscar nomination for his work. The calm collection and stoic nature of much of the acting can be seen as insipid or uninteresting to some. But I found the acting to be quite appropriate, the tight lipped, proper British style of this movie provided an nice contrast and balance to a story which could have turned into a mindless melodramatic tear jerker if not handled correctly. In the end, I think active viewer-ship is of paramount importance to this movie. The film is never interested in simply handing the audience its ideas. Rather it called upon us to dig for meaning. I would say the plot itself served as a bit of a metaphor, and that intrigued me. And, despite some of the negative artistic liberties which were taken in this adaptation, I feel that it did well enough to create an involving, though provoking, and sometimes heartbreaking experience. Despite its flaws, 'Never Let Me Go' has been one of the few strong film that we've had this year. And, if your one of those people who goes to the movies once or twice a month, I'd say 'Never Let Me Go' is one of your better bets for an agreeable experience at the movies right now. helpful•138 62 espenshade55 Sep 17, 2010 FAQ3 Is this based on a book? Details Edit Release date February 11, 2011 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official sites Official site (Japan) Official site (United States) Language English Also known as Nunca me abandones Filming locations Andrew Melville Hall, University of St Andrews, St. Andrews, Fife, Scotland, UK Production companies DNA Films Film4 Searchlight Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $2,434,652 Opening weekend US & Canada $111,734 Sep 19, 2010 Gross worldwide $9,918,093 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 43 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Andrew Garfield Says Making ‘Spider-Man’ Was ‘Heartbreaking’: Focus Was on Money Over Soul Nov 6Indiewire Andrew Garfield: ‘I don’t think I present as goody-goody’ Nov 5The Guardian - Film News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Never Let Me Go (2010)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.