New Year's Eve (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1598822/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
New Year's Eve (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In New Year's Eve 20112011 PG-13PG-13 1h 58m IMDb RATING 5.7/10 84K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,183 940 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 4 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyRomance The lives of several couples and singles in New York City intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve.The lives of several couples and singles in New York City intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve.The lives of several couples and singles in New York City intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve. IMDb RATING 5.7/10 84K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,183 940 Director Garry Marshall Writer Katherine Fugate Stars Sarah Jessica Parker Jessica Biel Ashton Kutcher Top credits Director Garry Marshall Writer Katherine Fugate Stars Sarah Jessica Parker Jessica Biel Ashton Kutcher See production, box office & company info 176User reviews 207Critic reviews 22Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 8 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:33 Trailer No. 2 Trailer 1:58 New Year's Eve: Trailer #1 Trailer 2:27 New Year's Eve Featurette 2:27 Featurette Photos183 Top cast Edit Sarah Jessica Parker Kim (segment "Mother & Daughter")as Kim (segment "Mother & Daughter") Jessica Biel Tess Byrne (segment "Maternity Ward")as Tess Byrne (segment "Maternity Ward") Ashton Kutcher Randy (segment "Elevator")as Randy (segment "Elevator") Michelle Pfeiffer Ingrid (segment "Resolution Tour")as Ingrid (segment "Resolution Tour") Zac Efron Paul (segment "Resolution Tour")as Paul (segment "Resolution Tour") Charlotte Marshall-Fricker Caring Teenage Girl (segment "Resolution Tour")as Caring Teenage Girl (segment "Resolution Tour") Fiona Choi Balinese Woman (segment "Resolution Tour")as Balinese Woman (segment "Resolution Tour") Mary Marguerite Keane Pet Adoption Clerk (segment "Resolution Tour")as Pet Adoption Clerk (segment "Resolution Tour") Michael Mandell Murray (segment "Resolution Tour")as Murray (segment "Resolution Tour") Patrick Reale Times Square Cop (segment "Resolution Tour")as Times Square Cop (segment "Resolution Tour") Robert De Niro Stan Harris (segment "Hospital Story")as Stan Harris (segment "Hospital Story") Halle Berry Nurse Aimee (segment "Hospital Story")as Nurse Aimee (segment "Hospital Story") Cary Elwes Stan's Doctor (segment "Hospital Story")as Stan's Doctor (segment "Hospital Story") Alyssa Milano Nurse Mindy (segment "Hospital Story")as Nurse Mindy (segment "Hospital Story") Common Soldier (segment "Hospital Story")as Soldier (segment "Hospital Story") Barbara Marshall Head Nurse Helen (segment "Hospital Story")as Head Nurse Helen (segment "Hospital Story") Seth Meyers Griffin Byrne (segment "Maternity Ward")as Griffin Byrne (segment "Maternity Ward") Sarah Paulson Grace Schwab (segment "Maternity Ward")as Grace Schwab (segment "Maternity Ward") Director Garry Marshall Writer Katherine Fugate All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.7 Valentine's Day 5.7 Mother's Day 5.5 Killers 6.5 Life as We Know It 6.4 He's Just Not That Into You 5.5 Bride Wars 6.4 Charlie St. Cloud 6.4 The Ugly Truth 6.9 The Holiday 5.6 The Big Wedding Royal Ice 6.1 27 Dresses Storyline Edit Set during New Year's Eve in New York city, this movie follows several people and how the day affects them. Kim is a single mother who still thinks of her daughter, Hailey as a child who wants to go out with a boy so that she could kiss him at midnight. Claire, who is in charge of the city's annual tradition, the ball drop on Times Square. And when something goes wrong she has to ask an electrician, who was fired, to come and fix it. Laura, a chef who is cooking the New year's Eve party for a record company who runs into Jensen, her ex who's a singer and performing at the party. While he tries to apologize for how things ended, she refuses to accept it. Ingrid, a woman who works at the record company, after having a near death experience, decides to quit her job and asks a young messenger, Paul to help her fulfill her resolutions. And at a hospital, Stan, a man who is in the final stages of cancer, only wishes to see the ball drop. Also Griffin and Tess, a couple who are expecting, want to be the ones who give birth first after New Year because of the available cash prize; but another couple is also about to give birth. Randy a man who's not exactly fond of the holiday because of something that happened, finds himself trapped in an elevator with a singer who is one of Jensen's back up singers when he performs at Times Square. And Sam, son of the owner of the record company, who is out of town and is trying to get back to the city so that he could give a speech at the party, but when he has an accident and since it's a holiday, his car can't be fixed so he hitches a ride with some people going to the city. But it seems he has another reason why he needs to get back. —rcs0411@yahoo.com ensemble filmnew yearnew year's evesingerexpecting87 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The one night anything is possible Genres Comedy Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for language including some sexual references Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Halle Berry was cast but dropped out, and she was replaced by Katherine Heigl. Berry dropped out due to a custody battle with her ex-partner. After the custody battle was resolved, Berry was re-cast in the movie, but in another role. Goofs The list of resolutions Ingrid first holds up to Paul is different from the one Paul reads the second time. Quotes Claire Morgan: And as you all can see, the ball has stopped half way to its perch. it's suspended there to remind us before we pop the champagne and celebrate the new year, to stop, and reflect on the year that has gone by, to remember both our triumphs and our missteps, our promises made and broken, the times we opened ourselves up to great adventures... or closed ourselves down for fear of getting hurt, because that's what new year's all about , getting another chance, a chance to forgive. to do better, to do more, to give more, to love more, and to stop worrying about what if... and start embracing what will be. so when that ball drops at midnight, and it will drop, let's remember to be nice to each other, kind to each other, and not just tonight but all year long. Crazy credits Bloopers and outtakes shown during the closing credits. Alternate versions In the French language version, Hailey rather than saying "This is not a training bra" says "I'm busty", and Kim rather than saying "And this is not "Girls Gone Wild"!" says "And you're not a stripper!", since outside North America, the franchise "Girls Gone Wild" is barely known. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #20.46 (2011) Soundtracks This Is The New Year Written by Ian Axel and Chad Vaccarino Performed by Ian Axel Courtesy of TinyOgre, LLC By arrangement with Sony Music Licensing User reviews176 Review Top review 4/10 Too many story lines make New Years Eve a bit of a dud. I rather enjoy the odd ensemble comedy such as this film, I somewhat enjoyed Valentines Day and I really enjoyed He's Just Not That Into You, but what those film had but this doesn't is a fewer amount of plot lines. There's just too much going on in this film, far too many characters, as soon as I found myself interested in one plot its segment would end, you can never get really attached to one set of characters. For me the best storyline was the Michelle Pfieffer and Zefron plot, it was really the only one with a bit of substance, I actually think a full movie of that story would be great, also the Jessica Biel and Seth Meyers plot was rather funny thanks to the highly underrated Ms Biel. This movie is entertaining enough I suppose but it's also lacking any real great laugh out loud moments, the only time I laughed was when Jessica Biel was in labour, she could do some great comedy if given the chance. Lea Michele manages to bring her great screen charisma to the big screen, she is very fun to watch and her rendition of Aude Lang Syne was lovely and a nice way to end the movie. If this movie had about four or five less stories happening this movie would have been much better, it's not horrible by any standards but it's not excellent either, also this may sound mean but Sofia Vergara is possibly the most annoying actress alive, at least they didn't put a decent actress in the most annoying role in the film. I mean it's worth paying to see the excellent dance scene between Zefron and Pfieffer over the end credits. OK, but basically it's exactly the same as Valentines Day but with more actors and a lot less substance. Enjoy. Maybe. helpful•35 14 JimmyCollins Dec 10, 2011 FAQ1 Why did Garry Marshall choose this film? Details Edit Release date December 9, 2011 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official site Official site (Germany) Language English Also known as Año nuevo Filming locations Brooklyn Bridge, New York City, New York, USA Production companies New Line Cinema Rice Films Karz Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $56,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $54,544,638 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,019,180 Dec 11, 2011 Gross worldwide $142,044,638 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Deepika Padukone: "Adidas" Oct 26SneakPeek Hulu Orders Candy Montgomery True Crime Scripted Series, Jessica Biel to Star as Elisabeth Moss Exits Oct 5Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to New Year's Eve (2011) in Brazil?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.