No Country for Old Men (2007) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0477348/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_158
No Country for Old Men (2007) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In No Country for Old Men 20072007 RR 2h 2m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 909K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 231 87 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 2 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaThriller Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande.Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande.Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 909K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 231 87 Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen(screenplay) Ethan Coen(screenplay) Cormac McCarthy(novel) Stars Tommy Lee Jones Javier Bardem Josh Brolin Top credits Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen(screenplay) Ethan Coen(screenplay) Cormac McCarthy(novel) Stars Tommy Lee Jones Javier Bardem Josh Brolin See production, box office & company info 2KUser reviews 530Critic reviews 91Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #158 Won 4 Oscars 163 wins & 140 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:32 Official Trailer Clip 1:56 A Guide to the Films of the Coen Brothers Photos205 Top cast Edit Tommy Lee Jones Ed Tom Bellas Ed Tom Bell Javier Bardem Anton Chigurhas Anton Chigurh Josh Brolin Llewelyn Mossas Llewelyn Moss Woody Harrelson Carson Wellsas Carson Wells Kelly Macdonald Carla Jean Mossas Carla Jean Moss Garret Dillahunt Wendellas Wendell Tess Harper Loretta Bellas Loretta Bell Barry Corbin Ellisas Ellis Stephen Root Man who hires Wellsas Man who hires Wells Rodger Boyce El Paso Sheriffas El Paso Sheriff Beth Grant Carla Jean's Motheras Carla Jean's Mother Ana Reeder Poolside Womanas Poolside Woman Kit Gwin Sheriff Bell's Secretaryas Sheriff Bell's Secretary Zach Hopkins Strangled Deputyas Strangled Deputy Chip Love Man in Fordas Man in Ford Eduardo Antonio Garcia 'Agua' Manas 'Agua' Man Gene Jones Gas Station Proprietoras Gas Station Proprietor Myk Watford 'Managerial' Victimas 'Managerial' Victim Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen(screenplay) Ethan Coen(screenplay) Cormac McCarthy(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 There Will Be Blood 8.1 Fargo 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.1 The Big Lebowski 8.2 Shutter Island 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.5 The Departed 8.4 Django Unchained 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.1 Catch Me If You Can Storyline Edit In rural Texas, welder and hunter Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) discovers the remains of several drug runners who have all killed each other in an exchange gone violently wrong. Rather than report the discovery to the police, Moss decides to simply take the two million dollars present for himself. This puts the psychopathic killer, Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem), on his trail as he dispassionately murders nearly every rival, bystander and even employer in his pursuit of his quarry and the money. As Moss desperately attempts to keep one step ahead, the blood from this hunt begins to flow behind him with relentlessly growing intensity as Chigurh closes in. Meanwhile, the laconic Sheriff Ed Tom Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) blithely oversees the investigation even as he struggles to face the sheer enormity of the crimes he is attempting to thwart. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) sherifftexascontemporary westerncold blooded murderdesert211 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines There Are No Clean Getaways Genres Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong graphic violence and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia An unforeseen expense for the film was the make-up department buying expensive fake blood at eight hundred dollars a gallon. Joel Coen realized why they were spending so much when it came to film the scene where Llewelyn (Josh Brolin) stumbles across the aftermath of a shoot-out with lots of extras lying around dead in the dust. Ordinary fake blood (made with sugar) would have meant the extras would have been crawling with bugs and ants, while the insects had no interest in the expensive stuff. Goofs Radio transmitting devices in the early 1980s would have used large batteries to transmit for lengthy periods of time and due to the batteries not holding a charge. Such a device would have been noticeable inside of the briefcase as it would have been at least the size of a box of bank checks or larger. Smaller transmitters only became possible with the widespread introduction of cellular technology from the mid-1990s and forward. It would not have been available in the film's 1980s setting. Quotes Anton Chigurh: What's the most you ever lost on a coin toss? Gas Station Proprietor: Sir? Anton Chigurh: The most. You ever lost. On a coin toss. Gas Station Proprietor: I don't know. I couldn't say. [Chigurh flips a quarter from the change on the counter and covers it with his hand] Anton Chigurh: Call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Call it? Anton Chigurh: Yes. Gas Station Proprietor: For what? Anton Chigurh: Just call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Well, we need to know what we're calling it for here. Anton Chigurh: You need to call it. I can't call it for you. It wouldn't be fair. Gas Station Proprietor: I didn't put nothin' up. Anton Chigurh: Yes, you did. You've been putting it up your whole life, you just didn't know it. You know what date is on this coin? Gas Station Proprietor: No. Anton Chigurh: 1958. It's been traveling twenty-two years to get here. And now it's here. And it's either heads or tails. And you have to say. Call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Look, I need to know what I stand to win. Anton Chigurh: Everything. Gas Station Proprietor: How's that? Anton Chigurh: You stand to win everything. Call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Alright. Heads then. [Chigurh removes his hand, revealing the coin is indeed heads] Anton Chigurh: Well done. [the gas station proprietor nervously takes the quarter with the small pile of change he's apparently won while Chigurh starts out] Anton Chigurh: Don't put it in your pocket, sir. Don't put it in your pocket. It's your lucky quarter. Gas Station Proprietor: Where do you want me to put it? Anton Chigurh: Anywhere not in your pocket. Where it'll get mixed in with the others and become just a coin. Which it is. [Chigurh leaves and the gas station proprietor stares at him as he walks out] Connections Edited into The Clock (2010) Soundtracks Puño de tierra Written by Michael Eloy Sánchez Performed by Angel H. Alvarado Jr., David A. Gomez, Milton Hernandez and John Mancha User reviews2K Review Top review 8/10 A hauntingly flawed unconventional masterpiece Days after seeing it, I am still haunted by No Country for Old Men. There is just something so effectual and uncompromising about it, that mere words will only begin to skim the surface of the cinematic excellence on display. At its most simplistic, the film is a game of cat and mouse. The mouse here is Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin), a hunter who stumbles upon two million in cash after a drug deal gone wrong, and takes it thinking nothing of it. He tries to cover his tracks, but ends up letting the group looking for the money, figure out his identity. The cat is Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem), a hit-man hired to find Moss and the money. But Chigurh is unconventional at best; he also happens to be bordering on mentally insane. And another man, a law man this time, Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones), is on the trail of both men as they criss-cross around Texas. Right up until its dénouement, the film is simply brilliant. Taut and thrilling, it blows right through the majority of its two hour runtime with ease. Even during moments of slowing down, the film stays right on track and never feels like it has run its course. It engages even when it appears that nothing is happening. The Coen Brothers truly crafted what appears at first glance to be a masterpiece, even if it is their first real shot at something that is not indelibly and inarguably their own. Even without reading Cormac McCarthy's novel, I know that the Coens have done it justice, even with their bitterly twisted and dark sense of humour scattered throughout the film. But all of that comes to a standstill as the film concludes. The last twenty or so minutes feel like hours as the film wraps itself up, and it almost feels like these scenes belong to another movie entirely (one that borders on being pretentious and monotonous). I realize now that McCarthy's novel probably ends the same way, but it does not help provide closure to the fact that the movie is so break-neck paced right up until this happens. Its brilliance is shattered by what looks to be a series of tattered events thrown together to provide closure for all of the characters, alive or dead, and for its audience. It speaks volumes to the film's title, but it just does not feel satisfying compared to the rest of what we saw. Even with its enigmatic devices at play, I still cannot come to terms with how the film closes. It does haunt, and in a way, it may prove to be a significantly stronger ending as time rolls on. But as it stands now, it just feels weak. What is also a bit of a surprise, and only seems to appear as the film concludes, is the music. It is not so obvious at first, but the majority of the film is audibly shown with just the sounds the characters make and no background music to speak of. This element is brilliantly used, as it helps intensify every situation and makes the film downright terrifying in some cases. It just helps truly make the film come together, and only helps establish the quick pacing even more so. It was definitely a surprise, and one that will probably help the lasting impact of the film become even stronger. The lush and bloodsoaked visuals also help to define the film. Despite the film taking place mainly in deserted areas, or the desert itself, the camera manages to capture just the right essence of what the writing and acting is conveying. The isolation and the terror almost become characters themselves through these visuals, and are sure to be recognized as the award season rolls in. The film's acting is also very well done. Brolin anchors the film and even when it is just the audience reacting to his attempts at saving his life, he manages to deliver the best performance of his career. He breathes life into Moss, and truly brings a sense of pathos to the character. We feel for him and his greedy mistake, and as he develops into a man unwilling to go down without a fight, he only manages to up the ante for himself countlessly. Jones, as the law man stuck on the fringe of every event, also does very well for himself. Most of his work is simply delivering dialogue, but it is delivered in such a fashionable sense that you feel like he is speaking to the bigger picture of things, and not just himself. I would have liked a bit more development in his character, but what little there is helps his performance greatly. Supporting turns from Woody Harrelson and Kelly Macdonald are also done well, but are overshadowed by the main cast by both Brolin and Jones. And even more of an overcast is Bardem as the ruthless Chigurh. He absolutely nails this character down to his very bones. If anyone is merely toying with the idea of seeing the film, it should be specifically for Bardem. His performance is calculating and plagued with petrifying silence. When he chooses to talk, his words sound like they are being given by the essence of evil. This is a man with a plan, but it is one that only belongs to him. His enigmatic presence is developed throughout the film, and never once does it feel particularly appropriate to understand where this menace comes from. Watching him on screen is a jolt to the heart, and will go down as one of the best performances of the decade. His terrible hair only helps to make his character that more scary and formidable. No Country for Old Men is one of the best pictures of the year, even if it is flawed. Its brilliance and lasting impact with leave you haunted. 8.5/10. helpful•624 415 DonFishies Nov 26, 2007 FAQ27 Is 'No Country for Old Men' based on a book? Where does the film's title come from? Who is speaking in the opening narrative? Details Edit Release date November 21, 2007 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Spanish Also known as 老无所依 Filming locations Marfa, Texas, USA Production companies Paramount Vantage Miramax Scott Rudin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $74,283,625 Opening weekend US & Canada $1,202,000 Nov 11, 2007 Gross worldwide $171,627,166 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Will Oscar Voters Say ‘I Love Nicole Kidman’ in Aaron Sorkin’s ‘Being the Ricardos’? Nov 14Variety Film + TV Members Divided as IATSE Contract Comes Up for Vote: ‘A Lot of People Are Disappointed’ Nov 10Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of No Country for Old Men (2007) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.