No Time to Die (2021) - No Time to Die (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2382320/reviews?ref_=tt_urv
No Time to Die (2021) - No Time to Die (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In No Time to Die (2021) User Reviews Review this title 2,771 Reviews Hide Spoilers Sort by: Helpfulness Review Date Total Votes Prolific Reviewer Review Rating Filter by Rating: Show All 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 6 Stars 7 Stars 8 Stars 9 Stars 10 Stars 7/10 golden hour Bond SnoopyStyle11 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers James Bond (Daniel Craig) is married to Madeleine Swann (Léa Seydoux). She has a secret past. He's visiting the grave of Vesper Lynd when Spectre attacks. Blofeld claims that Madeleine is a daughter of Spectre. It's five years later. Bond is retired and living alone. Russian bio-weapon scientist Valdo Obruchev has been kidnapped by new baddie Lyutsifer Safin (Rami Malek). MI6 and the CIA are at cross-purposes. Both are searching for Obruchev. This reportedly is to be Craig's final outing as Bond. This feels very much like a lot of James Bond's greatest hits. There is golden hour shot near the end where I realize that this is really the golden hour of Craig's Bond. The sun is setting on his tenure. Madeleine talking to Mathilde is tinged with nostalgia. She's telling her about his past. His chapter of the book is done. As for the movie, it opens great. There is a great chase in the narrow streets of an Italian mountain village. I love the motorcycle jump. It's so simple and so clean. There are no jumpy cuts or shaky camera work in that shot. Ana de Armas has a great introduction with her "three weeks of training". I like M's duplicity. I'm less enamored with Blofeld's transformation into Hannibal Lecter. I would rather they imagine something else, something different. Safin is definitely the weakest link. Rami Malek is forced to do a dull old fashion villain. Bond is talking to M and they actually made fun of the new villain as having the same old evil plans. It would have been a lot simpler if Obruchev is the new villain. He played M and has his own kill list. His joke to Nomi about killing all the black people is more chilling and more memorable than anything yadayada evil plan from Safin. Safin's best scenes happen in the beginning without showing his face. It's a long movie and by hour three, the repetitive gun fire keeps droning on and on. It gets a bit tired. It would have helped by cutting out one villain and concentrating the screen time. This is the end Beautiful friend. 41 out of 79 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Craig's time as 007 ends on a fairly high note, but I still hoped it could be better Horst_In_Translation24 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers "No Time to Die" is a co-production between the United States of America and the United Kingdom from 2021 and this is of course the most recent James Bond film we have here. It is a definite contender for most awaited film of the decade because on the one hand the viewer numbers are self-explanatory and on the other hand this film has been delayed so many times because of the corona pandemic that it was truly high time for it to actually hit theaters everywhere. Which it did not too long ago. Being a a huge Bond fan myself, who has seen all the other films (no exceptions), I was curious enough to watch several hours of red-carpet broadcast from London a while ago when the film had its world premiere there and most key cast members showed up and the Royals were also there to check it out. It runs for over 2 hours and 40 minutes which makes it a truly long film and even if it is an hour or so longer than another Daniel Craig Bond movie, nobody can really be surprised. It was already an option that Craig could end his Bond career before this one here, but he returned again for a fifth and final 007 performance. Unfortunately, as you can see from the title of my review, I don't think this was as amazing as it could have been. I still think that Casino Royale and Skyfall are his two best movies and clearly ahead of the rest, even if it's not easy at all to pick the number one. But that is another story. Let's look at this one here now. Director is Cary Joji Fukunaga, who is mostly known for his work on True Detective, so the outcome here is surely his biggest big screen success as of now. He is also one of the writers and the other two are again Purvis and Wade who were already there during the Brosnan era. Enough said. They could very well also be there again when the next 007 takes over. Whoever it will be. I mean we already have a Black female 007 in this film, even if I doubt she will become the new lead to the franchise. But we will see. As for the cast, there is nothing to say about Craig anymore. Some of the others are people who reprise their characters from previous movies. Especially the one before. Léa Seydoux is back playing Bond's one and only love interest in this film and it's very serious as we find out, not only because of the child that joins them, but also because of the long sequence early on, which is linked to Vesper Lynd again and her story of betrayal back in Craig's very first Bond movie, so it is a bit of a framework you could say. Is he betrayed again? This time by Madeleine? Christoph Waltz is in this film here too. No surprise obviously, but he does not have a lot of screen time unfortunately. He is an actor I like and I definitely think that there could have been much more to his Blofeld than there was in this film and the previous one. Let's be honest: With what they did with/to him here, it maybe would have been better if he had not been in the film at all. I think Fukunaga was basically only looking for a way to get him out of the picture somehow and put all his focus on the key antagonist in here. That would be the character played by Oscar winner Rami Malek. He is a new addition to the cast and (if we don't count the very first masked scene) it takes quite a while for him to finally join the action, namely when he sits there in Madeleine's presence, but once he is there, he is bound to stay. Great screen presence as always and his villain character is among the better aspects from this film, especially in that scene where he takes the girl from her with the aura of poison all around him. Another antagonist character is played by Dali Benssalah. Very easy to identify too with his physicality. Not just the eye, even if this eye, especially in the final fight scene, and how he/it is taken out is maybe the biggest cult moment from this film and I had to think of Oddjob's hat back in Goldfinger there. I could go on and on. Jeffrey Wright is there again, so is Ralph Fiennes. Ben Whishaw, Naomie Harris. New faces with a decent amount of screen time include Lashana Lynch, David Dencik and Billy Magnussen. All no really big names, so they made sure nobody takes away too much attention from Craig's farewell performance. Comedy is once again nothing you find too frequently in here. There was some banter here and there between Bond and the new 007 about who is allowed to carry this number. There was this eye scene linked to the gadget, the one I just mentioned. Oh and maybe for my comedic highlight of it all I must mention Ben Whishaw. His talk about the guest he was about to have was more of a politically correct failure piece of comedy, maybe also linked to the actor's own sexuality, but when he tried to pretend in front of M that he had not seen Bond before this encounter, it was pretty funny. I give them/him that. Big smile there. As for the more dramatic moments, of course the one that stands out the very most is the exact ending. Bond has never died before in these films, so they were taking completely new directions here. I am not sure if I like it though. Big challenge and they probably could not have depicted it any better, but Bond always had this unkillable aura and maybe they should have stayed with it. Like breaking an unwritten rule. Oh well, this was not the first time Blofeld died either and they killed Leiter in the process of it too, but they will all be back sooner or later. In any case, these rockets hitting the island were pretty spectacular. Also bittersweet that they came from his side and 007 ordered them to be fired and you could say that M or MI6 messed up themselves by the fact that they lost this Heracles, this priceless killing program, to the bad side. So his own folks' shortcomings result in Bond's death in this movie. But he still makes sure that evil is buried with him and this gigantic factory of villainy goes down as well. The island between Russia and Asia here I liked the way it was depicted. The isolation of it all, but also these water areas (or liquid areas) in which people were working in thick riot gears. Not sure this is the right word. As for the Bond song by Billie Eilish, I remember not liking it too much when I heard it first. Then it grew a bit on me over the months in the process of looking forward to this film perhaps. Now, as I heard it connected to the movie, I again am not too big on it. Also felt to me as if it was not used on many other occasions except the opening sequence where they always use the Bond song. So yeah, this will surely be one of the more forgettable Bond song and I am pretty sure that it will not repeat the awards success that Adele and Sam Smith had with their previous Bond songs. But we will see. An Oscar nomination seems like a big success already from my perspective. The win is not an option as of now the way I see it. I should probably also mention Finneas as he is co-writer, but I just don't really understand the Eilish hype at all. The music that stands out way more here is certainly Louis Armstrong's "We Have All the Time in the World", a timeless classic that you will hear with the closing credits and you also hear the name of this song being referenced on several occasions during this movie, key occasions really. The timelessness of this piece is something Eilish and her brother can only dream of. And it's also a beautiful jump back in time because this was used back in the day during the early 007 movie days already. For Dr. No if I am not mistaken. So yeah, the film had something to offer on the music front as well, not only with Hans Zimmer's soundtrack. The technicality we don't need to criticize. Costumes, sets, makeup, cinematography, sound effects etc. All this is in competent hands here and could not have been much better. But story is key and this is the reason why I don't give a truly high rating. By the way, I thought on some occasion that Madeleine's father here could be Blofeld. I mean we hear about him being a killer, a doctor which he is in the old film, always carries the title Dr. Ernst Stavro Blofeld and here in the previous film he even went with Mr. Bleuchamp, so a French connection was also there. So when we know that Bond can kill Blofeld with his hands because of the virus, I thought that he would kill Madeleine too, but they touched and kissed and she did not die, so we did not find out about her real father. As for Malek's character, he is of course also a tragic figure with what happened to his family earlier and his revenge idea in terms of killing the killer's family can be related to somehow, but what he turns into is definitely insane. I mean this was a touch of Thanos already I felt. Killing millions of people and causing some kind of natural selection this way. While with Thanos we were getting this idea of a relentless god, I still felt that they could have elaborated a bit more there on Safin's approach. Not the tennis player. Sorry, I just had to. Overall, this is of course unsurprisingly another Bond film that people who like the franchise should not miss out on and it is also definitely a better watch in movie theaters. Go see it on the big screen and preferrably do so now while it is still on because I have made the experience that at least here they do not really show past Bond films in movie theaters. The old ones. Maybe because they are all on television still from time to time and actually several times each year. I am not sure what you will like most about this movie, but I think there is enough to pick from and there are definitely more positive moments to the outcome here than negative moments. Actually, almost no negative moments. Ana de Armas could have been given better material. I mean she is second-cast on imdb because of her name, but barely a factor. Oh well, maybe we will see more from her character in the next movie. It's still also never really a great film unfortunately. I feel like Fukunaga was playing it safe overall, which hurt the film. (tt2382320) 68 out of 163 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 No Time To Die Prismark1021 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Bond is back at last. Daniel Craig is the longest serving Bond with the fewest films. Once again Bond is out of the service, bumming around the Caribbean. It's Felix Leiter who coaxes him back to action. Only to find that M has replaced him with a new 007. The target is a biological weapon that horns in on DNA. The British were developing it but lost it to Spectre, or so they thought. For Bond it's a reunion with Blofeld and Madeleine, a woman he thought he loved but let go, mistakenly. She never did have time to tell him her secret. However there is a new foe called Safin and he is bearing a grudge but it is against Spectre. The movie is long and lacks a spectacular action sequence. It also feels a lot like a Christopher Nolan film. Just check out all those black Range Rovers, the booming bass and the car action scenes. I also thought Safin himself was a weak baddie. I could understand his hatred for Blofeld but not against the world or Bond. The stirrings of a Louis Armstrong song at the beginning gives the impression that the movie will contain several farewells. For Bond there are also a few new character developments. He crosses swords with M. He has regrets and might need to make the ultimate sacrifice. The ending is rather faithful to the novel of You Only Live Twice. One big issue I have and this is something the producers need to consider in the future. The film has three villains with facial disfigurements. 61 out of 150 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 It's just a number nogodnomasters10 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers It takes 30 minutes to get to the opening credits. We discover Bond has a love in Madeleine (Léa Seydoux) and we discover she is the daughter of Spectre. After a near death experience Bond places her on a train and goes and lives on an island somewhere. He is drawn back into service with the re-emergence of the Heracles project which targets DNA and uses nanobots. Oh yeah. There is a remote island with a sinister lab on it. I am weary of the whole Spectre fight. The new personal aspects of Bond bored me. Daniel Craig is classless compared to Sean Connery and gets his hands way too dirty. The opening theme was lousy. It was certainly no "Diamonds are Forever." And the ending? Geesh. You thought fans were upset when Judi Dench was axed. I did like Ana de Armas as Paloma for the short time she was on the screen. Why didn't they write her a larger role? She would have been great during the end scenes. Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity. 385 out of 769 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 No time to say goodbye kosmasp13 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers When I first watched Daniel Craig 15 years ago, I was not ready for the direction they were taking the character. It felt like a good movie, but it felt quite divorced from the Bond I grew up with ... the Bond I knew. But apart from that effort being a Bond begins sort of thing (and this being the other end of that ... line), the franchise bit by bit gave us certain things ... we as viewers yearned for. While keeping it fresh. Bond ... James Bond! That line - one of many that are (in)famous in the long list of Bond movies - gets a new spin here. As is the iconic Bond shooting towards the camera. Now I could name many more things that this film revisits and I probably still would miss some. There are many references here, either visually or via audio. The beginning is quite the introduction ... it is almost funny because it takes its time. And it is funny because the rest sometimes feels rushed. There are many loose ends the movie wants to (neatly?) tie up. Another day, another Bond song, another Bond intro - although quite late in the game. Bond has grown - grown not just over the course of the movie Craig played him, but generally speaking. Society changes and Bond has no issue sitting on on the backseat of a motorbike, while a woman is driving. That is not enough for you to go on a rampage and scream "wokeness". Many known faces return, but many new ones too. Be it the ever excellent if only shortly used Ana de Armas (no pun intended) or our uber villain Rami Malek. Now while I really liked what I saw and while the running time is 2,5 hours ... there are things that can be seen and called flaws. You can question Bonds love to Eva Greens character ... or him still holding onto her, you can question methods used and how convenient certain things happen - or how some stunts would put the Fast and Furious franchise to shame ... but if you did that, you would derive yourself of a lot of fun. Not being aware of the previous entries may not be necessary, but you'll have a lot of things to discover and smile at, if you have seen at least some of them. Of course if it is only a few of them, make it the Craig Bonds, so you have the whole ... story. Generally speaking I can't wait to revisit all the movies. No time to watch (them)? Well make time ;) Also to conclude with a fun "fact": the title No time to Die has been used before ... by another movie in 2006. The year Daniel Craig became Bond! Coincidence? Or full circle? All kidding aside, I have not seen that movie (yet), so don't hate on me if it isn't any good. Otherwise, out with the old ... in with the new - whoever that may be and however the franchise is going to reinvent itself ... I'll be there - I hope you will be there too. 137 out of 299 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 I wasn't expecting that, very entertaining, if long. Sleepin_Dragon1 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers It felt as though we were never going to get to see this, but finally it's here, the question is, was it worth the wait? The answer, yes, really not what I was expecting, of course it's action packed, dramatic and high octane, but it actually boasts a good story, and perhaps shows us a slightly different side to the character. Plenty of action, plenty of style, and a real twist. I thought Daniel Craig was awesome, and I'm genuinely sad that he's leaving, it's fascinating now to know who'll take over. On the downside, it was a bit long, and it did lull a little in parts, but the action was enough to halt any dozing. Overall, very watchable, 8/10. 402 out of 689 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 No Time to Die jboothmillard24 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers The twenty-fifth Bond movie, reported as the last for the leading actor, was first delayed by the departure of original director Danny Boyle, due to creative differences, and then three or four times by the impact of COVID-19, with the lockdowns and restrictions. It became probably the most highly anticipated film in the franchise's history and was predicted to be the biggest film to bring audiences back to the cinemas. Finally, after almost two years of delays and waiting, it was released; I am a huge fan of Bond and I was super excited to see it on the big screen, co-written by Phoebe Waller-Bridge (Fleabag), directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga (Jane Eyre, Beasts of No Nation). Basically, in the opening flashback, Lyutsifer Safin (Rami Malek) visits the house of Mr. White, intending to kill him. He is not there, but his wife (Mathilde Bourbin) and daughter, young Madeleine Swann (Coline Defaud), are inside. While Safin kills White's wife, Madeline shoots him and flees, but Safin survives. He chases Madeline onto a nearby frozen lake, and she falls through the ice, but Safin rescues her. In the present, Madeleine (Léa Seydoux) is with James Bond (Daniel Craig) in Matera, following the capture of Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Christoph Waltz) and Bond's resignation. While he is there, Bond visits the tomb of his former lover Vesper Lynd, but he is ambushed by assassins from the Spectre organisation. The assassins, led by mercenary Primo aka "Cyclops" (Dali Benssalah), who has a cybernetic eye, chase Bond and Madeleine in Bond's gadget ladened Aston Martin DB5. Although they manage to overpower and evade the assassins, Bond believes Madeleine has betrayed him, despite her pleas, and leaves her. Five years later, MI6 scientist Valdo Obruchev (David Dencik) is kidnapped from a secret MI6 laboratory. With the approval of M (Ralph Fiennes), Obruchev had developed Project Heracles, a bioweapon containing nanobots that infect like a virus upon touch and are coded to an individual's DNA, rendering it lethal to the target and their relatives but harmless to others. Bond has retired to Jamaica, where he is contacted by his friend, CIA agent Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright), and his colleague Logan Ash (Billy Magnussen). Leiter asks for Bond's help in finding Obruchev, which he declines. But then he meets Nomi (Lashana Lynch), an MI6 agent who has been a Double-O for two years, becoming his successor as 007. She tells him about Project Heracles, after which Bond agrees to help Leiter, despite Nomi's warnings not to interfere. Bond goes to Cuba and meets CIA agent Paloma (Knives Out's Ana de Armas), as they infiltrate a Spectre meeting for Blofeld's birthday where they believe Obruchev will be. Still imprisoned in Belmarsh, Blofeld uses Primo's "bionic eye" to lead the meeting and order his members to kill Bond with a "nanobot mist". But the mist instead kills all the Spectre members, as Obruchev had reprogrammed the nanobots to infect them, on orders from Safin. Bond captures Obruchev and rendezvous with Leiter and Ash on a boat. But Ash reveals himself to be double agent working for Safin, he shoots Leiter and escapes with Obruchev. With a bomb exploded and the boat sinking, Bond is forced to leave the fatally wounded Felix, but he promises, before he dies, he will finish the mission. Moneypenny (Naomie Harris) and Q (Ben Whishaw) arrange a meeting between Bond and Blofeld in prison to try to find Obruchev. Safin visits and coerces Madeleine to infect herself with a nanobot dose to kill Blofeld, as she has been his only visitor since his incarceration. Bond and Madeleine are speechless seeing each other at Blofeld's prison cell, he touches her and unknowingly infects himself before she leaves. Blofeld confesses to Bond that he staged the ambush at Vesper's tomb to appear as if Madeleine had betrayed him. Bond reacts by attacking Blofeld, unintentionally causing the nanobots to infect and kill him. Bond tracks Madeleine to her childhood home in Norway and learns she has a five-year-old daughter, Mathilde (Lisa-Dorah Sonnet), but she claims she is not his. Madeleine tells him that when Safin was a boy, his parents were murdered by her father on Blofeld's orders. Safin was the sole survivor of Mr. White's dioxin attack on his family, leaving him facially disfigured from chemical burns. Having avenged his family by killing Blofeld and destroying Spectre, Safin continues his rampage with Ash. Safin's army pursue Bond, Madeleine, and Mathilde through the woods. Though Bond kills Ash and his thugs, Safin captures Madeleine and Mathilde. Safin's headquarters is located on an island between Japan and Russia, and harbours a missile base, converted to a nanobot factory, where Obruchev is mass-producing the technology so Safin can use it to kill millions of people. Q enables Bond and Nomi to infiltrate the base. Bond kills many of Safin's men while Nomi kills Obruchev by pushing him into a nanobot vat. Madeleine escapes captivity while Safin lets Mathilde go. Nomi takes Madeleine and Mathilde away from the island while Bond stays behind to open the island's blast-resistant silo doors, calling a missile strike from submarine HMS Dragon to destroy the factory. Bond kills Safin's remaining men, including Primo using electromagnetic pulse in his wristwatch to overload and explode the cybernetic eye in his head. Safin ambushes Bond, shooting and infecting him with a vial containing nanobots programmed to kill Madeleine and Mathilde upon his touch. Despite his injuries, Bond kills Safin after a fight and opens the silo doors. Speaking by radio with Madeleine, Bond tells her he loves her and encourages her to move on without him. In his final moments, Madeleine confirms that Mathilde is his daughter as Bond says goodbye. The missiles hit the island, destroying the nanobot factory and killing Bond. At MI6, M, Moneypenny, Nomi, Q and Tanner (Rory Kinnear) drink in Bond's memory. As Madeleine takes Mathilde to Matera, she tells her about her father, James Bond. Also starring Hugh Dennis as Dr. Hardy, Priyanga Burford as Dr. Symes, and Javone Prince as MI6 Security Guard. Craig makes the most of his final outing as the world's most famous spy being determined but also emotional, Seydoux (so far only the second Bond Girl to return, after Sylvia Trench) is beautiful and memorable as his lover, Lynch is reasonable in her annoyingly underwritten part, de Armas steals her scenes as the bubbly and slightly airheaded CIA agent, Malek is a bit too hammy and not very chilling as the villain, but Waltz gets a terrific Hannibal Lecter style cameo, and there is good support from Fiennes, Wright and Whishaw. It is a good story (the virus aspect being eerily relevant with the times we have lived in), filled with only occasional need for gadgets and gimmicks. It has drama and emotion, plenty of gripping chases, fights and explosive sequences, some humour, and the Billie Eilish title song (the second Bond song to hit Number One) is okay. You will notice things from previous entries popping up, including the Aston Martin V8 Volante from The Living Daylights (people have compared Craig's more aggressive Bond as similar to Timothy Dalton). But the most noticeable is the clever throwback to On Her Majesty's Secret Service, with the John Barry theme heard, and the song "We Have All the Time in the World". The 1969 film famously ended with Bond's wife being killed, in this one, Bond dies in a genuinely sad way (he goes out with a bang, literally), and the Louis Armstrong song plays in the end credits. There will be fans that will be shocked and maybe angry at producers breaking the golden rule (Bond must never die!), but Casino Royale started with Bond earning his Double-O status, and this is a brave, poignant, and (I think) suitable conclusion to Craig's tenure. It may be two hours and three quarters long, but it didn't feel like it, the time is used well, and this is just the kind of entertainment you need, and don't worry, "James Bond Will Return", a terrific spy action adventure. Very good! 32 out of 96 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink I enjoyed every second of it Gordon-111 October 2021 The story is really engaging. It didn't feel like 2.5 hours! I enjoyed every second of it. I like the bond between Daniel Craig and Lea Seydoux. The ending got me tearful. Who would have thought James Bond would make someone cry? 458 out of 792 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 That remains a James Bond movie for me, more than Skyfall searchanddestroy-111 October 2021 Of course the James Bond spirit is not exactly the same as the other films over decades. It is more gloomy, darker, with a total different face of our hero. You have in this movie many unexpected things, but the overall scheme remains à James Bond movie, maybe more than SKYFALL, which was far far more a crime thriller than an OO7 feature. Watch it again and compare. In a way, SKYFALL announced this one, with SPECTRE in the middle. Not the best Bond ever, but not the worst either. 90 out of 247 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 A fittingly mediocre conclusion of Craig's custodianship. CinemaSerf5 October 2021 I saw this with a friend who watched the original "Dr. No" (1962) at the time, and who proclaimed at the end of this 2¾ hour marathon that this just isn't "James Bond". My first "Bond" film was some fifteen years later but i was forced to agree with him. This isn't. I have never been the biggest fan of Daniel Craig - he completely lacks charisma on screen. There is no glint in his eye! Add to that the grim determination of the producers to rob the character of his flaws and foibles; to politically correct every aspect of the storylines and to generally sterilise what was always, essentially, a charming tale of light weight male chauvinism with espionage, shameless patriotism, gadgets, double entendre and a damn good theme tune. Here, Craig has precious little chemistry with either of his female co-stars and the baddie features so sparingly (though that maybe because he was double-jobbing for Lord Lloyd Webber at the Opera) that even by the end there just wasn't a sense of accumulated tension, peril or danger - indeed I just felt really quite underwhelmed. Of course, it is a fabulous looking film: the old Aston Martin makes a welcome return - as does the divine Louis Armstrong's "All the Time in the World" but I wonder how many of us will recall this film once the dust has settled. It has a role right now; it may well single-handedly rescue cinema from the horrible effects of lockdown, and for that is must be congratulated, but speaking as a lifelong Bond fan, I'd implore those at the helm of the next one: can we please get back to what Bond is entertaining at, what Ian Fleming designed him to be and stop imposing wafer-thin stories on equally thin, undercooked, characterisations and hope that nostalgia and John Barry et al will dupe us into thinking it is great? I don't care if the next 007 is gay/girl/coloured/one legged - but please can we get back to a story laced with humour and personality with a script that allows for nuance, sarcasm and charm. Otherwise, perhaps Bond has just served his purpose, it's time to move on? Sorry - I was really disappointed. 680 out of 1,199 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Is This Curtains for Daniel Craig? zardoz-1326 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Daniel Craig delivers a robust farewell performance as 007 in the 25th James Bond movie "No Time to Die," another long, drawn-out, often tedious extravaganza with lackluster villains capped off with a bizarre ending. Mind you, the 007 gang is all back, including Ms. Moneypenny (Naomie Harris), gadget guru Q (Ben Whishaw), Chief of Staff Tanner (Rory Kinnear), CIA agent Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright), and 007's crusty boss M (Ralph Fiennes) Head of MI6. Bond's perpetual enemy Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Oscar winner Christoph Waltz of "Inglourious Basterds") lurks on the periphery from his prison cell. Sadly, although he reappears here, Blofeld's screen time is far too minimal. Rami Malik's somnambulist villain Lyutsifer Safin epitomizes every Ian Fleming literary character who ever sought revenge. Worse, Safin's lack of stature in the gallery of audacious Bond adversaries doesn't serve him well. Meantime, too much of anything can be a bore, and Bond 25's biggest shortcoming is its length. Clocking in at a marathon 163 minutes, this 007 outing makes repeated allusions to "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" (1969). The least the Bond producers could have done is whittle 45 minutes off this meandering melodrama. Meanwhile, not only does Q have more than his usual number of scenes, but so also does M. Actually, M sets everything in motion with a cloak-and-dagger project codenamed Heracles that he conjured up without approval. Mind you, the $250 million budget makes "No Time to Die" look like a travelogue, with the scenic locales overshadowing the larger-than-life shenanigans. Indeed, "No Time to Die" boasts impressive production values, with Craig eager to engage his enemies with or without his license to kill. Unfortunately, little about "Beast of No Nation" director Cary Joji Fukunaga's entry in the cinematic Ian Fleming franchise is remarkable, except its ending. Ultimately, despite everything you may have heard to the contrary, the closing credits to "No Time to Die" conclude with the familiar phrase: JAMES BOND WILL RETURN. Compared with Craig's other Bond movies, "No Time to Die" makes Craig's most abysmal outing "Quantum of Solace" appear superior on several counts. "No Time to Die" unfolds in the past, with Madeleine Swann as a child (newcomer Coline Defaud), living with her mother (Mathilde Bourbin of "Louise"), in a remote but picturesque domicile in the middle of a snow-swept, Norwegian forest on the edge of a frozen lake. Madeleine's mom is Mr. White's wife. Earlier, the notorious Mr. White appeared in both "Casino Royale" (2006) and "Quantum of Solace" (2008) as an enemy agent who tangled with Bond. This opening scene occurs long before either of those Bond escapades. An enigmatic stranger garbed in military apparel, wearing a Japanese Noh mask, and armed with an assault rifle, arrives at Mr. White's house. Lyutsifer Safin (Rami Malik) has come to kill Mr. White because he murdered Safin's parents and family. Seeking payback, Safin has to settle for killing White's wife, since White isn't home. Madeleine manages to shoot Safin, but she doesn't kill him. Instead, fleeing from the house, she crosses onto the frozen lake, plunges through thin ice, and almost drowns. Ironically, Safin rescues Madeleine. Afterward, "No Time to Die" fast-forwards into the future. We learn James Bond has not only retired from MI6, but he has also fallen in love with an adult Madeleine. If you missed the previous Bond "Spectre" (2015), you should watch it. Meantime, the couple are vacationing in sunny Italy near the cemetery where Bond's long, lost "Casino Royale" lover Vesper Lynd is buried. Sentimental sap that Bond is, he visits her grave. Moments before the gravesite blows up in his face, Bond spots a business card with Spectre's symbol--an octopus--embossed on it. Naturally, Bond thinks Madeleine wanted to kill him. She didn't, but he doesn't learn this until five years later. More Spectre assassins emerge to kill our hero, but he survives their futile attempts on his life. Meanwhile, terrorists break into a secret MI6 laboratory and kidnap a scientist, Valdo Obruchev (David Dencik of "The Snowman"), who has been developing Project Herakles, a deadly, top-secret, DNA-based bioweapon teeming with nanobots that can infect a person like a virus. Worst, Herakles was M's brainchild, and it was supposed to enable an assassin to kill a target in a crowd without harming anybody else. Eventually, Madeleine and Bond reunite when MI6 dispatches Bond to a maximum-security British prison where Blofeld is held. Madeleine (Léa Seydoux of "The Lobster") is Blofeld's psychiatrist. Blofeld confesses to Bond that he--not Madeleine--tried to kill him in Italy. Anything more about this elaborate plot would either be confusing or spoil the impending revelations. Like a standard issue Bond opus, our hero tracks down Obruchev and finds him on Safin's private island where the villain cultivates poisonous plants in an exotic garden. Mind you, this garden is something the writers took from Ian Fleming's second-to-last Bond novel "You Only Live Twice." Apart from two impressive, bullet-riddled, stunt-laden, action scenes featured in the "No Time to Die" trailer, nothing here will spike your blood pressure. Typically, the flamboyant villains make Bond movies memorable. Alas, Blofeld has only a couple of scenes, while Safin doesn't pose much of a physical threat. Daniel Craig and Léa Seydoux generate only a modicum of chemistry as lovers. The other letdown is MI6 agent Nomi (Lashana Lynch of "Captain Marvel"), who has inherited Bond's number 007. She adds little to the fireworks that spotlight her mettle. Altogether, "No Time To Die" qualifies as a fair-to-middling thriller. 86 out of 151 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 A fitting swan song for Craig as 007 delivers all the goods. george.schmidt8 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers NO TIME TO DIE (2021) ***1/2 Daniel Craig, Lea Seydoux, Rami Malek, Lashana Lynch, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Whishaw, Naomie Harris, Rory Kinnear, Jeffrey Wright, Billy Magnussen, Christsoph Waltz, David Dencik, Ana de Armas, Dali Benssalah. Craig's swan song as 007 delivers all the goods with his brute force tactics and surprising vulnerability are on tap when his services are requested after 5 years retirement to stop baddie Lyutsifer Safin (silky Malek) from infiltrating a deadly nanobot virus via DNA into the world populace while also nursing his love for Seydoux who is in the mix in oh so many ways. Filmmaker Cary Joji Fukunaga (who collaborated on the screenplay with Nal Purvis, Robert Wade and Phoebe Waller-Bridge) infuses death-defying set pieces with visual flair to spare (best viewed in Imax) as well as some much needed dry wit and humor. 248 out of 463 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Terrific neil-47620 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Newly retired James Bond and bride Madeleine are enjoying scenic travelling despite the secrets they both know the other has. Those secrets blow the couple apart and Bond goes off the grid until - well, reasons. It is difficult to give much plot commentary without risking spoilers and, of all the Bonds, this has more potential for spoilers than any of them. So let me mention specific but non-plot items. The opening sequence is the most genuinely chilling sequence in any Bond film. The multiple nods to previous Bond - both books and films (dialogue, music, set design etc.) - are affectionate and organic rather than knowing nudges. New director Cary Joji Fukanaga shows that Sam Mendes doesn't have a monopoly on making Bond movies look gorgeous. Lea Seydoux, reprising an underwritten Madeleine, is spectacularly good. Ana De Armas features in a sequence which is huge fun, but it's not too difficult to recognise that it was shoehorned in at a late stage, because 2 lines of dialogue would have sufficed to replace it in the story. And perhaps it is fair to comment that a feature of the Craig Bonds has been each film revealing another layer like nesting Russian dolls, and the baddie here has an air of being added to extend the saga after an effective full ending at the conclusion of Spectre. But I'm not complaining because, following Craig's decision to OK, I'll do another one but no more, this is a good, good end to his five Bond films. And I'm now prepared to say that his Bond is the best screen Bond. My reason for this is that his is the only Bond who has been a human being - capable of cold suppression of emotion in order to do his job, but a real person nonetheless. The other Bonds have all been actors playing characters. I choked up at the music choice over the closing credits. 58 out of 178 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Craig's last Bond film is also his weakest gridoon20211 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers The first 20-25 minutes are superb (from the music to the location to the acting to the action), but then the titles fall (cool titles, bland song), and the movie never quite reaches those heights again. For such a long, bloated running time it's too talky and surprisingly short on action; in fact, there are only two other notable set-pieces, the car chase in the woods and Ana de Armas brightening up the screen as an overeager, bubbly yet skilled and deadly agent. Most of the rest of the action is uninspired, and in the climactic sequence (just a regular attack-on-the-enemy-fortress we've seen hundreds of times) often dim and murky (Tomorrow Never Dies did this sort of thing much better, and so did some of the Roger Moore Bonds). The plot is formulaic (biological weapon....again), and its treatment of several key players from previous installments disappointing. The ending is pretty silly - it leaves a mess behind that the (inevitable) next chapter will either have to work a whale of a story to get around or (more likely) will ignore altogether. Craig does succeed at embodying a very human Bond, yet I can't help but think that he never really got the chance to do a FUN James Bond living the high life: in Casino he is earning his stripes, in Quantum he is seeking vengeance, in Skyfall he is already tired and resigned, in No Time his circle comes to an end. I guess he came closest to having a good time in Spectre, which is why that film is still my favorite of the five he made. **1/2 out of 4. 372 out of 671 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Welcome back and Adieu ferguson-66 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Greetings again from the darkness. Bond 25 is here, and it's quite a curtain call for actor Daniel Craig. The film's release has been postponed numerous times since September 2019, which has caused expectations and anxiety to build amongst Bond fans. It's been almost six years since SPECTRE (2015), and this is Daniel Craig's fifth and final turn as 007. This production faced challenges even before the pandemic hit. Cary Joji Fukunaga (best known for "True Detective" and BEASTS OF NO NATION, 2015) was hired to direct after Danny Boyle stepped down (or whatever happened), and Phoebe Waller-Bridge was brought in to spice up the dialogue on the script from Fukunaga, Neal Purvis, and Robert Wade (the latter two having been involved in writing all five Bond movies for Craig). Of course, it's Ian Fleming to whom we stand eternally grateful for the original characters. For those accustomed to the James Bond cinematic formula, you'll notice quite a few differences - beginning with the opening scenes. Traditionally, breathtaking action kicks off the film; but this time a shift in tone and style serves up a tension-filled opening that occurs five years prior to the rest of the story. It takes a few minutes before we get the first true action sequence. Of course, we must keep in mind that we are dealing with a "retired" James Bond (don't worry, it's not like "fat Thor") ... in fact, there's already a replacement 007 and she (Lashana Lynch, CAPTAIN MARVEL, 2019) packs quite an attitude and skill set. It's his old CIA buddy, Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright), who draws Bond back into the espionage game, and of course, the reason is to save the world (what else could it be?). This year's world-domination-seeking villain is the cleverly named Lyutsifer Safin, and he's played by Oscar winner Rami Malek (BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY, 2018). Safin is a low-key baddie whose weapon is a DNA-altering chemical that's probably a bit overly complex for a Bond movie, and it's also a bit strange that Safin/Malek only has a few substantive scenes. For those who saw SPECTRE, you'll recognize many of the faces, including Lea Seydoux as Madeleine Swann, Ralph Fiennes as M, Ben Whishaw as Q, Rory Kinnear as Tanner, and Naomie Harris as Moneypenny. Also back for a terrific scene is Oscar winner Christoph Waltz as Blofield. The new faces include the aforementioned Lashana Lynch as Nomi, Billy Magnusson as Logan Ash, and Craig's KNIVES OUT co-star Ana de Armas as Paloma. Ms. De Armas brings a jolt of energy and some smiles to the proceedings, and it's a shame her appearance is so short. It's unusual for a Bond song to win its Grammy before the movie is ever released, but that's exactly what happened for Billie Eilish's achingly somber title song. Oscar winner Hans Zimmer (THE LION KIING) delivers a wonderful score in his first Bond outing (you'll hear how he incorporates the Eilish song), and the cinematography from Oscar winner Linus Sandgren (LA LA LAND) is everything we could hope for in the action sequences (there is no shortage of bombs), as well as the quiet moments. Speaking of the quiet moments, this is undoubtedly the most sentimental and emotional of all Bond films. Sure, we get the amazing set pieces, the crazy stunts, the awesome Aston Martin (until it isn't), the cool gadgets, the wisecracks, and the shootouts - but we also get Bond at his most reflective and personal. There is a line in the film, "Letting go is hard." And it is ... both for Bond and for us. So welcome back and adieu, Mr. Bond. Craig. Daniel Craig. The film opens in U. S. theaters on October 8, 2021. 152 out of 327 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Blofeld sends his regards. bombersflyup12 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers No Time to Die engages in its farewell, but still finds itself near the bottom of the heap. The opening's solid, the Billie Eilish song okay, the credits dull. Interesting plot, can relate to the COVID shot in a way. I'm surprised and disappointed Ana de Armas isn't in it more, though Lea Seydoux does a fine job. Craig's films while never among the best, aren't among the worst either. This one drops off a bit though and the PC levels set fire to what the franchise is built on and part of what makes it great. Credit that it has the "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" theme and "We Have all the Time in the World," the high point of the franchise, no mention of Tracy though. Craig the usual, Waltz good as Blofeld but limited like de Armas. Negatively Malek as the bad guy doesn't give a performance and other characters including the new 007, woeful. 47 out of 65 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Better than average! mm-3914 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers No time to die well is a must watch for Bond fans. I believe No Time to die may put to rest a much tired movie series. The first third starts out with a mystery. Why is the guy there and who is that young gal? Bond has a life of leisure with a true love, but in true Bond fashion Bond is who Bond can not live in peace. There is a memorable bad guy with one eye etc and a conflict with a mysterious girlfriend. 10 out of ten . The middle gets bogged down with the usual government loses something story line. Bond which is a non p c series has some woke characters, the over tough gal, and whippy guy flat characters which drags the story but thankfully the characters become more believable later on. The cool gadgets are back in the middle. The bad guy is interesting, but the story has predictable video game style action. Middle is 5 stars. The bottom third has the usual, eye roll, Bond count down, and Bond saves the world. Bond has a family, which does not mix with Bond's living on the edge lifestyle. Some of the Bond action is video game ish, which is bit much. The story all folds together with an interesting sub plots and a surprise ending. I give the ending a 7. Not the best ending, but a must see for Bond fans. Well directed and acted. 7 stars. 26 out of 116 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 A stunning conclusion Mr-Fusion31 October 2021 Much has been made about No Time To Die bringing the Daniel Craig era to completion, so I'll skip past this. No, this is a perfect dose of escapism; intense, emotional and brimming with action. It picks up the best hanging threads from Casino Royale and Skyfall, throws in some callbacks to classic Bond movies and allows Craig to leave an immense mark on this franchise. I'm thankful that he didn't walk away after Spectre, and really delivered something to savor here. Given the runtime, this could've been a last gasp - but far from it. This is a joyride well worth taking. ... And lest I forget, the most brilliant use of an f-bomb I've heard in a very long time. Ralph Fiennes is a treasure. 47 out of 123 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 A Lot For All Bond Fans To Enjoy DKosty1239 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Because of a World Wide Pandemic which in some quarters has motives like the ruin the world, James Bond is back again trying to save the world. In order to do so he must deal with the old criminal organization Spectre and Blowfeld who has been the bad guys for many years it seems. The difference here is that they are really red herrings being used by a mad man who wants to kill a majority of the world's population using a high technology bug that is programmed to kill people by their DNA. For the long time Bond fan, the biggest hint about the movie is before the opening credits. There is a long sequence where Bond tells the lovely woman he is with they have "all the time in the world". The theme from his Majesty's Secret Service runs through the film. It's closing credits even feature a great stereo remastering of Louis Armstrong doing the original theme from the George L (Bond) only film of the late 1960's. One strange thing in the world of Bond. Years ago Blowfeld was totally bald. This many years later he has hair. Perhaps he saw those Bosley ads for getting rid of baldness in the years after. Lea Seydoux the second French actress to be a Bond Woman in the series and Madeline for the second straight film after Spectre is indeed a tough Bond woman with a gun. Ralph Fiennes continues his role from Spectre (2015) as M. Naomi Harris is in her second straight as Moneypenny though. She played Eve in Skyfall so this is her third straight Bond and along with Maude Adams has played 2 women characters in the series. This generations regulars are all here along with a portrait of one tough special Judi Dench portrait that appears in a hallway late in the film. While the film keeps all the Fleming characters and the usual save the world plot, it is done freshly enough for even viewers not born yet when the series began to enjoy the action and the acting. Since Daniel Craig has been Bond the acting has gained more importance and balance with the action. It has been a welcome change. Each man who played Bond had different ways to do it and there were times that action and special effects took priority over acting. That has changed and is one of the strengths of this one. While the film feels like nonstop action, there is some acting here too. The ending might come as a shock to long time Bond fans, but considering this series it is something which was done in more than 1 of the Bond Films in the beginning, only this time it appears to be done for good. Spoiler- the film also discloses that Bond and Madeline have a daughter now. This is the first actual recorded sibling of Bond though there were enough scenes over the years in Bond films to suggest an episode of Maury Povich doing DNA tests on some of the other ladies he had recreation with. Finally though, yes James, you are the father. Scenery is still a big part of this and many filming locations were used in this one. This tradition has always been a part of the series. At the end it does say "Bond will return", but the feeling here is that the form of his return will be as a her. The set up very much looks that way. The Bond women are getting nicer curves, but that is nothing unusual. It is a concession to the times, and is welcome too. Women built thin like guys are not in style as much as years ago after so many young ladies starved themselves. Not enough of them tried to have the nice figure of Ursala Andress and we are finally making up for it. Having lived long enough to remember the late Connery, Lazenby, late Moore, Dalton, Brosnan, late Niven, late Nelson, and Craig is a feat unto itself. Nelson's Climax TV episode live performance of 007 in 1954 led to all the others. It has been an amazing road. While the plots have changed and remained the same, Director Cary Joji Fukunaga does an amazing job making this film feel like it is supposed too. Armstrong at the end is a reminder of how much has changed since all this began. Louis, we've had all the time in the world to follow Bond every step of the way. 105 out of 256 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Cinema Omnivore - No Time to Die (2021) 6.5/10 lasttimeisaw5 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers "NO TIME TO DIE, with a record-breaking 163-minute length, runs out of steam halfway through, after the Cuban part to be specific, where a bombshell Paloma (de Armas, lissom, light-hearted and lethal) knocks us dead with boffolas and her pliability. After that the situation gets glummer, the story goes more formulaic, take the example of the scene where Blofeld (Waltz), the head of SPECTRE, pops his clogs. It is designed to give audience a God's view (we know what is going to happen but Bond doesn't) with Bond suddenly losing his sangfroid and getting steamed up, all just to let him unknowingly pass the nanobots to Blofeld, it is too obvious a plot twist, wielded without much tact though." read my full review on my blog: Cinema Omnivore, thanks. 63 out of 176 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 2/10 Bland Bond thesar-216 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers For how long and boring this is, you'll actually have plenty of time to die. Wow. This isn't just the most plain looking James Bond movie, it's one of the most ick looking and feeling movies I've seen in a long time. So lifeless, meaningless and despite the significance of this movie - Daniel Craig's last time as Bond, so get ready for a reboot next time, I seriously cannot recommend this film to anyone. Once again, Bond has retired (I think this is his 12th retirement) and found the love of his life (also, 12th "true love,") but an old foe is bringing him back in for Queen and Country. I simply cannot get over how dull this movie looks and how uninterested the actors were for being here. We even had two incredible actors as Bond Villains: Christoph Waltz and Rami Malek and both svcked HARD. In fact, Rami seemingly got acting lessons from Eddie Redmayne in Jupiter Ascending. Makes sense since they're both Oscar winners and both whisper their way as sleepy villains. Admittedly there are mere moments of delightful cinematography on screen and some of the jokes landed, but there is absolutely nothing here that would/should justify the nearly 3-hour, slowly paced movie. I appreciate them adding in so many of the normal Bond tropes, and yet, even those felt like they just had to be there. I'm sure Craig got paid a lot and good for him. I didn't hate this movie like I did with Spectre, but it did make me want this Craig era to be over. Sad. When he started it all in Casino Royale, 15 years ago, he quickly became my favorite Bond (and with that movie, my favorite Bond song and overall chapter) and now I'm shooing him away and praying the next one will take its time to perfect it with someone who actually cares about playing this historic role. *** Final Thoughts: At least we finally found out what "Q" stands for. 236 out of 351 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 more of the same, but longer and slower FeastMode20 October 2021 I'm not a big fan of the daniel craig james bond series (ratings in order, 5, 5, 7, 5). But i love action movies. This is more of the same, but longer and slower. It tested my patience. It's generally well made with some good action but not a single scene i will remember in a week. And by the end, during the climax, i just wanted it to be over so i could leave. Also, i was excited to see what rami malek could do with the villain role. He was the first name in the credits (other than daniel craig). "starring rami malek." yet he was in the movie for about 11 minutes. The movie is 2 hours and 43 minutes long. How does he have zero character development and unclear motivations? The villain character (not the actor) added nothing to this movie Caveat: i didn't revisit the previous movies so i wasn't able to follow some of the references to previous movies. (1 viewing, 10/19/2021) 158 out of 235 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 A more than satisfying swansong for Daniel Craig as Bond wellthatswhatithinkanyway14 October 2021 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning James Bond (Daniel Craig) has retired from active service, and is now living in Jamaica, with Madeleine (Lea Seydoux), the girl from his last encounter with SPECTRE. All seems well, until a series of attempts on his life leads him to think she might be behind it. Meanwhile, in London, an armed break in at a chemical laboratory results in the apparent kidnapping of Dr. Obruchev (David Denicik.) It all leads to the path of incarcerated criminal Lyetsifer Safin (Rami Malek), setting a course for Bond and Madeleine's paths to intersect once again. It has felt like a lifetime ago now that the massive hype and eager anticipation for Daniel Craig's final Bond film was first about, before the unthinkable global pandemic struck, and the release date got set all the way back to the present day, where it has absolutely smashed global box office records. At five films, Craig has lasted the course as long as the original greats Connery and Moore, his image now as personified in the character as those whose shoes he had to fill. With that in mind, it's ironic that director Cary Joui Fukanaga pays such an homage to the Bond film starring George Lazenby, who played him only once, in the shape of On Her Majesty's Secret Service, with Louis Armstrong's melodic theme song We Have All the Time in the World playing over the soundtrack at various points, as well as the downbeat fatalism that defined that Bond outing from all the others. Craig's Bond has been a grittier, more hard edged Bond in general, and in its bowing out here, Fukanaga goes Hell for leather, cranking the brutal intensity of Craig's last four Bond entries all together, and giving it everything with a film running over two and a half hours, with some light humour awkwardly inserted in. It's the final part of what defines Craig's Bond, and in that it's everything you expect it to be, ur it's also a love song to the Bond franchise in general, from the more modern, unflinching stuff, right through to the 'secret organisation' stuff when it began in the 60's nearly sixty years ago, that everyone won't be able to help loving. **** 67 out of 182 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 Going out with a bang! MOscarbradley15 October 2021 They tried to tell us it's too long and at 163 minutes "No Time to Die" is indeed the longest of the Bond movies but don't let that colour your judgement; this is still one hell of a rollercoaster ride and if Daniel Craig, in his final appearance as Commander Bond, is looking his age, remember he's now 'retired' and probably closer in demeanour to a middle-aged spy than at any time in the franchise. You must also remember that the Craig Bond's, unlike those of his predecessors, have followed a trajectory from "Casino Royale", (the first of the Ian Fleming novels), right through to the present, each one a kind of sequel to the one before and while Craig may not be everyone's favourite Bond he is, at least, unique in that respect. You might even say the entire Bond saga belongs to him. The next point to consider, of course, is is it any good or rather is it as good as the others and the answers to both questions is a resounding yes. This is an action flic of the first order, exciting, funny and, for the most part, intelligent. It's also surprisingly old-fashioned. Here is a Bond movie that goes back to the roots of the franchise, all the way to "Dr. No" in fact. The gadgets are still there and used to good effect but this is a much more character driven piece and in Rami Malek it has one of the great Bond villains, (could Malek become the first Bond villain to pick up an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor?). Admittedly the plot is quite far-fetched. We may not be in "Moonraker" territory but you may still have to see the film twice just to figure out what's going on. Also in keeping with previous Craig Bond's it's not afraid to introduce plot twists that should have a lasting impact on the series, presuming, of course, that the producers wish audiences to take any forthcoming films seriously. In what we now know will be his last appearance in the role it would be nice to say that this is Craig's film and while he certainly brings gravitas to the part it is Malek who steals the movie and if the film itself isn't quite the best of the series it's certainly up there. If this doesn't bring the punters in, nothing will. 61 out of 163 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 21st century Bond dromasca4 October 2021 One of my guilty pleasures as a moviegoer is watching James Bond movies and I have no intention of apologising for that. Thus, I watched as soon as I had the opportunity 'No Time to Die' directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, the latest film in the series, whose release has already been postponed several times and which finally meets the screens and its viewers this cinematic fall of the year 2021. The James Bond film series is approaching the age of 60. All Bond movies start from the same premises and have the same hero, but the way he looks and behaves and the structuring of the story have evolved over time. This says a lot about how cinematic entertainment was and is perceived and accepted in the movies of the big studios. A lot has happened during these years. The hero evolved from the nonchalant and humorous commander in Fleming's books and played by Sean Connery to the complex and gloomy character in the last series, played by Daniel Craig. The original 007 had gone through the experience of World War II and was active during the Cold War. He was excused for his womanising as many things are excused to war heroes, and there was no room for moral doubt concerning his actions because he lived in an age when it was clear who were the good guys and who were the bad guys. Thee 21st century James Bond lives and acts in the turbulent era after the fall of communism and after the novels of John Le Carre were written. Today's enemies are not ideological, and screenwriters of such films (not just those in the Bond series) often prefer not to identify them politically, ethnically, or religiously. On the other hand, the romantic implications of the character are no longer devoid of substance. James no longer conquers but falls in love. From Bond the Don Juan we now (almost) get Bond the family man. One of the qualities of the script in 'No Time to Die' is that it manages to describe at this stage of the character's evolution a story that is acceptable by today's standards of the big studios and is somewhat credible in terms of character psychology. Craig's James Bond has been throughout this series and is in this film also a real character, not just a two-dimensional comics book figure. What I liked about 'No Time to Die'? Daniel Craig. Action scenes, car chases and stunts that show ingenuity in a few moments (just when we thought we saw everything in this area) and use the landscapes spectacularly, especially in Italian villages. Humour and self-humour. The presence of Ralph Fiennes, an actor who can do anything on screen and I will like it. Ana de Armas, a classic Bond-girl who I hope will survive until the next series. What I liked less? Rami Malek, an actor who constantly disappoints me and who plays a mediocre bad guy here. Lea Seydoux is OK, but her relationship with Bond lacks chemistry. The dose of melodrama introduced in the script towards the end. The scientific pretext, which is thin and I could not understand what they were brewing in those pools (not that it would be important). 'No Time to Die' honorably concludes the Daniel Craig chapter of the Bond epic. It's not the best Bond I've ever seen, but it's above average. I look forward to the next reincarnation. 162 out of 319 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink An error has occured. Please try again. Load More See also Awards | FAQ | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews No Time to Die Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Filmes 2021 a list of 31 titles created 10 months ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago Movies i have seen 2021 a list of 30 titles created 10 months ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.