No Time to Die (2021) - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2382320/news/?ref_=tt_nwr_sm
No Time to Die (2021) - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In No Time to Die (2021) News Video: Let’s chat with the cinematographers of ‘Belfast,’ ‘Being the Ricardos,’ ‘Power of the Dog’ and ‘No Time to Die’ 17 November 2021 by Tom O'Neil Gold Derby Watch our individual interviews with four of Hollywood’s leading cinematographers in competition for the Oscar and other major awards this derby season: Jeff Cronenweth (‘Being the Ricardos”), Haris Zambarloukos (“Belfast”), Linus Sandgren (“No Time to Die”) and Ari Wegner (“The Power of the Dog”). The Q&As are followed by a lively group roundtable chat moderated by Gold Derby’s Creative and Digital Director Chris Rosen. See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Tops U.K. Box Office, ‘No Time to Die’ Continues Blockbuster Business 16 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety Disney release “Eternals” continued to rule the U.K. and Ireland box office for the second weekend in succession with £2.9 million ($3.9 million), according to numbers released by Comscore. The latest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, directed by Oscar winner Chloé Zhao, now has a total of £10.5 million after two weekends. James Bond film “No Time to Die,” from Universal, continued its blockbuster business with £1.5 million in second position after seven weekends and now has a mighty total of £92.7 million. In its fourth weekend, Warner Bros.’ epic adaptation of Frank Herbert’s “Dune,” placed third with £1.17 and has now grossed £18.9 million. Eros STX’s Princess Diana film “Spencer,” starring Kristen Stewart, collected £698,065 in its second weekend in fourth place and now has a total of £1.5 million. Rounding off the top five was Universal’s “The Boss Baby: Family Business,” which collected £574,219 in its fourth weekend and has a total of £6.4 million. See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this New SNL Writers on Season 47: ‘Please Don’t Destroy’ Makes Resounding Debut 16 November 2021 by Mireille Karadanaian Hollywood Insider Photo: New SNL Saturday Night Live is in its 47th season this year, the long-running and highly successful late-night comedy show acting as a staple in the entertainment industry. The premiere episode, which aired earlier this month, teased a cast of new writers, who are to join SNL and redefine the new generation of actors and producers. Ten new writers have been hired for this season, the team now including names like Mike Dicenzo, former Fallon writer, and Alex English, a performer from ‘That Damn Michael Che.’ Most notably, an internet sensation is known as ‘Please Don’t Destroy,’ made up of three talented writers and creators who have been blowing up recently. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Bond Related See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this No Time To Die Blu-Ray Will Let You Bring Bond Home For Christmas 16 November 2021 by Chris Evangelista Slash Film "No Time to Die," Daniel Craig's final outing as James Bond, is coming to Blu-ray and 4K just in time for Christmas. Directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, "No Time to Die" goes where no other Bond film has gone before by giving audiences a definitive conclusion to Craig's entire run as Bond, wrapping up stories first presented back in "Casino Royale." The film was delayed for theatrical release multiple times due to Covid-19, before finally arriving in October. It recently made its digital debut, and now, the Blu-ray/4K release is set for December. Learn more about the impending release, including the special features included, below. Sadly,... The post No Time to Die Blu-ray Will Let You Bring Bond Home For Christmas appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this No Time To Die Arrives on 4K Ultra HD in Time for Christmas 16 November 2021 by Jordan Maison Cinelinx You’ll be able to bring home Daniel Craig’s final Bond film, No Time To Die, in time for the Holidays…just barely. This morning brings details on the home entertainment release for the latest James Bond film, No Time to Die. While you can already snag it via digital/On Demand platforms, there’s no beating a physical […] Source See full article at Cinelinx » Permalink Report this Joe Pera Returns To Talk With Us 16 November 2021 by Brianna Benozich Hollywood Insider Photo: Joe Pera Introduction ‘Joe Pera Talks With You’ isn’t like anything else on Adult Swim. Adult Swim shows are usually associated with the words “weird”, “raunchy”, and the occasional “gory'' thanks to ‘Robot Chicken’. ‘Joe Pera Talks With You’, on the other hand, is wholesome, loving, and simple. Adult Swim prides itself on being subversive and Joe Pera’s show subverts the expectations that one has when they turn on the often disturbing channel. ‘Joe Pera Talks With You’ is back for a third season and after the awful past two years that we have experienced, Pera’s wholesome outlook on life is much needed. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Bond Related article: 'No Time to Die See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this James Bond in ‘No Time to Die’ Plots 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Course 16 November 2021 TheHDRoom Universal Pictures Home Entertainment want you to unwrap Daniel Craig's final outing as James Bond this Christmas. They'll achieve this with a December 21st release date for No Time to Die on 4K Ultra HD, Blu-ray and Digital. The 4K format version of No Time to Die includes Hdr and Dolby Atmos audio, and you can pre-order it at Amazon* right now for a discounted price. With this release date announcement comes a lovely collection of bonus features including a rare 4K Uhd exlusive. Here's a breakdown of all the No Time to Die extras with the 4K exclusive marked with an asterisk. Anatomy Of A Scene: Matera – In true Bond fashion, there is an incredible pre-credit sequence featured in No Time To Die. A breathless chase shot in Matera that starts on foot, then motorcycle, then car. Not just any car either - the iconic Aston Martin DB See full article at TheHDRoom » Permalink Report this ‘No Time to Die’ Sweeps VOD Charts as Netflix Originals Dominate the Streamer’s Top 10 15 November 2021 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire Exhibitors who still believe that studios might settle on a 45-day minimum on theatrical exclusivity saw their hopes crushed by “No Time to Die.” A month after its release, United Artists debuted the title on Premium VOD at $19.99. The timing parallels Universal’s 31-day strategy for films that open over $50 million. As anticipated, the latest James Bond immediately placed #1 on multiple charts, both those ranking by transactions and revenue (Vudu). The film remained at #4 in theaters over the weekend, with a 23 percent drop the second lowest among top 10 films. Once again, the home-viewing marketing push also appeared to benefit ticket sales. Disney is #2 and #3 across the board, as represented by “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” ($19.99) and “Free Guy” ($5.99), respectively. Four other Disney titles, led by “Jungle Cruise” ($12.99) and “Black Widow” ($5.99), took 10 of the 30 positions on the charts. More impressive is that all but “Free Guy” now stream free for Disney + subscribers. See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this ‘Red Notice’: Dwayne Johnson, Gal Gadot & Ryan Reynolds Netflix Movie KOs ‘Shang-Chi’ In Streaming Debut Per Samba TV 15 November 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Netflix’s $200M Dwayne Johnson, Gal Gadot and Ryan Reynolds feature Red Notice was a sensation in U.S. Samba TV measured households, pulling in an awesome 4.2M in its Friday-Sunday debut. The Rawson Marshall Thurber written and directed movie decimated the first weekend viewership of Marvel’s Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings on Disney+ which became available to the streamer’s subscribers for free on Nov. 12, Disney+ Day; the pic ultimately being watched by 1.7M U.S. households in its first weekend. Red Notice‘s audience also blows away the first weekend viewership of any movie on HBO Max, Amazon and Disney+ as measured by Samba TV. Red Notice is higher than HBO Max’s first 3 days of Mortal Kombat (3.8M), Wonder Woman 1984 which also starred Gadot (2.2M) and Dune (1.9M). It also bests Amazon’s first four days of the Tomorrow War (2.4M) and See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Who you gonna call? ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife’ hopes to scare up ticket sales 37 years after original film 15 November 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby A whopping 37 years after the original “Ghostbusters” movie hit theaters and 32 years after the sequel, it’s finally time for the third narrative installment, “Ghostbusters: Afterlife.” Reprising their roles in Sony’s highly anticipated film, which was delayed multiple times by the pandemic, are Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Sigourney Weaver and Annie Potts, with the late Harold Ramis appearing via archival footage. Carrie Coon, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace and Paul Rudd are the fresh cast members who drive the current story. Will audiences flock to “Ghostbusters III” when it opens on Friday? Beginning right now at Gold Derby, you can make your box office predictions for what movies will earn the #1 through #5 spots at the U.S. box office for this weekend, November 19 – November 21. You can also forecast how much money the weekend’s highest-grossing film will rake in. Each week the eligible user with the highest prediction See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Inside Rebecca Hall’s Directorial Debut ‘Passing’ Leaves No Space For Shades of Gray 15 November 2021 by Ana Cobo Hollywood Insider Photo: 'Passing' ‘Passing’ is Netflix's new film, wisely shot in black and white. The monochromatic movie is a story that leaves no space for shades of gray but takes you inside a world where color is taken extremely seriously. In Rebecca Hall's directorial debut, Hall did not bypass her opportunity to share parts of what shaped her. She was well aware of the utensils needed inside her director's toolbox, consciously manipulating every frame to her advantage. ‘Passing’ recounts the tale of two black women who might “pass” as white in a segregated society. One of them embraces her natural background as a black woman, while the other strays entirely away from it. Irene Redfield (Tessa Thompson) seems like a woman content with her life. A doctor for a husband and two beautiful kids, but as the old saying goes, nothing is ever what it seems. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this Saturday Night Live Season 47: The Show Returns to NBC With New Cast Members 15 November 2021 by Mireille Karadanaian Hollywood Insider Photo: Saturday Night Live SNL is one of the most renowned comedy late-night shows of our century. Its ability to spoof at real-life problems and events in an entertaining and still provocative way is the reason why Saturday night live has maintained its fame and credibility Saturday night live originally premiered on October 11 of 1975 hosted by George Carlin. Its streaming service has still remained the same, NBC, but its original title was NBC Saturday night. It was created by Loren Michaels and Dick Eberson in their mission to bring to life their vision for a live television sketch comedy series. Now Michael serves as one of the program’s showrunners and helps maintain its authenticity. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ wins box office again, Best Picture front-runner ‘Belfast’ has solid debut 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The discourse around Marvel’s “Eternals” burned bright and fast, with blistering reviews calling the Chloe Zhao film one of the franchise’s worst entries. But that hasn’t stopped audiences from buying tickets to the film. Despite dipping 61 percent from its debut, “Eternals” earned an estimated $27.5 million for a total gross of $118.8 million in North America. Its worldwide total is now more than $284 million. Overall, it was an unremarkable weekend at the box office — “Clifford the Big Red Dog” finished in second place with an estimated total of $16.3 million for a $22 million total since its mid-week release; the kids’ movie is also streaming on Paramount+ — but there were some standout headlines. “Venom: Let There Be Carnage” became just the second movie released during the coronavirus pandemic to top $200 million in North America, joining “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.” “No Time to Die” continued to pad its numbers, See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this ‘Mayor Pete’: The Impersonal Illusion of U.S. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg 15 November 2021 by Grace Smith Hollywood Insider Photo: 'Mayor Pete' ‘Mayor Pete’, a documentary about the U.S. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, opens with a behind-the-scenes clip (as documentaries like to do) of the director, Jesse Moss, and Buttigieg’s husband, Chasten Buttigieg, having a candid conversation. Moss asks if there are any particular questions that he should ask the mayor. Chasten briefly covers a handful of themes: identity, authenticity, and his presidential campaign. The questions aren’t too intimate, but they probe at the root of what may be the inspiration for his entire campaign. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Bond Related article: 'No Time to Die' Royal Premiere & Reactions - Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Léa Seydoux & More Related article: 'Halloween Kills' Full Commentary & Reactions, See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this Disney’s ‘Jungle Cruise’ Sails Astray With $3.3 Million China Opening Weekend 15 November 2021 by Rebecca Davis Variety Disney’s “Jungle Cruise” didn’t manage to catch a swift current in its China debut, drifting to a slow $3.3 million first three-day weekend, according to data from the Artisan Gateway consultancy. The Maoyan data platform currently estimates it will gross a total of just $6.19 million. The adventure tale has clearly lost steam since its simultaneous release in U.S. theaters and on Disney+ in July, and even Dwayne Johnson’s star power hasn’t helped the park attraction vehicle paddle to farther reaches in the “Fast & Furious” franchise-loving country. Instead, the local parodic thriller “Be Somebody” took the lead, earning $19.9 million in its first weekend following a Thursday opening day. It has earned $21.9 million in total so far and is predicted to ultimately go nearly ten times the distance of “Jungle Cruise” with a $54 million cume. The movie directed by Liu Xunzi Mo is a send-up of crime drama tropes, See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Cineworld outperforms pre-pandemic levels for October in UK and Ireland 15 November 2021 by Orlando Parfitt ScreenDaily Cineworld said the recovery was driven by an “excellent slate of movies”. UK-based exhibitor Cineworld Group has reported its revenue for October in the UK and Ireland outperformed pre-pandemic levels. Combined box office and concession revenue for the chain hit 127% of the October 2019 total in UK and Ireland this year, with worldwide revenues at 90% of the pre-pandemic total. Cineworld is the world’s second biggest exhibitor, owning Regal theatres in the US as well as Cineworld and Picturehouse Cinemas in the UK, with operations in 10 countries, 752 sites and 9,193 screens. The group begun reopening sites in April 2021 and total revenue for See full article at ScreenDaily » Permalink Report this Cineworld Reports Positive Cash Flow In October As Revenues Hit Pandemic High 15 November 2021 by Nancy Tartaglione Deadline “There are real grounds for optimism in our industry,” Cineworld CEO Mooky Greidinger beamed today as the world’s second largest exhibitor issued a trading update. The company reached “an important milestone” in its recovery, generating positive cash flow in October, it said in the statement. Although it didn’t get into exact figures, Cineworld did report significant improvement in box office and concession revenue for the four months ended October 31 2021 — in some cases reaching or exceeding 2019 levels. In October, group box office and concession sales were at 90% of 2019 after steadily rising across the summer months. Cineworld’s Regal chain in the U.S. went from 45% of 2019’s business in July and August to 54% in September and 80% in October. With MGM/Eon/Universal’s No Time To Die setting new records in the UK, Cineworld’s October revenue there blew past 2019, repping 127% of the comparable period. Cineworld operates in 10 countries with 752 sites and 9,193 screens. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this ‘No Time to Die,’ ‘Dune’ Drive 90% Revenue Growth for Regal Cinemas Owner Cineworld 15 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety Regal Cinemas owner Cineworld Group has revealed a 90% overall growth in revenues in 2021, compared to 2019. The recovery has been driven by a slate of movies including “Black Widow,” “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings,” “Venom,” “No Time to Die,” and “Dune,” Cineworld said in a trading update. While actual financial numbers were not disclosed, the group shared a steady growth pattern with 50% in July, 54% in August, 60% in September and 90% in October. The highest growth rate was in the U.K. and Ireland, which climbed from 54% in July to 127% in October, compared to the same period in 2019. This was followed by the U.S., which grew from 45% in July to 80% in October, while the rest of the world rose from 79% to 84%. “There are still major blockbusters to be released in 2021 including ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife,’ ‘Encanto.’ ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home,’ ‘The King’s Man,’ ‘Sing 2’ and ‘The Matrix Resurrections,’ which we See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Bo Report: ‘No Time To Die’ records highest opening weekend of pandemic-era 15 November 2021 by Jackie Keast IF.com.au Since cinemas reopened around the country, there was one film in particular that exhibitors were banking on to lure audiences back to theatres: No Time To Die. They were right: With a weekend result of $11.2 million, the 25th Bond film is the highest opener since December 2019’s Jumanji: The Next Level, and sits only marginally behind 2015’s Spectre. Australia was the last major market in the world to debut No Time To Die, the final Bond film with Daniel Craig, bowing here on 817 screens. Worldwide, it has now crossed $US700 million; the only other Hollywood film to hit that threshold in the pandemic-era is Fast & Furious 9. The local result for the long-anticipated Universal title – one of the first delayed by Covid – has thrilled exhibitors across the country, from multiplexes to through to smaller independent circuits and upscale venues. Most are looking forward with optimism, with a flurry of See full article at IF.com.au » Permalink Report this Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford 15 November 2021 by Mike Tyrkus CinemaNerdz Marvel’s Eternals held onto the box-office weekend crown, though the film’s margin of victory was far less than the $63.4 million it sported last weekend. The newest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe pulled in $27.5 million during its second weekend of release. Eternals now sports a two-week total of $118.8 million. Second place was claimed by newcomer Clifford the Big Red Dog, which debuted with an opening weekend of $16.4 million Eternals…$27.5 Million Clifford the Big Red Dog…$16.4 Million Dune: Part One…$5.5 Million No Time To Die…$4.6 Million Venom: Let There Be Carnage…$4.0 Million Ron’s Gone Wrong…$2.2 Million The French Dispatch…$1.8 Million Belfast…$1.8M Spencer…$1.5 Million Antlers…$1.2 Million The post Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford first appeared on CinemaNerdz. See full article at CinemaNerdz » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Showtimes | External Sites No Time to Die Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Filmes 2021 a list of 31 titles created 10 months ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago Movies i have seen 2021 a list of 30 titles created 10 months ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.