No Time to Die (2021) - Parents Guide - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2382320/parentalguide/certificates?ref_=tt_ov_pg
No Time to Die (2021) - Parents Guide - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In No Time to Die (2021) Parents Guide Add to guide Showing all 36 items Jump to: Certification Sex & Nudity (6) Violence & Gore (12) Profanity (3) Alcohol, Drugs & Smoking (4) Frightening & Intense Scenes (4) Spoilers (7) Certification Edit MPAA Rated PG-13 for sequences of violence and action, some disturbing images, brief strong language and some suggestive material. Certification Argentina:13 Australia:M Belgium:KT Brazil:14 Canada:13+ Canada:PG (Alberta) Chile:14 Colombia:12 Denmark:11 Finland:K-16 France:Tous publics Germany:12 Hungary:16 India:UA Indonesia:R13+ Ireland:12A Italy:T Japan:G Lithuania:N-13 Malaysia:P13 Mexico:B Netherlands:12 Netherlands:12 (self-applied) New Zealand:M Norway:12 (cinema rating) Peru:14 Philippines:PG Poland:12 Portugal:M/12 Russia:12+ Saudi Arabia:R12 Singapore:PG13 South Korea:12 Spain:12 Sweden:15 Switzerland:14 Turkey:13+ United Kingdom:12A United States:PG-13 (certificate #52540) United Arab Emirates:PG-13 Sex & Nudity Mild 196 of 369 found this mild Severity? None 64 Mild 196 Moderate 74 Severe 35 We were unable to submit your evaluation. Please try again later. A single prolonged implied sex scene where a man and woman kiss passionately in a hotel room. They press against a wall while kissing and the man removes his shirt and we then see the woman on top of the man in bed and covered with sheets. Edit A man takes a shower shirtless (shown from his waist) Edit A topless woman lies face down with her bare back shown (bottom covered by sheet). Edit There is some sexual innuendo. However, this is one of the less sexual Bond films. The opening title sequence barely has any of the "silhouettes of naked women" thing like other Bond movies do. Edit Characters wear skimpy outfits. Edit At the beginning of the movie there's kissing and both of them take off their clothes. Edit Add an item Violence & Gore Moderate 130 of 189 found this moderate Severity? None 4 Mild 25 Moderate 130 Severe 30 We were unable to submit your evaluation. Please try again later. Characters are repeatedly shot, punched, kicked and exploded. The violence isn't as graphic and brutal as it is in "Casino Royale" or "Spectre" or as intense as it is in "Quantum of Solace", nor is it anywhere near as extreme as "License to Kill", but it's very intense nonetheless. Edit A very graphic scene where a fake eye pops out of a character's socket with a spray of blood Edit Disturbing/scary images of characters' flesh becoming bloody and deformed after being hit with a biochemical substance. Edit A man is dropped into chemicals and is heard screaming and is melting. Edit Characters are blown up. Edit Moderate blood detail within injury, Edit A man shoots a grenade at a driving car. The car flips over and a man falls out of the car with bloody cuts on his face. The car falls on top of him and crushes him to death. Edit A woman's grave explodes right in front of a man causing him to loose his hearing temporarily. An intense car chase erupts with lots of shooting and some hand to hand combat. Edit A group of armed operatives break into a laboratory to steal a chemical weapon. Multiple innocent scientists are gunned down offscreen. Edit A mans bionic eye explodes due to Bond using a watch with an electro magnetic pulse system. Blood sprays onto bonds face and the mans eye socket is on fire. Edit There are two scenes of men getting thrown into dissolving water. The first time is hard to notice because he is wearing black clothes but the second time is more detailed and we hear screaming. Edit Bond breaks Safins arm causing him to scream in pain. Edit Add an item Profanity Mild 107 of 175 found this mild Severity? None 10 Mild 107 Moderate 50 Severe 8 We were unable to submit your evaluation. Please try again later. A single use of "fuck" (Oh, for fuck's sake) and "shit" as well as 10 religious exclamations. Edit 2 uses of "f**k" (1 is muttered under Madeline's breath, the other is said by M) Edit Light uses of "bloody hell" Edit Add an item Alcohol, Drugs & Smoking Mild 102 of 166 found this mild Severity? None 8 Mild 102 Moderate 49 Severe 7 We were unable to submit your evaluation. Please try again later. Characters drink alcohol. Edit Characters take medication for depression. Edit A man and a woman are injected in the neck with a hypodermic needle (containing trackers). Edit Characters drink on several occasions. Edit Add an item Frightening & Intense Scenes Moderate 99 of 175 found this moderate Severity? None 6 Mild 44 Moderate 99 Severe 26 We were unable to submit your evaluation. Please try again later. A child is held hostage. Edit Characters die from a deadly chemical. Edit Long tormenting minutes in which children have to watch violence and are afraid for their own life. Edit A few jump scares scattered throughout the film Edit Add an item Spoilers The Parents Guide items below may give away important plot points. Violence & Gore The opening scene features a man wearing an incredibly creepy mask breaking into a house and murdering a woman by shooting her multiple times. He then attempts to kill the child but the child shoots him multiple times. He does not die. Edit A virus is spread amongst people during a gala. Some of the deaths are quite shocking. Faces of people dissolving. For a few seconds you see dirty inflamed wounds. Edit Safin is shot twice in the head. Edit Bond gets shot multiple times during the final battle on Safins island. Blood is shown seeping through his shirt. He also gets a few cuts on his face. Edit Felix is shot in the stomach. He looses a lot of blood and his shirt becomes quite bloody. He eventually dies. Edit Add an item Profanity The word "house" is intentionally pronounced like the word "arse". Edit Add an item Frightening & Intense Scenes James Bond dies during the nuclear strike on Safin's island. This scene is very emotional as he is talking to Madeline telling her that he loves her and that their kid is the most beautiful thing in the world. Edit Add an item See also Taglines | Plot Summary | Synopsis | Plot Keywords No Time to Die Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Filmes 2021 a list of 31 titles created 10 months ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago Movies i have seen 2021 a list of 30 titles created 10 months ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.