No Time to Die (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2382320/?ref_=hm_cht_4
No Time to Die (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In No Time to Die 20212021 PG-13PG-13 2h 43m IMDb RATING 7.5/10 187K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 5 2 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 34 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller James Bond has left active service. His peace is short-lived when Felix Leiter, an old friend from the CIA, turns up asking for help, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain arme... Read allJames Bond has left active service. His peace is short-lived when Felix Leiter, an old friend from the CIA, turns up asking for help, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with dangerous new technology.James Bond has left active service. His peace is short-lived when Felix Leiter, an old friend from the CIA, turns up asking for help, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with dangerous new technology. IMDb RATING 7.5/10 187K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 5 2 Director Cary Joji Fukunaga Writers Neal Purvis(screenplay by) Robert Wade(screenplay by) Cary Joji Fukunaga(screenplay by) Stars Daniel Craig Ana de Armas Rami Malek Top credits Director Cary Joji Fukunaga Writers Neal Purvis(screenplay by) Robert Wade(screenplay by) Cary Joji Fukunaga(screenplay by) Stars Daniel Craig Ana de Armas Rami Malek See production, box office & company info 2.7KUser reviews 384Critic reviews 68Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 nominations Videos34 Trailer 0:31 Get Tickets Trailer 1:14 New Agents of Bond Trailer 2:35 Final US Trailer Trailer 2:35 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:36 Official Trailer Trailer 0:15 15-Second Teaser Trailer 1:14 No Time to Die Trailer 2:35 No Time to Die Trailer 2:35 No Time to Die Trailer 2:39 No Time to Die Trailer 0:31 No Time to Die Trailer 2:36 No Time to Die Photos434 Top cast Edit Daniel Craig James Bondas James Bond Ana de Armas Palomaas Paloma Rami Malek Lyutsifer Safinas Lyutsifer Safin Léa Seydoux Madeleineas Madeleine Lashana Lynch Nomias Nomi Ralph Fiennes Mas M Ben Whishaw Qas Q Naomie Harris Moneypennyas Moneypenny Rory Kinnear Tanneras Tanner Jeffrey Wright Felix Leiteras Felix Leiter Billy Magnussen Logan Ashas Logan Ash Christoph Waltz Blofeldas Blofeld David Dencik Valdo Obruchevas Valdo Obruchev Dali Benssalah Primo (Cyclops)as Primo (Cyclops) Lisa-Dorah Sonnet Mathildeas Mathilde Coline Defaud Young Madeleineas Young Madeleine Mathilde Bourbin Madeleine's Motheras Madeleine's Mother Hugh Dennis Dr. Hardyas Dr. Hardy Director Cary Joji Fukunaga Writers Neal Purvis(screenplay by) (story by) Robert Wade(screenplay by) (story by) Cary Joji Fukunaga(screenplay by) (story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Daniel Craig is back as MI6 super-spy James Bond in No Time to Die. IMDb Cheat Sheet recaps the films of the Daniel Craig era of the 007 franchise from Casino Royale to the greatly anticipated No Time to Die.Watch the interview 7:46 More like this 6.8 Spectre 7.8 Skyfall 8.0 Casino Royale 7.7 Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 6.6 Quantum of Solace 6.4 Red Notice 6.3 Venom: Let There Be Carnage 7.0 Finch 8.2 Dune: Part One 7.2 Free Guy 8.1 Squid Game 7.3 The Suicide Squad Storyline Edit Bond has left active service and is enjoying a tranquil life in Jamaica. His peace is short-lived when his old friend Felix Leiter from the CIA turns up asking for help. The mission to rescue a kidnapped scientist turns out to be far more treacherous than expected, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with dangerous new technology. —Universal Pictures shootinggunshootoutpoisonglock 17477 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Bond is Back Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of violence and action, some disturbing images, brief strong language and some suggestive material. Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Reportedly, James Bond actor Daniel Craig personally hand-picked Cuban actress Ana de Armas to play Paloma in this Bond movie, after working with her on Knives Out (2019), which first released about only four months before No Time to Die was originally meant to release. Goofs M reads the Jack London quote from a page too close to the middle of the book. It is from the Introduction. Quotes Nomi: I get why you shot him. Moneypenny: Yeah, well, everyone tries at least once. Crazy credits There is a statement at the end of the closing credits: "James Bond will return". Connections Edited into Q-Dar (2021) Soundtracks No Time to Die Performed by Billie Eilish Written by Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell Produced by Finneas O'Connell (as Finneas) and Steve Lipson Orchestrations and Arrangements by Hans Zimmer and Matt Dunkley Billie Eilish appears courtesy of Darkroom/Interscope Records User reviews2.7K Review Top review 6/10 A fittingly mediocre conclusion of Craig's custodianship. I saw this with a friend who watched the original "Dr. No" (1962) at the time, and who proclaimed at the end of this 2¾ hour marathon that this just isn't "James Bond". My first "Bond" film was some fifteen years later but i was forced to agree with him. This isn't. I have never been the biggest fan of Daniel Craig - he completely lacks charisma on screen. There is no glint in his eye! Add to that the grim determination of the producers to rob the character of his flaws and foibles; to politically correct every aspect of the storylines and to generally sterilise what was always, essentially, a charming tale of light weight male chauvinism with espionage, shameless patriotism, gadgets, double entendre and a damn good theme tune. Here, Craig has precious little chemistry with either of his female co-stars and the baddie features so sparingly (though that maybe because he was double-jobbing for Lord Lloyd Webber at the Opera) that even by the end there just wasn't a sense of accumulated tension, peril or danger - indeed I just felt really quite underwhelmed. Of course, it is a fabulous looking film: the old Aston Martin makes a welcome return - as does the divine Louis Armstrong's "All the Time in the World" but I wonder how many of us will recall this film once the dust has settled. It has a role right now; it may well single-handedly rescue cinema from the horrible effects of lockdown, and for that is must be congratulated, but speaking as a lifelong Bond fan, I'd implore those at the helm of the next one: can we please get back to what Bond is entertaining at, what Ian Fleming designed him to be and stop imposing wafer-thin stories on equally thin, undercooked, characterisations and hope that nostalgia and John Barry et al will dupe us into thinking it is great? I don't care if the next 007 is gay/girl/coloured/one legged - but please can we get back to a story laced with humour and personality with a script that allows for nuance, sarcasm and charm. Otherwise, perhaps Bond has just served his purpose, it's time to move on? Sorry - I was really disappointed. helpful•679 518 CinemaSerf Oct 5, 2021 Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating No Time to Die marks Daniel Craig's final outing in the James Bond franchise. See which 007 films have received the highest ratings from IMDb users.See the list List FAQ7 What does the 25 in the title reference? Details Edit Release date October 29, 2021 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites 007 - No Time To Die 007 Talenthouse Languages English French Italian Russian Spanish German Also known as 007：无暇赴死 Filming locations Langvann, Oslo, Norway Production companies Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) Universal Pictures Eon Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $250,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $150,755,083 Opening weekend US & Canada $55,225,007 Oct 10, 2021 Gross worldwide $708,774,083 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 43 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Digital 12-Track Digital Sound Auro 11.1 Dolby Atmos IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Video: Let’s chat with the cinematographers of ‘Belfast,’ ‘Being the Ricardos,’ ‘Power of the Dog’ and ‘No Time to Die’ Nov 17Gold Derby ‘Eternals’ Tops U.K. Box Office, ‘No Time to Die’ Continues Blockbuster Business Nov 16Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.