No Time to Die (2021) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2382320/trivia/?ref_=tt_ql_trv
No Time to Die (2021) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit No Time to Die (2021) Trivia Showing all 339 items Jump to: Cameo (2) | Spoilers (65) Reportedly, James Bond actor Daniel Craig personally hand-picked Cuban actress Ana de Armas to play Paloma in this Bond movie, after working with her on Knives Out (2019), which first released about only four months before No Time to Die was originally meant to release. 1,107 of 1,124 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Daniel Craig has said that he would retire from the role of James Bond if he felt he was too old to play the character. Craig has also said that it has become harder to be fit enough for the role and that there has been more use of doubles for action sequences. 1,023 of 1,047 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options For the Italy set vehicle chases, the production utilized about 8,400 gallons or 31,797 litres of Coca-Cola poured on ancient streets in Matera, Italy at a cost to the production of about EUR 60,000 euros (equal to USD $77,000, Australian $100,000 and UK sterling £50,000). The reason: Coke acts as a liquid adhesive. For example, it was used for the motorbike jump scene in order to make the ramp surface sticky so as to deter the bike from sliding. Reportedly, the production spilt the soft drink all over the streets of Matera for the bike and car chases requiring a big clean up job afterwards. Stunt Coordinator Lee Morrison said: "I've been spraying Coca-Cola on slippery surfaces for a very long time" with the drink able to "make things look very clean after it washes off". 184 of 186 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The type of mask seen in the film being worn by Safin (Rami Malek) is known as a "Noh" mask. They are made by carving from blocks of Japanese cypress and then later painted with natural pigments. The similarity of the words ''No'' and ''Noh'' contributed to the belief prior to release that Malik's character was a new incarnation of Dr. No who was the title character of the first James Bond film 'Dr. No' (1962). 274 of 281 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This will be the first James Bond movie to be shot with an IMAX Camera. Previous Bond films exhibited in IMAX theaters were converted by up-scaling to the IMAX format i.e. they were optimized for IMAX theaters. This movie was also filmed with 65mm Panavision cameras. 461 of 477 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to feature all the characters of Q, Felix Leiter, Miss Moneypenny, and M since Licence to Kill (1989), which is an interval of about thirty-one years. 604 of 630 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Composer Hans Zimmer took inspiration from the music composed for the theatrical trailer of the previous Bond film, not only by taking a similar approach to the James Bond theme for various action sequences, but also by incorporating the main theme from On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969). 86 of 87 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Reportedly, Daniel Craig is going to be dramatically cutting back on doing any dangerous stunt work in this film due to his age and his injury on Spectre (2015). The UK 'Mirror' newspaper has reported that a source said: "It's a big bone of contention. Rachel [wife Rachel Weisz] doesn't want him in agony again. None of his aches and pains have gone away completely" and "there's a legacy to all these injuries and she lives with them. They've come to an agreement about how hard he will push himself and he is pulling back from the edge this time. It's a prerequisite." Craig has said: "I knackered my knee and had surgery, I've had my right shoulder reconstructed, my other knee operated on and my thumb got hurt." Gary Powell, stunt coordinator for Craig, added that it will be hard to get him to slow down: "He's intrepid. It's pretty hard to stop him. But he lives with the injuries and those aches and pains stay with you long after filming." Reportedly, a source has said that Weisz has lost sleep at night and cannot fathom seeing her husband potentially getting injured on a big action movie shoot which she has allegedly nick-named "the boxing ring". 642 of 673 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The official launch and announcement for the film took place at GoldenEye in Jamaica, once the home of Ian Fleming, where he created the James Bond character in 1952. Ian Fleming wrote twelve novels and two collections of short stories on the island. GoldenEye is owned and operated by Island Outpost, founded by Chris Blackwell who formerly owned Island Records. GoldenEye was not used as a filming location for the movie, but key creatives and principal cast did stay at GoldenEye for this launch event and during the Jamaican leg of the shoot. 230 of 238 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This film will be Daniel Craig's fifth and final appearance as James Bond. Scheduled to be released in 2021, the movie will also be Craig's 15th year in tenure as James Bond since his first in Casino Royale (2006). This will, by tenure, make Craig the longest running actor playing James Bond in the official series since the late Sir Roger Moore's era between the early 1970s to the mid 1980s, which ran for twelve years, between Live and Let Die (1973) and A View to a Kill (1985). By film count Craig will come third, after Sir Sean Connery with six and Sir Roger Moore with seven (though Connery also has seven if unofficial film Never Say Never Again (1983) is counted). Connery's tenure is the longest if one counts the period between 'Dr. No' (1962) and 'Never Say Never Again' (1983), albeit with breaks, totalling a whopping 21 years time-span. 805 of 857 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Director Cary Joji Fukunaga wanted one great bike stunt to feature in Matera, Italy. Stunt coordinator, Lee Morrison came up with the spectacular wall jump, performed by stuntman, Paul Edmondson. To perform the stunt, Edmondson rides up an 8m ramp at approximately 60kmh (37mph), gets airborne over a wall and lands on a cobbled terrace. This scene, along with the bridge attack jump, are two of the movie's signature stunts. 65 of 66 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Christoph Waltz's return as villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld was supposed to be a secret and a surprise for moviegoers. However, he was spotted on the lot at Pinewood Studios during principal photography, where Waltz allegedly said to some passersby, something like "You haven't seen me". Once the secret was out, Waltz's appearance in the movie became part of the picture's publicity and promotion, with him appearing in credits and trailers. 140 of 147 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Possibly the final James Bond film where Ben Whishaw plays Q. Ben Whishaw has publicly stated that he is done with playing Q pointing out that he is only contracted for three pictures. Doing press for 'No Time to Die' (2021), when asked about playing Q again, he mentioned the possibility of wiping the slate clean. As such, this generally means the regular supporting characters could be re-cast along with a new James Bond actor. 70 of 72 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Despite Skyfall (2012) being shot entirely in digital, and rumors that Bond movies would be shot digitally from then on, Spectre (2015) was shot on 35mm film and No Time to Die (2021) on 65mm. 292 of 312 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options With this film, Daniel Craig will become the third oldest actor to play James Bond. Roger Moore was aged about 57 years for A View to a Kill (1985), Sean Connery was around 53 for Never Say Never Again, whilst Craig for No Time to Die (2021) will be aged around 51 years. 390 of 419 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Composer Hans Zimmer replaced director Cary Joji Fukunaga's regular music composer Dan Romer during late 2019 due to creative differences. According to show-business trade paper 'Variety', this picture "marks the first time in the 58-year history of Bond films that a composer has been replaced during post-production". 104 of 110 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Phoebe Waller-Bridge was a late addition to the screenwriting team, following several delays in production including the replacement of director Danny Boyle with Cary Joji Fukunaga. In interviews, Daniel Craig has denied rumors that Waller-Bridge was added to the writing team for reasons of gender inclusiveness and making the script more feminist. He insisted that she was invited at his own request because he considers her a great writer, and wanted her input in sharpening the script and punching up the dialogue. 153 of 164 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cary Joji Fukunaga replaced Danny Boyle as the film's director about three months before the start of principal photography. On Thursday 20th September 2018 it was announced that Cary Joji Fukunaga will direct the 25th Bond film. Boyle, the previous director signed to the project, had left one month earlier on 21st August of that year. Many directors were considered for replacement, with the short-list rumored to include Jean-Marc Vallée, David Mackenzie, Denis Villeneuve, Yann Demange, Edward Berger, and Edgar Wright. Fukunaga is known for his directorial work on the first season of True Detective (2014), Beasts of No Nation (2015), and Netflix limited series Maniac (2018), which premiered the day after his announcement. 216 of 234 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Eight stunt replicas of the classic James Bond silver-birch gun-metal gray car, the Aston Martin DB5, were especially designed and constructed for this movie. Two of the vehicles housed a mine dispenser and machine guns, while another two could be controlled by stunt drivers sitting in a cage on the roof while the actors were inside as the cars sped along. James Bond actor Daniel Craig commented: ''It's great to have the DB5 again. It was returned to Bond in 'Spectre' [2015] and is now in perfect condition... with a few added extras.'' 42 of 43 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Financing and distribution arrangements for this picture and Spectre (2015) have frequently been reported together suggesting that development of these two Bond films are being set up for a two-year cycle, with No Time to Die (2021) originally targeted for a 2017 release, then pushed back to 2019, and once again to 2020. Reportedly, Daniel Craig has previously stated that there was a plan by the MGM studio to film two Bond movies back-to-back but he had balked at the idea due to the enormity of their productions. 217 of 236 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Producer Barbara Broccoli has said of this Bond movie: "Bond is not on active service when we start the film. He's enjoying himself while in Jamaica, start his journey here. We built a extraordinary house for him. Five hundred local people are working on the film already." 299 of 328 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options All three James Bond movies to film in Jamaica: Dr. No (1962), Live and Let Die (1973), and No Time to Die (2021), have featured the CIA agent Felix Leiter. He is played in each of these films by different actors; Jack Lord, David Hedison, and Jeffrey Wright respectively. 113 of 121 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Daniel Craig helped design Bond's exclusive Swiss "Omega Seamaster Diver 300M" watch for this, his final film as 007. The watch comes in two editions: one with a NATO style strap for $8,100, and the more expensive one with a titanium mesh bracelet for $9,200 (RRP). Bond has steadfastly worn the Omega Seamaster since GoldenEye (1995), the Swiss company's longest-running line. 209 of 228 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Third time actor Jeffrey Wright has played the Felix Leiter character and the first appearance of the character in the series since 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) which is an interval of about a twelve years. In reprising the role, Wright is the first actor to play the character in three James Bond movies. Previously, Wright was tied with actor David Hedison as the only actors to play Leiter twice. Wright previously played Leiter in 'Casino Royale' (2006) and 'Quantum of Solace' (2008). 225 of 246 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The controversial interview with Daniel Craig with Time Out published on 7th October 2015 reports Craig said making another James Bond film after Spectre (2015): Can you imagine doing another Bond movie? ". . . I'd rather break this glass and slash my wrists. No, not at the moment. Not at all. That's fine. I'm over it at the moment. We're done. All I want to do is move on" and You want to move on from Bond for good? "'I haven't given it any thought. For at least a year or two, I just don't want to think about it. I don't know what the next step is. I've no idea. Not because I'm trying to be cagey. Who the f*** knows? At the moment, we've done it. I'm not in discussion with anybody about anything. If I did another Bond movie, it would only be for the money" and Do you care who plays Bond after you? "'Look, I don't give a f***. Good luck to them! All I care about is that if I stop doing these things we've left it in a good place and people pick it up and make it better. Make it better, that's all." 402 of 447 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cary Joji Fukunaga is the first American director to direct a James Bond film in the official series. John Huston and Robert Parrish were the first Americans to direct a Bond feature film, they being 2 of the 5 or 6 directors who directed the unofficial Bond spoof 'Casino Royale' (1967). Moreover, the director of the unofficial Bond movie, 'Never Say Never Again' (1982), Irvin Kershner, was also American, as was William H. Brown Jr, who was the director of the unofficial 'Casino Royale' (1954) tele-movie. 357 of 398 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Reportedly, both this Bond movie and the previous film Spectre (2015) are not based on any original Ian Fleming James Bond story. However, 'No Time to Die' (2021) features some story elements from 'Dr No', 'You Only Live Twice' and 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service'. The opening title sequence from 'Spectre' was inspired by 'Live and Let Die' whilst 'Spectre' also featured story elements from both 'Octopussy' (the name Oberhausen) and 'The Hildebrand Rarity' (for the Hildebrand Safe House). 371 of 415 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Bond throws his MI6 visitor's badge in the trash can by Moneypenny's desk from across the room when leaving M's office as a reference to the classic Connery Era when Bond would walk into Moneypenny's office and throw his hat onto the hat rack. 71 of 76 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In March 2021, the movie's title 'No Time to Die' song won the Grammy for Best Song written for Visual Media making it the first time that a Grammy has been awarded in this category for a film that has not even been released. The song is sung by Billie Eilish and was written by her and Finneas O'Connell who both won the Grammy. The ceremony was held on 14th March 2021 approximately 7 months prior to the film's North American release date of 8th October 2021. 95 of 103 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Filmmaker Cary Joji Fukunaga is the first film director of a James Bond movie in the official film series to receive a writing credit for a Bond movie which they directed whilst Phoebe Waller-Bridge is the second female screenwriter credited for writing on a James Bond film after Irish screenwriter Johanna Harwood for both Dr. No (1962) and From Russia with Love (1963). 219 of 246 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to IndieWire, this movie "will go large-format with 65mm Panavision and IMAX 65mm (to shoot the action sequences) for the first time in the series' history." 110 of 121 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Matera location in Italy, which is featured in the pre-credits action sequence in this film, reportedly was actually first location scouted for the pre-titles sequence for the earlier Daniel Craig James Bond movie 'Quantum of Solace' (2008). Both of the sequences feature car chases. Another Daniel Craig James Bond, 'Spectre' (2015) also features a car chase in Italy. 84 of 92 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options With the announcement of Christoph Waltz returning to play Ernst Stavro Blofeld, this marks the first time in fifty-four years that an actor (the uncredited Anthony Dawson before) played the SPECTRE mastermind more than once. 130 of 145 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Daniel Craig told GQ magazine that there were "four versions of the 'No Time to Die' script [that] came and went during the movie's development." 61 of 66 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Lashana Lynch had not watched any of the Bond films prior to taking part in this one. So, once her casting had been confirmed, she did precisely that and watched all of them during her preparations for the role, starting from the very beginning with 'Dr. No' (1962) right up to 'Spectre' (2015). 27 of 28 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to feature four different models of Aston Martin vehicles. The cars are the classic silver-birch Aston Martin DB5, the classic cumberland grey Aston Martin V8, the Aston Martin DBS Superleggera and the new forthcoming mid-engined hypercar the Aston Martin Valhalla. 46 of 50 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond film to feature a major leading Bond Girl from Cuba with the casting of Cuban born actress Ana de Armas who plays Paloma. 213 of 253 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jamaican actress Grace Jones, who starred as May Day in A View to a Kill (1985), was going to make a cameo appearance in this film during the Jamaica scenes, however she quit shortly after shooting began upon learning how small her part was. Two of this movie's actresses: Lashana Lynch and Naomie Harris, are of Jamaican descent. 77 of 88 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 25th James Bond movie in the EON Productions official series and the 27th theatrically released James Bond film overall if one includes the non-series spoof Casino Royale (1967) and the unofficial film Never Say Never Again (1983). The movie is the 28th James Bond film overall if one includes the "Casino Royale" (1954 tele-movie [See: Climax!: Casino Royale (1954)]. 112 of 133 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Andy Serkis was rumored to be replacing Christoph Waltz as Blofeld if Daniel Craig didn't come back for this film, assuming the Blofeld character would be in this movie, as Waltz has reportedly stated that he won't play Blofeld again without Craig also playing James Bond. Reportedly, on 26th October 2017, Waltz said to Italian film website 'Talky Movie' on the red carpet at the Festa del Cinema di Roma, that he would not be returning as Blofeld for this movie and said: "No, I'm sorry. I'm really sad, but that's the tradition, that there is a new...name. Sorry. I would've liked to." However, in the end, Waltz did return to play Blofeld in this picture. 60 of 69 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cars and road vehicles featured in the film include Bond's classic 1964 silver-birch Aston Martin DB5 gadget-car; Bond's cumberland grey 1985 Aston Martin V8 Vantage Mark IV previously seen in 'The Living Daylights' (1987); a 2020 Aston Martin Valhalla; the forthcoming mid-engined Aston Martin Valkyrie hypercar seen behind M in a wind tunnerl; Nomi's new model Aston Martin DBS Superleggera coupé; numerous black Land Rover Defender 110 SUVs; Bond's old Toyota Land Cruiser Prado J90; 2018 Land Rover Range Rover Sport SVRs; Classic 1987 Range Rover ORVs; Bond's old blue Land Rover Series III off-road vehicle; Triumph Tiger 900 Rally Pro motor-bikes; a 2019 Triumph Scrambler 1200 XE motor-cycle which jumps over the tall wall; 2016 black Jaguar XF saloon sedans; Paloma's old 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air sedan, a 1994 Maserati Quattroporte IV sedan in the bridge attack; a blue 2006 Citroën C3 Série 1 hatchback; a black 2002 Lancia Thesis sedan; a red 1974 Dino 308 GT4 Ferrari coupé; small white Soviet Lada Riva 1600 sedan marked patrol cars (aka VAZ-2106 aka Zhiguli 2106); a grey 1950 Cadillac Fleetwood 60 Special sedan; and Nomi's white Royal Alloy GT 125 scooter in Jamaica. 36 of 40 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film was much rumoured to be called "Shatterhand" as this was the picture's official working title. This was not the first Bond-themed film to have this title. Shatterhand (2012) was a James Bond tribute film which debuted in the same year as Skyfall (2012). Other official Bond movies that share titles with previous Bond-related movies include GoldenEye (1995), which shares its title with a TV movie about Ian Fleming, Goldeneye (1989) (aka "The Man with the Golden Pen"); and Casino Royale (2006), of which there had been two earlier versions, Casino Royale (1967) and Climax!: Casino Royale (1954). Since, Bond producer Barbara Broccoli has confirmed 'Shatterhand' will not be the title of this movie. In the Fleming novels "Shatterhand" is an alias used by Ernst Stavro Blofeld. 54 of 62 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer produces the James Bond movies but do not generally theatrically release them. The agreement between MGM and Sony expired with Spectre (2015). Originally it was a two picture deal with Casino Royale (2006) and Quantum of Solace (2008) for Sony to distribute which then got renewed for two more films of which Skyfall (2012) was the first. At the time of the theatrical release of Spectre (2015), MGM was in discussions with three studios, which were believed to be Sony, Paramount and Warner Bros. Reportedly, it was stated that MGM was looking for a more lucrative deal, and was looking to drive a hard bargain. In the end, Universal Pictures became this film's worldwide distributor on 24th May 2018. 81 of 96 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Léa Seydoux is the first actress to play a non-regular Bond Girl in successive James Bond films since Eunice Gayson portrayed Sylvia Trench in 'Dr. No' (1962) and then in 'From Russia With Love' (1963). The character of Trench was originally intended to be a regular in the series but was halted after the second appearance. It's believed that Seydoux, who reprises her role as Dr. Madeleine Swann, is the main love interest and major Bond Girl/Bond Woman in the movie, as she appears in movie posters with Daniel Craig, both seated in the Aston Martin DB5. 60 of 70 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The seventh screenplay for a James Bond movie written by regular Bond screenwriters Neal Purvis, and Robert Wade. Their first was for The World Is Not Enough (1999). 59 of 69 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter &nbsp; | Permalink Hide options No Time to Die (2021) cost roughly 250 times more than the first James Bond movie. Dr. No (1962) cost about £800,000, while No Time to Die (2021), according to May 2020 UK newspaper reports, was at the £200 million mark. 42 of 48 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Agents in the earlier Bond films often wore a gold "Ring of Evil". According to the book "James Bond: The Secret World of 007" (2006) by Alastair Dougall, "Top operatives of S.P.E.C.T.R.E., and (Ernst Stavro) Blofeld himself, could sometimes be recognized by a distinctive octopus ring, which symbolized the organization's tentacular reach into the murkiest depths of world crime." 33 of 37 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's title song sung by Billie Eilish broke the record for the biggest ever opening week for a James Bond theme/title song in the UK. The track sold about 90,000 copies in its first week of seven days in release and also had 10.6 million streams in the same, racing to the UK No. #1 spot on the pop charts. Previously, Sam Smith's theme song from 'Spectre' (2015), entitled 'Writing's On The Wall', held the record, selling almost 70,000 copies when it debuted in late 2015, also hitting the UK No. #1 spot on the music single charts. Adele's title song for 'Skyfall' (2012) sold about 84,000 copies when it debuted in late 2012 which at the time made it to the UK No. #2 rank on the UK top of the pops chart. 37 of 42 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Rami Malek is the third consecutive actor to play a Bond villain to have won an Oscar, and he is the fifth actor overall to do this. Previous Bond villain actors who have won Oscars and their Bond films include: Benicio Del Toro ('Licence to Kill' (1989)), Christopher Walken ('A View to a Kill (1985)), Christoph Waltz ('SPECTRE' (2015), and Javier Bardem ('Skyfall' (2012)). Robert Shaw ('From Russia with Love' (1963)) and Telly Savalas ("On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969)) were both nominated for Academy Awards but didn't win. 41 of 47 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson did state after Spectre (2015)'s theatrical release that they felt reasonably confident that Daniel Craig would return for this movie. 99 of 120 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Third James Bond movie to film in Norway. The first was 'You Only live Twice' (1967) where the exterior of the Russian radar station was filmed at Mågerø in Norway for that Bond movie's opening sequence. The second was 'Die Another Day' (2002) where Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway was used for filming ice cliffs for a cgi plate. Additional filming was also conducted at the Jostedal Glacier National Park in Luster, Sogn og Fjordane, Norway for the ice car chase and the ice palace environs. However, this third time filming in Norwayfor a Bond film is the first time that Norway is featuring as a central major filming location in a Bond movie as the amount of filming for the earlier two Bond films shot in Norway was only minimal. 56 of 66 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie since 'Licence to Kill' (1989), about thirty-two years ago, that does not feature actress Judi Dench. Though her M character dies in 'Skyfall' (2012), Dench, via appearing in a recorded video message, also appeared in the next Bond movie 'Spectre' (2015), which is the most recent prior to 'No Time to Die' (2021). Dench's likeness though does appear in 'No Time to Die' (2021) as she is one of the three former M actors to have portrait paintings of their personas hanging on walls at the MI6 headquarters. The other M character likenesses painted in artworks at MI6 in the film are for earlier M actors Bernard Lee and Robert Brown the latter of whom played M for the last time in 'Licence to Kill' (1989). 11 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options On 21st August 2018, star Daniel Craig and producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, announced via the official James Bond Twitter account, that due to creative differences, the film's director Danny Boyle had decided to no longer direct 'Bond 25', later named as 'No Time to Die' (2021). 58 of 69 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie's official twenty minute launch video, 'Bond 25: Live Reveal' (2019), was predominantly filmed at the Goldeneye estate in Jamaica, as well as a few other Jamaican locations, where author Ian Fleming's wrote a number of the original James Bond novels and short stories. 26 of 29 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Nomi (Lashana Lynch)'s rectangular sunglasses are a nod to former Bond girl Grace Jones from 'A View to a Kill' (1985) who wore a similar pair of sunnies in one of her music videos. 50 of 59 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film features the first ever female 00 agent character in the official James Bond series. The character is Nomi portrayed by actress Lashana Lynch, who in a 21 January 2020 interview on Entertainment Weekly's video special 'Around the Table with No Time to Die' (2020) stated clearly that she portrays a 00 agent in this movie. 45 of 53 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options An accident during the shoot occurred when three explosions accidentally went off on the set at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire. Reportedly, part of the 007 Stage roof fell off, as well as some wall panels. One crew member suffered minor injuries. The official press release stated: "During the filming of a controlled explosion on the set of 'Bond 25' today at Pinewood Studios, damage was caused to the exterior of the 007 Stage. There were no injuries on set, however one crew member outside the stage has sustained a minor injury." A source told 'The Sun' newspaper that ''there were three loud explosions, one after another, and a member of the crew was lying on the floor outside the building injured." It reported that the stunt was being rehearsed wherein "a fireball was supposed to go through the set." However, apparently things went "horribly wrong". 'The Sun' reported that ''part of the roof and some wall panels were blown off in the explosion misfire.'' 37 of 43 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Prince Charles visited the set at Pinewood Studios on 20th June 2019 where he met with star Daniel Craig, producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, director Cary Joji Fukunaga, cast members Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris, and Lashana Lynch, special effects head Chris Corbould, and various other dignitaries, studio heads and crew members. He was shown two Aston Martin vehicles - the traditional gun metal grey DB5, and the 1985 5.3 litre Aston Martin V8 Vantage, last seen in the series in 'The Living Daylights' (1987). It was for this earlier James Bond film, which was the last time that Prince Charles visited a James Bond set, in 1986, with Princess Diana, where they met actor Timothy Dalton, who was playing James Bond at the time. 77 of 95 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actor Christoph Waltz, who appeared as Ernst Stavro Blofeld in 'Spectre' (2015), has said multiple times ever since that movie that he wasn't interested in returning in a future James Bond movie, if Daniel Craig didn't return. When Craig announced that he would return for 'No Time to Die' (2021), Waltz later changed his mind in late-2017 and said he wasn't interested in returning at all, because he felt his character had served his purpose in the James Bond story. On 13th July 2019, Waltz had a change of heart again, as it was confirmed that he would in fact return as Blofeld in 'No Time to Die' (2021). 32 of 37 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The New Defender Land Rover 'No Time to Die' tie-in television commercial featured actual test and rehearsal footage used from a chase sequence in the movie. These are scenes where the vehicle drives through rivers and swamps and launches into the air. 15 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Most expensive James Bond movie ever with a budget of about US $250 million beating previous Bond movie record holder of 'Spectre' (2015) which had a budget of around US $245 million. 23 of 26 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options There were no changes made to the new Land Rover Defender vehicles seen in the movie except for the use of safety roll cages for the drivers. Nick Collins, Vehicle Line Director for Jaguar Land Rover Defender, said of the New Land Road Defender vehicles seen in the movie: "We developed a new test standard for Defender, the most challenging we've ever had and unique to this vehicle. Physical strength and durability is measured by a number of different tests including a bridge jump test which gave us confidence to deliver what the stunt team needed to create for 'No Time To Die', with no modifications to the body structure except the installation of a roll cage." 30 of 35 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Reportedly, the movie would apparently have cost another UK £47million if it had not been for a producers' tax incentive scheme which was targeted for making movies at UK-based film studios. 26 of 30 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Paloma's gown, designed by Michael Lo Sordo, was chosen as her costume by the costume department (Suttirat Larlarb told Vogue) because it allowed her to fight without restriction while still being elegant enough to wear to a black-tie event. 14 of 15 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In January 2020, it was announced that Billie Eilish would write and perform the film's theme song. Being just 18 at the time, this makes her the youngest artist in the history of the Bond series to do so. 57 of 71 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Daniel Craig said in a interview he is very sad to be leaving the series. 175 of 233 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movies's producers, Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, have commented, "We're thrilled to return to Jamaica with 'Bond 25', Daniel Craig's fifth installment in the 007 series, where Ian Fleming created the iconic James Bond character and 'Dr. No' and 'Live And Let Die' were filmed." 50 of 62 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options At 53 years old, Daniel Craig will become the second oldest actor to play James Bond in the official film series. Roger Moore was 57 when his final Bond movie in the official series 'A View to a Kill' (1985) was made and first released. In comparison, when Sean Connery made his last Bond movie, the unofficial Bond film 'Never Say Never Again' (1983), he was aged 52 years when it was filmed and 53 when it was first released. Interestingly, David Niven was aged 57 years when he played James Bond in his first and only time in the unofficial Bond spoof movie 'Casino Royale' (1967). Moore and Niven actually tie for the record as the oldest actors to play James Bond in movies. 21 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This film was the first major movie production scheduled to open in 2020 that had to move its release date due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The release date changed three or four times and in the end the picture premiered on 28th September 2021. 34 of 42 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fifth James Bond movie to film in Scotland. The fourth and most recent has been 'Skyfall' (2012) which shot in the Highlands at Glencoe and Glen Etive. The first, From Russia with Love (1963), filmed at various locations in the Argyll and Bute region. The second, The Spy Who Loved Me (1977), filmed at the Faslane Naval base, whilst the third, The World Is Not Enough (1999), filmed at Eilean Donan Castle at Kyle of Lochalsh in the Highlands. 'No Time to Die' (2021) is the sixth Bond film to shoot in Scotland, if one includes the unofficial Bond spoof Casino Royale (1967) which shot in Killin in Stirling. Sir Sean Connery, the first actor to play James Bond on the big screen, was a Scot. The Scottish Dalness Estate once belonged to the Fleming family and James Bond creator Ian Fleming loved the Scottish region so much that he gave the James Bond character a Scottish genealogical lineage. The character's father, Andrew, comes from Glencoe, where 'Skyfall' (2012) filmed alongside the Buachaille Etive Mor mountain. In On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969), James Bond is seen wearing a kilt. 19 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Land Rover has had a long partnership with EON Productions' official James Bond film franchise and it continues with this picture. Their first association was during 1982 on 'Octopussy' (1983) which was about thirty-eight years prior to 'No Time to Die' (2020). In 'Octopussy' (1983), the Land Rover vehicle featured was a russet brown 1980 special conversion off-road Land Rover Range Rover drop-top convertible Series I 'Rapport Huntsman' vehicle seen during the film's opening sequence. Land Rover vehicles that appear in 'No Time to Die' (2020) include four makes and models: The Range Rover Classic, the Series III Land Rover, the Range Rover Sport SVR, and the new Land Rover Defender. The first time a Land Rover is seen in a Bond movie was 'You Only Live Twice'. Military Police pull up in a Defender right after Bond is "killed". 19 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options As of 24th May 2018, it was announced that this film will be distributed worldwide by Universal Pictures. This is the first of the Daniel Craig James Bond movies to not be distributed by Sony / Columbia Pictures in non-USA foreign territories. 42 of 53 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Reportedly, Kenyan-Mexican actress Lupita Nyong'o was apparently sought for a role, but was unavailable due to scheduling conflicts, as she is committed to both '355' and 'The Killer' . The relevant part is believed to have been filled by actress Lashana Lynch who portrays Nomi. 22 of 26 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spectre (2015) screenwriter John Logan was once reportedly commissioned to write scripts for this movie as well as No Time to Die (2021) at the same time but this is apparently not the case. According to Daniel Craig, there was an idea at the studio of filming two consecutive Bond pictures back-to-back to which Craig apparently baulked at the idea due to their enormity. The James Bond Wikia website states: "A popular news story, started by the blog Deadline, reports the Skyfall (2012) writer John Logan has been commissioned by Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson to pen Spectre (2015) and No Time to Die (2021) as a two-parter. Months later, this rumor was repudiated but no official announcement either way has been made. Logan did pen the script for Spectre (2015) and may be considered a front-runner for hemming the No Time to Die (2021) script". 67 of 88 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The New York Times reported in July 2017 that Daniel Craig had a "verbal agreement" with James Bond film producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson that he would return for this Bond movie. 46 of 59 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie in the official series since 'Dr. No' (1962) where the location of Jamaica actually portrays itself. 'Dr. No.' (1962) was the first James Bond movie in the official series. The interval between the two pictures is fifty-eight years. In the James Bond movie 'Live and Let Die' (1973), Jamaica did not portray itself, it played the fictitious nation country state of "San Monique". 18 of 21 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Showtime CEO and President and David Nevins said on 8th August 2017 that Purity has been delayed until 2019 because Daniel Craig must first complete a Bond film. This therefore confirmed that Craig would be returning to play Agent 007. Nevins said: "He's doing Bond first. I can't say anything about what I know or don't know about Bond. That's not my area." 32 of 40 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options At 163 minutes or 2 hours and 43 minutes, 'No Time To Die' (2021), which is almost 3 hours, this is the longest James Bond film by approximately 13 minutes, beating out Spectre (2015)'s 150 minutes. At two hours and twenty-four minutes, Casino Royale (2006) was once the longest James Bond movie, beating the previous record holder On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969) by four minutes, until the release of Spectre (2015), which beat it by another four minutes. Spectre (2015) was recently the longest James Bond movie record holder, with a running time of two hours and twenty-eight minutes. Daniel Craig has now played Bond in the four longest Bond movies of all time: 'No Time to Die' (2021), Spectre (2015), Skyfall (2012), and Casino Royale (2006). The former long-time record holder, On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969), is now in fifth place, with Skyfall (2012) in fourth. Conversely, Daniel Craig has also starred in the shortest theatrical Bond film to date, Quantum of Solace (2008), which has a running time of only one hour and forty-six minutes, four minutes shorter than the second shortest movie, Dr. No (1962). 56 of 74 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Star Daniel Craig, after having gotten injured on earlier Bond movies, injured his ankle by slipping during the shoot in Jamaica in May 2019, requiring minor surgery. He said in a 2021 interview that the accident was so unnecessary as he wasn't performing a stunt or anything physically dramatic, he just tripped over whilst walking and broke his ankle. The media at the time reported he was performing an action scene. 7 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Originally, the movie's arch villain, which got named Lyutsifer Safin, had an associate henchman, and they were to both wear masks based on Siberian bear-hunting armour. These masks are spiked and somewhat resemble the 'Hellraiser' character. Ultimately, the henchman character was written out, and new director Cary Joji Fukunaga wanted changes to Safin's costume, including it be replaced with a new mask, as the spiked Siberian bear hunting mask dominated too much of the overall costume. A new mask based on the Noh from Japanese theatre then replaced the spiked Siberian hunting mask. 7 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Had the film not experienced a number of delays, such as that caused by the global health pandemic and others, it would have debuted in late 2019 on 8th November. 2019 was the 50th Anniversary year of On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969), the earlier Bond movie that it extensively references, including use of the phrase and song ''All the Time in the World''. 7 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The "Safin" name of Rami Malek's villain character in the film is of Arabic origin. Its meaning is "Boat". It is a male name for a boy and can also be spelled "Safeen". Actor Rami Malek actually has ancestry from an Arab country (Egypt) and was raised until the age of four being able to speak colloquial Masri, which is Egyptian Arabic. Malik is the second actor with ancestry from an Arab country to win the Academy Award (Oscar) for Best Actor. F. Murray Abraham, who won for 'Amadeus' (1984), was the first, whilst Malek won about 34 years later for 'Bohemian Rhapsody' (2018). 46 of 60 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide&nbsp;options First James Bond movie to be made and released after the passing away of former 007 actor Sir Roger Moore who sadly passed away on 23rd May 2017. It will also be the first film in the series to be released after the passing of former 007 actor Sir Sean Connery, who sadly passed away on 31st October 2020. 76 of 103 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First motion picture feature film of stunt driver Jessica Hawkins who was hand picked by stunt coordinator Lee Morrison who had scouted her potential from the Formula 3 W Series. She said: "It doesn't get any more exhilarating than being a stunt driver in a James Bond movie and it's an honour to be a part of this incredible movie driving the new Defender. " 33 of 42 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Ian Fleming James Bond novels which prominently feature S.P.E.C.T.R.E total to only two: "Thunderball" (1961) and "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" (1963). S.P.E.C.T.R.E. features in a more minor capacity in two other Fleming Bond novels, "The Spy Who Loved Me" (1962) and "You Only Live Twice" (1964), with the latter having Blofeld operate without S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Though S.P.E.C.T.R.E. appears in the Bond movies Dr. No (1962) and From Russia with Love (1963), S.P.E.C.T.R.E. did not actually feature in those films' source Fleming Bond novels, nor does S.P.E.C.T.R.E. feature in the Fleming source novels of the James Bond films Diamonds Are Forever (1971) and You Only Live Twice (1967), where S.P.E.C.T.R.E. is arguably represented, as both movie's feature arch-villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld, the head of S.P.E.C.T.R.E., the Special Executive for Counterintelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion. 16 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options To celebrate the return of James Bond's iconic Aston Martin DB5 to the big screen in 'No Time to Die' (2021), Aston Martin and Corgi unveiled a full-size replica of the original 1965 Corgi DB5 model. Located at The Coaling Jetty, outside Battersea Power Station, the life size model which measures 5.66 metres long, 2.7 metres tall and 2.7 metres deep, replicates the original Corgi design and houses a new Aston Martin DB5 Goldfinger Continuation car. The vehicle is complete with a broad selection of working gadgets, albeit the ejector seat, that fans will recognize from the classic James Bond films 'Goldfinger' (1964) and 'Thunderball' (1965): a retractable bullet proof rear shield, pop out machine guns, extending front over-riders and of course rotating number plates. 10 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to numerous reports, MGM was "at least open to the possibility of unloading their crown jewel for a princely sum," looking for a deal of around $600 million. It seems, however, that this was simply too high a sum for two streaming services reportedly described as "free-spending," which probably refers to Netflix and Apple which are named in the report. A spokesperson for MGM denied any streaming deal "We do not comment on rumors. The film is not for sale. The film's release has been postponed until April 2021 in order to preserve the theatrical experience for moviegoers." Another issue is whether Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson would have to sign off on the deal. According to show-business trade paper 'Variety', a sale so big would be led exclusively by Kevin Ulrich, CEO of MGM's majority owner, Anchorage Capital Group. Bond informers at MI6 HQ report that MGM is looking to sell only the North American distribution rights to the film which would still allow Universal Pictures to release the film internationally. MGM has already lost between $30 and $50 million already due to the delays in the releasing of the film, adding to a financially difficult year for MGM. Earlier this year it was reported that the studio was maybe looking into selling out to either Netflix or Apple, both of which also made offers for the latest Bond film, as the studio was hit with a wave of layoffs due to the pandemic. 13 of 15 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The official BOND 25 Live Reveal for this motion picture was held on 25th April 2019 at the Goldeneye Resort in Oracabessa, Jamaica. 28 of 36 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options David Dencik's role as the Russian scientist Obruchev was originally supposed to be smaller, but director Cary Joji Fukunagi enjoyed Dencik's performance so much that he expanded the role and looked for ways to keep the character in the film longer. 6 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In January 2021, a number of brand sponsors and partners demanded re-shoots pertaining to their product placement. Some products seen in the movie became outdated or obsolete due to the eighteen months delay caused by the global health pandemic. Reportedly, the Nokia phone ad starring Nomi (Lashana Lynch) had a smartphone which became both outdated and obsolete during the wait, with new models having being released in the interim. The speed at which smartphones get new models and releases is particularly fast. In the relevant Nokia tie-in commercial, CGI vfx was used to replace the phone in the advert, but the original smartphone in the movie remained the same. 6 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The theatrical release of this movie will mark the second longest hiatus in the official James Bond series. The interval between this picture and 'Spectre' (2015) is five years and eleven months. The longest gap between Bond movies was six years and five months between 'Licence to Kill' (1989) and 'Goldeneye' (1995). The third longest interval, a four year gap, occurred twice, between 'Die Another Day' (2002) and 'Casino Royale' (2006), and once again, between 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) and 'Skyfall' (2012). 23 of 30 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fourth consecutive James Bond film, after Spectre (2015), Skyfall (2012), and Quantum of Solace (2008), where Rory Kinnear played the Mi6 Chief of Staff character of "Tanner". With Spectre (2015), Kinnear took the record for playing the character the most times in a Bond movie, previously having tied with Michael Kitchen, who portrayed Tanner twice in GoldenEye (1995) and The World Is Not Enough (1999) (as well as voicing the character with his image in the video game The World Is Not Enough (2000)). Kinnear has also voiced Tanner with his image in three James Bond video games, they being 007 Legends (2012), GoldenEye 007 (2010), and James Bond 007: Blood Stone (2010). Taking all of these, this takes Kinnear's appearances as "Tanner" in all Bond visual media to six times. James Villiers and Michael Goodliffe each played the "Tanner" character once in Bond films, in For Your Eyes Only (1981) and The Man with the Golden Gun (1974), respectively. 14 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film cast includes two Oscar (Academy Award) winners: Rami Malek and Christoph Waltz and two Oscar (Academy Award) nominees: Naomie Harris and Ralph Fiennes. 16 of 20 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Key creatives and principal cast and crew stayed at James Bond creator Ian Fleming's renowned 'Goldeneye' resort during the production shoot during filming the movie in Jamaica. 11 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options With this film, Daniel Craig will become the third ranked actor to have played the character the most times in the official movies, after first ranked Sir Roger Moore who made seven official Bond films, and second ranked Sir Sean Connery (the first and original series James Bond) who appeared in six official Bond movies, but Connery equals Moore's seven Bond movies, if one counts Connery's unofficial Bond film Never Say Never Again (1983). If one counts both the tallies of Moore and Connery as being equal with 7 pictures each, Craig will, with a tally of five films with No Time to Die (2021), become the second ranked actor to have played James Bond the most times in cinema movies, after the Moore-Connery tie for first place. Down the tally order would be Pierce Brosnan with four, Timothy Dalton with two, and George Lazenby with one. David Niven portrayed the character of Sir James Bond once, in the unofficial spoof Casino Royale (1967), whilst Barry Nelson played James Bond once in the "Casino Royale" tele-movie (See: Climax!: Casino Royale (1954)). 51 of 74 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The total number of production crew personnel that worked on this picture amounted to about 650. 13 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The filming location of Matera in Italy is rumored and expected to be, according to industry insiders, be staging this movie's pre-credits action sequence, and is expected to be of the size and style of the one which was filmed in Mexico for 'Spectre' (2015). 15 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First Hollywood film to get a theatrical release in India in the Indian language dialect of Gujarati. The movie is also releasing in India in English and other predominant Indian dialects and languages. 17 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's first film to shoot with 70mm IMAX film cameras and Universal Pictures's second film to use IMAX film cameras since the lunar sequences in First Man (2018). Both films were shot by Linus Sandgren. It's the first 007 picture ever filmed with Imax15/70 film cameras. 8 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Many details have been updated in the movie in waiting for its release, due to the four postponed dates because of the Covid pandemic. Details related to the new technology brands showed in the film and which could be fashionable, popular, for the first foreseen release date - April 2020 - and not necessarily fashionable at the fourth release date, of late September/early October 2021 for most globally territories, when the movie finally debuted. 22 of 30 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Super Bowl TV spot for the film that was broadcast in the USA during the game in February 2020 cost a reported US $4.5 million. In Australia, a similar concept was utilized for their football code, Australian Rules football run by the AFL (Australian Football League). A TV spot for the movie was broadcast during the Aussie AFL Grand Final on 25th September 2021 despite the fact that the movie would not launch there for about another month and half on 11th November 2021. 10 of 12 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This movie's "No Time to Die" is the not the name of any original James Bond novel or short story by Ian Fleming, or any Bond comic or short story or video-game or continuation novel by another writer. Nor does it have any connection with James Bond creator Fleming in terms of wording or phraseology such as personal relevance, story text or the name of a chapter title. "No Time to Die" is the fourth James Bond film in the official series not to have any direct connection with Fleming. The first was Tomorrow Never Dies (1997), the second was Die Another Day (2002), and the third was Skyfall (2012). It's the fifth, if one counts the unofficial Bond movie Never Say Never Again (1983). Spectre (2015), GoldenEye (1995), Licence to Kill (1989), and The World Is Not Enough (1999) were all Bond movie titles with a connection to Fleming or a James Bond work (but not being a title of a novel or short story). 25 of 35 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Debuting James Bond co-scriptwriter Scott Z. Burns previously was a screenwriter on another spy movie, the Two Double-O Seven Jason Bourne film 'The Bourne Ultimatum' (2007). However, he receives no credit for screenwriting on this picture as Union rules state that a picture can only have four writing credits. In February 2019, Burns was responsible for an uncredited rewrite for the film. 15 of 20 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Longest pre-titles sequence in the official James Bond film series running at about 24 minutes before the opening titles roll. With its boat chase down the River Thames, the 14 to 15 minutes previous record holder had been 'The World is Not Enough' (1999), which held the title for around twenty-two years. That opening pre-credits sequence was so long that in theaters the opening song and titles didn't run until about one minute into the second reel. 7 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The eighth movie in the official James Bond film series to feature S.P.E.C.T.R.E., while it has also appeared in the unofficial Never Say Never Again (1983). The seven official James Bond movies, where S.P.E.C.T.R.E. has previously appeared, include: Dr. No (1962), Thunderball (1965), You Only Live Twice (1967), From Russia with Love (1963), Diamonds Are Forever (1971), On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969), and 'Spectre' (2015). 11 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Principal photography on this picture ran for 184 days between 28th April and 25th October 2019. Some second unit filming was done earlier in Norway during March 2019 and pick up shots were filmed at Pinewood Studios on Friday 20th December 2019. 11 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's premiere in China and a countrywide publicity tour was planned for April 2020 were cancelled due to the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak. 9 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options On 6th October 2021 at 6:30 p.m, about two days before the movie's release in the USA on 8th October 2021, the film's James Bond actor Daniel Craig received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In attendance were co-star Rami Malek and producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson the latter of whom also made a speech. Also in attendance were top brass from MGM, Universal International, EON Productions and United Artists Releasing. Craig is the 2,704th person to receive a star on the famed walkway and his resides near the star of another James Bond actor, Roger Moore, both at 7007 Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles, California, USA. Moore's star was awarded in the year 2007 on 10/11. The only other James Bond actor to have a star here is Pierce Brosnan, awarded on 12/03/1997, nearby at 7021 Hollywood Blvd. And about a block away is a star for co-founding James Bond producer Albert R. 'Cubby' Broccoli at 6910 Hollywood Blvd. 9 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Of the movie's 'No Time to Die' title, producer Barbara Broccoli has said: "We were struggling to find a title. We wanted a title that wouldn't give away anything but would be understandable, and after you see the movie, have a deeper resonance, because that's often what [Ian] Fleming titles are all about." 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options For every one of Daniel Craig's five James Bond films, there has never been a consistent returning gun-barrel walk sequence. In these, Craig's Bond movies have only used the classic Maurice Binder graphics once. In each of the movies, a new gun-barrel walk sequence was filmed with the actor. In 'Casino Royale' (2006), the sequence was worked into Bond's first kill as a Double-O Agent. For 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) and 'Skyfall' (2012), the gun-barrel walk was moved from their traditional place right at the start of the film to just before the end credits roll. 'Spectre' (2015)'s gun-barrel walk used the Binder graphics and were sequenced in their traditional opening spot. In 'No Time to Die' (2021), the gun barrel sequence is still at the beginning but is uses CGI (computer generated imagery) for the contours graphics of the inside of the gun. Moreover, there is no red blood falling colour at the end of the gun-shot component of the gun-barrel walk, the first time this has happened in the series. Further, it is also the first time in a Craig as Bond movie that he is seen wearing a tuxedo during a gun-barrel walk sequence. 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie's title song secretly features an Easter Egg: the famous classic opening Bond sting from the many Bond theme songs. Singer Billie Eilish confirmed this Easter Egg in the track in the music episode of the 'No Time to Die' Official Podcast. She said: "You can't do a Bond song without it sounding like a Bond song. If you listen closely, you can hear [the Bond sting] in the second verse. It's very subtle, and it's very echoed. We decided to do that though." Her brother and the song's producer Finneas O'Connell said: "It was recorded in London, and then like there was a version without [the Bond sting]. Then, we were like, put it back in, it's great.'' (A "sting" is a trademark set of notes. For this theme song, the four notes occur just after the second verse begins.) 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The name of the Cuban night-club in Havana, Cuba was the ''El Nido Bar''. The words ''El Nido'' are Spanish and translates into the English language as ''The Nest''. Set Decorator Véronique Melery has said: "This hotel was a composite set, with a grand entrance, a theatre, a ballroom, and some bars. The feeling of this place is of an old palace, all faded glory. The frescoes' patina lends to the nostalgic atmosphere, and the elegance of the dated Art Deco furniture shows signs of age, like so many places in Cuba." 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In James Bond (Daniel Craig)'s home in Jamaica in the movie there is a replica of James Bond creator Ian Fleming's actual writing desk in the corner of the bedroom. The real desk however resides in Jamaica at Fleming's Villa at the Goldeneye Resort in Oracabessa, Jamaica. 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The interior design of the ground floor bar of the ''El Nido'' Bar of the old grand hotel in Havana, Cuba was inspired by the classic ''Nighthawks'' (1942) oil on canvas painting by Edward Hopper. The bar is featured in the film when Bond (Daniel Craig) has a drink with Paloma (Ana de Armas) during the Cuban sequence. 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Daniel Craig is the only actor to play the James Bond who was never seen smoking in a Bond movie. Though there is the appearance of 'Delectado' cigars at his Jamaican home in 'No Time to Die' (2021). His iteration of the character though was the first time Agent 007 was seen drunk on screen which was in 'Quantum of Solace' (2008). 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to film in Jamaica since 'Live and Let Die' (1973) with this being an interval of about forty-six years. 13 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The painting that hangs in the office of M (Ralph Fiennes) is the ''Battle of Germany'' (1944) by British war artist and surrealist painter Paul Nash (11 May 1889 - 11 July 1946). The landscape and battle painting genres artwork is an abstract art oil painting on canvas with a World War II theme and hangs in the Imperial War Museum in London, England. According to 'Architectural Digest', it is ''an abstract work from 1944 of a city under attack'' and ''was selected to hang on M's wall'' as ''it hints at some of his emotional conflicts through the film.'' The artwork was the final painting that Nash painted under his tenure with the WAAC (War Artists' Advisory Committee). The WAAC had originally requested a sequel to Nash's earlier painting the ''Battle of Britain'' (1941). One of the producers of the later movie 'The Battle of Britain' (1969) was former James Bond film series producer Harry Saltzman. 6 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options It had been touted that Daniel Craig would not play James Bond in this film the 25th in the series after Spectre (2015). Rumored and considered replacement actors were Harry Lloyd, Idris Elba, Aidan Turner, Henry Cavill, Jamie Dornan, Orlando Bloom, Hugh Jackman, Charlie Hunnam, Matthew Goode, Christian Bale, Michael Fassbender, Dominic West, Jack Davenport, David Beckham, and bookies front-runners, Tom Hardy and Damian Lewis. 67 of 116 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options All of the actors in the official James Bond series to date have done a different number of James Bond films with no actor to date doing three despite any contract for three films and assuming, as reported, No Time to Die (2021) will be Daniel Craig's last. They are: George Lazenby (one), Timothy Dalton (two), Pierce Brosnan (four), Daniel Craig (five), Sir Sean Connery (six), Sir Roger Moore (seven) [Connery has also done seven Bond films if one counts the unofficial Never Say Never Again (1983)]. 39 of 65 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to feature two lead / major Bond Girls who are black. They are actresses Lashana Lynch and Naomie Harris, who play Nomi and Eve Moneypenny, respectively. In 2015, when 'Spectre' was released, Essence and the African-American Film Critics Association produced the event "Black Women of Bond", held at the California African American Museum in Los Angeles in California, USA, it being a "tribute to honor the contributions of Black actresses to the iconic series." 30 of 49 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This will be the first Bond film since Die Another Day (2002) to be distributed theatrically by MGM in the US. When they secured a deal for the film with Universal in 2018, which covers both international theatrical distribution and worldwide home entertainment distribution, MGM reclaimed the US theatrical rights through a joint distribution venture they formed with Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures. On February 5, 2019, MGM and Annapurna relaunched United Artists to expand their joint venture, and re-brand Annapurna's one-time theatrical distribution arm under the United Artists Releasing banner, making this the first Bond film since The World Is Not Enough (1999) to be distributed with the UA brand. (UA had been a home to the series for 38 years since its initial launch in 1962.) 22 of 35 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The breed of Q (Ben Whishaw)'s two cats seen in the film are Hairless Egyptian Sphynx cats which are the same type of breed as the cat Mr. Bigglesworth in the 'Austin Powers' Bond spy spoof series. Mr. Bigglesworth himself is a cat spoof of Blofeld's Cat from the Bond series whose breed is a blue-eyed white-haired Chinchilla Turkish Angora Persian cat. Blofeld's Cat actually appears in a starring role in a 'No Time to Die' (2021) tie-in advert. In 'Meow' (2020) (V), aka the 'Royal Mail James Bond Stamps 'No Time to Die' Television Commercial', Blofeld's Cat has his first ever starring role in an official Bond video in a comic commercial promoting a series of James Bond stamps. Ironically, Austen Humphries, the director of the commercial, actually has an ''Austen Powers'' like name. 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie's 'No Time to Die' title features a word mentioning death or dying. During the making of 'Quantum of Solace', James Bond actor Daniel Craig said he wanted to avoid titles that mention dying or death for that Bond film's title. The name of the theme song for that Bond movie actually ended up being "Another Way To Die". 12 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First and only James Bond film starring Daniel Craig as James Bond not to feature the Sony / Columbia Pictures studio logo at the start of the movie nor be distributed by that studio in any territories. 20 of 33 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In Denmark, during its opening weekend, 'No Time To Die' (2021) at the box-office became the most watched movie in Danish history. The record had been held by the previous James Bond movie 'Spectre' (2015). One of the major filming locations in 'No Time to Die' (2021) is the Faroe Islands which is an autonomous territory in the Kingdom of Denmark. 8 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Between this James Bond movie and the previous one, Spectre (2015), the films' producers, Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, produced a non-Bond picture, Film Stars Don't Die in Liverpool (2017), their first non-Bond dramatic feature film produced together. 9 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Allegedly the only film in history to close 160 cinemas due to its delayed release caused by the COVID-19 world health pandemic. 19 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Eighth James Bond film to shoot in Italy with the movie filming in Matera. The previous pictures were [in order]: 'From Russia with Love' (1963) in Venice, 'The Spy Who Loved Me' (1977) in Costa Smeralda in Sardinia, 'Moonraker' (1979) in Venice, 'For Your Eyes Only (1981) in Cortina d'Ampezzo, 'Casino Royale' (2006)' in Venice and Lake Como, 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) in Siena and Talamone, as well as 'Spectre' (2015) in Rome. 10 of 15 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's official synopsis reads: "James Bond has left active service when his friend Felix Leiter enlists his help in the search for a missing scientist. When it becomes apparent that they were abducted, Bond must confront a danger the likes of which the world has never seen." 24 of 43 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The plot line about James Bond (Daniel Craig) having left the service and being asked for help has already been used as a story element in the non-series James Bond parody Casino Royale (1967) which was suggested by Ian Fleming's first James Bond novel of the same name. Ironically, the first James Bond movie of Daniel Craig was in fact the 'Casino Royale' (2006) remake. 12 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 5th James Bond movie to feature a seaplane. The make and model of the seaplane is apparently a De Havilland Canada DHC-2. Prior to 'No Time to Die' (2021), seaplanes have featured in at least four James Bond movies. They were: (1) A Republic RC-3 Seabee Seaplane in 'The Man With the Golden Gun' (1974) ; (2) A Cessna U206G Stationair Amphibian Seaplane in 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) ; (3) A Cessna 185 Seaplane in 'Licence to Kill' (1989) ; and (4) A De Havilland Canada Twin Otter Seaplane in 'Casino Royale' (2006). 6 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options James Bond movies, according to 'The Morning Call', "have usually been announced in Britain but this time, the cast and filmmakers flocked to Fleming's Goldeneye villa in Jamaica for a live-streamed announcement". 7 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to be released in 3D (in selected countries only though). This includes 3D and RealD formats. 7 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to be screened in both the new technology formats of 4DX and ScreenX. 7 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The name of one of the CMA CGM vessels on the Jamaican Coast that features in 'No Time to Die' (2021) is the ''Fort Saint Georges''. The name of the spy ship fishing trawler in the earlier James Bond movie 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) was the ''St. Georges''. 'No Time to Die' (2021) debuts in 2021 which is the 40th Anniversary year of 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981). Ironically, the seaplane stunt in 'No Time to Die' (2021), which involves flying a seaplane through a series of port terminal STS cranes, evokes the opening action sequence in 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) where a helicopter flies through an abandoned Beckton Gas Works warehouse building. The similarity of the two aerial action sequences is that the flying vehicle is ''flying though'' the interior of a structure in both films, an empty warehouse in 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) and a series of H shaped cranes in 'No Time to Die' (2021). 7 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This James Bond Charity Benefit Royal Premiere for 'No Time To Die' (2021) set a new record for the most amount of money raised at such a James Bond film Charity World Premiere event with the total raised being over £1,000,000 (UK Sterling pounds). 7 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During filming at Langvann in Hakadal, Norway, due to ice melting quicker attributed to global warming, a set construction of a hytte (large cabin) started to sink into the ice, uncharacteristic for the time of year, and the film production had to act quickly to rectify the situation. Director Cary Joli Fukunaga told Nordic newspaper 'Aftenposten': "-'A set we'd built began to sink down into the lake.' He described a race against the clock, with no opportunity to postpone that portion of the filming, 'since it was an unusually warm winter'.'' It added: ''the frozen lake scenes in Nittedal became a bit more exciting for the production crew than expected: A short winter characterized by the relatively warm temperatures linked to climate change resulted in the ice over Langvann melting much more quickly than expected.'' Production designer Mark Tildesley has said: ''We built that house on the lake and decided to put it in the middle of the lake. It was tricky because we didn't get our cameras in time and the ice began to melt. So, we had to support the house on stilts to keep it standing.'' Ironically, it was Daniel Craig's first Bond movie 'Casino Royale' (2006) that featured in Venice... a sinking house. 7 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In Jamaica, James Bond (Daniel Craig) discovers that someone has been in his home smoking a cigar. He finds one there and detects that the type is a ''Delectado''. According to 'Cigars of the Silver Screen' published by Alexanders Cigars Merchants, ''in a very British take on the genre, in [the earlier Bond movie] 'Die Another Day', Bond [Pierce Brosnan] visits a Cuban cigar factory ostensibly asking for a Delectado cigar whilst searching for a sleeper agent. At the time the movie was made there was no such thing as a Delectado but of course there is now.'' Both 'Die Another Day' (2002) and 'No Time to Die' (2021) feature Cuba as a setting as does 'GoldenEye' (1995). 7 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options It marks as the second longest gap in between Bond movies. In between this film and the previous entry Spectre (2015), it's a distance of five years. The longest gap was of six years in between Licence to Kill (1989) and GoldenEye (1995). 9 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Producer Michael G. Wilson confirmed during the theatrical release of Spectre (2015) that Daniel Craig is not contracted for five films and at the time of the interview Craig is not actually under contract for No Time to Die (2021). Wilson told London's The Mirror, "We think we've got him but we don't have a contract" whilst Wilson said to The Hollywood Reporter, "...that the studio [MGM] is confident of securing Craig for the inevitable No Time to Die (2021)" according to website 'We Got this Covered'. 12 of 20 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actresses Naomie Harris and Lashana Lynch appearing in this film are both of Jamaican descent. This movie features Jamaica as one of the major filming locations. Naomie Harris' mother is from Jamaica, where Ian Fleming wrote the James Bond stories at his Goldeneye estate. Lynch is the fifth actress of Jamaican descent to play a Bond Girl whilst Naomie Harris was the fourth actress of Jamaican descent to play a Bond Girl, starting with 'Skyfall' (2012), then 'Spectre' (2015). American Grace Jones was the third in A View to a Kill (1985). Jones was born in Spanish Town, Jamaica, whereas Harris' mother is from Jamaica, Naomie spent some time there as a child. Ian Fleming wrote the James Bond stories at Goldeneye in Jamaica. The first Bond Girl in the official franchise, was Swiss actress Ursula Andress, who was first seen in a white bikini emerging from the tranquil sea waters of Jamaica in Dr. No (1962). Marguerite LeWars was the first in Dr. No (1962). LeWars was the reigning Miss Jamaica, and was cast in the film when the production crew encountered her at Kingston Airport, where she had been an employee there. Martine Beswick is the second Jamaican actress, and the only Jamaican who was cast twice: as the gypsy Zora in From Russia with Love (1963), and as the doomed Paula in Thunderball (1965). 12 of 20 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The name of the drink that James Bond in retirement pours at his home in Jamaica is ''Blackwell's Rum''. The beverage makes its film debut in a James Bond movie in 'No Time to Die' (2021). The rum is produced by Chris Blackwell who was a location scout on 'Dr. No' (1962). In 1956, Fleming met Chris' mother, Blanche Blackwell, who lived next door. They became close friends and Chris became a location scout in 1961 for 'Dr. No' (1962) upon Fleming's recommendation. Chris and his mother spent many afternoons at Goldeneye, enjoying lunch in Fleming's sunken garden and swimming in the crystalline lagoon. Of the rum in the film, Chris Blackwell said: "This is a rum that celebrates Jamaica, my friendships, and also my family legacy." The involvement of the Blackwell family with the 25th James Bond film 'No Time to Die' (2021) has made this very special relationship between Bond and Blackwell in existence since 'Dr No' (1962) now come full circle with 'No Time To Die' (2021). 4 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options James Bond series regulars since Skyfall (2012), Ben Whishaw and Naomie Harris, whose characters of Q and Moneypenny respectively were re-introduced to the series with that Bond movie, have both appeared in other espionage filmed productions since their last Bond movie role reprisals in Spectre (2015). Whishaw has starred in the London Spy (2015) mini-series for television, whilst Harris has starred in the filmed adaptation of John le Carré's Our Kind of Traitor (2016). 17 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Third James Bond movie for actors Ralph Fiennes (M), Ben Whishaw (Q), Jeffrey Wright (Felix Leiter), and Naomie Harris (Eve Moneypenny). 10 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Though the official announcement event and its associated twenty minute launch video [See: 'Bond 25: Live Reveal' (2019)] were hosted at the Goldeneye estate and resort where Ian Fleming wrote the James Bond stories and novels, and the movie itself is being partly filmed in Jamaica, the 'Goldeneye' site in Oracabessa in Jamaica itself is not being used as a filming location for this film. 5 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options May 2020 UK media reports revealed that by the end of December 2019, the cost of the picture to 'B25', the film's holding company, was UK £199.5 million. 5 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cary Joji Fukunaga is the first person to both direct a Bond film and be credited as one of its writers. 5 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During the early development period of this film during 2016, one of the film's producers, Barbara Broccoli, produced William Shakespeare's "Othello" on the stage Off-Broadway, and set in a modern day army military camp barracks, with James Bond actor Daniel Craig playing Iago, and with David Oyelowo portraying the title character of Othello. 14 of 26 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond film in the official series to premiere and be selected to screen in competition at a film festival. The movie will co-debut in its traditional English format in London at the same time it will open the Zurich Film Festival. However, it will not be the first time a Bond movie will play at a film festival. There have been over the years various James Bond revivals and retrospective film festivals whilst 'GoldenEye' (1995), for example, was selected to screen in a spy movie strand at the Cambridge Film Festival in 2009. 6 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Eight Aston Martin DB5 stunt cars were build specially for this movie, and two real Aston DB5 were used for close-ups. The main difference between stunt car and hero cars is that the stunt cars can drift and have a shine in the paint that doesn't look common in a old car, and the grill chrome looks too new for a 1964 model. 6 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Stunt Coordinator Lee Morrison said of the New Land Road Defender vehicles seen in the movie: "We pushed the Defender further than we believed possible to generate the maximum excitement, and to give fans an insight into the uncompromising challenge of producing an incredible chase sequence which you can look forward to seeing in 'No Time To Die'," and "designing and coordinating the action sequences for the Bond franchise requires a non-compromising mindset. We needed an unstoppable vehicle to help us battle against the elements, steep descents and river crossings so we chose the new Defender. I'm beyond impressed that the Defender is not only back but much, much better!". 7 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Possibly the final James Bond film to be produced by long-time series stalwart Michael G. Wilson. At the Royal World Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall, fellow producer Barbara Broccoli grabbed the microphone, and thanked her half-brother (now aged around 79) for his contribution to the James Bond film series. 7 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie is the first pandemic picture that made over US $100 million globally without being released in China and which did not debut in the USA. 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When actress Lashana Lynch first auditioned for the role of Nomi and a Double-O Agent she has stated that she did not initially know she was auditioning for a Bond movie. 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The picture was filmed on two continents, Europe and North America, and across six countries: Jamaica, Italy, Norway, Scotland, England and the Faroe Islands, the latter of which is an autonomous territory of the Kingdom of Denmark. 11 of 20 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Ana de Armas's character is named Paloma which is the Spanish word for "Dove". The nick-name of Milos Columbo (Topol) in the earlier James Bond movie 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) was ''The Dove''. The James Bond film 'No Time to Die' premieres in the year 2021 which is actually the 40th Anniversary of 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981). 14 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film allegedly had a working title of "Shatterhand". According to the book "James Bond: The Man and His World" (2005) by Henry Chancellor, "'Old Shatterhand' was a curiously named café that [Bond creator Ian] Fleming had seen in Hamburg in 1959". There has already been a movie that shares the title of this café, Old Shatterhand (1964). Hamburg, Germany, is where Tomorrow Never Dies (1997) was partially shot. Reportedly, one of the working titles for Tomorrow Never Dies (1997) was "Shatterhand" making 'No Time to Die' (2021) the second Bond movie to have a working title of ''Shatterhand''. 10 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Ernst Stavro Blofeld character, who is played by Christoph Waltz in this James Bond film, has appeared in the following James Bond movies and video games (in order): From Russia with Love (1963), Thunderball (1965), You Only Live Twice (1967), On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969), Diamonds Are Forever (1971), informally in the official For Your Eyes Only (1981), in the unofficial Never Say Never Again (1983), GoldenEye 007 (2010), GoldenEye: Rogue Agent (2004), 007 Legends (2012), 'Spectre' (2015), and this movie. 10 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This movie shares its name with Columbo (1971) season eleven, episode two, "No Time to Die". 34 of 77 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Rami Malek's stunt double in this film is named Safi. Rami's character in the film is named Safin. 32 of 72 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's original North American theatrical release date was November 8th, 2019. Its release date was pushed back a second time, to February 14th, 2020, and then again until April 2020. However on Wednesday, March 4th, 2020 two days after tickets were released, it was announced that the film would be postponed seven months till November 2020 due to the Coronavirus affecting movie theatres in several international markets. The film was scheduled for November 25th in North America but on June 13th, 2020 it was moved up five days to November 20th. It will open on November 12th in the U.K. 13 of 25 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Third James Bond movie starring Daniel Craig as James Bond with a car chase sequence in Italy. The first was in 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) whilst the second was in 'Spectre' (2015). 9 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The new Land Rover Defender vehicles seen in the movie were the first makes and models to be released from the company's factory in Nitra, Slovakia. Land Rover's design team worked closely with Chris Corbould , the film's Special Effects and Action Vehicles Supervisor, on the Defenders' technical specifications. 'No Time to Die' (2021) is the first cinema movie to feature the new make and model of these sport utility vehicles. Ten of them were used for the movie including the OO7th one rolled out off the factory line. They are variants based on the Defender 110 X make and model in Santorini Black which has darkened skid pans, professional off-road tyres, and twenty inch dark finish wheels. Land Rover first announced that the new Defender vehicle would be appearing in this film on 13th November 2019. Series III Land Rover and the Range Rover Classic makes and models also appear in the movie. 9 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond film to feature Cuba as a setting since 'Die Another Day' (2002) which is an interval of about eighteen years. However, the picture will not do any filming in Cuba, with Jamaica and Pinewood studios doubling for the small nation. For the earlier 'Die Another Day' (2002), the production went to Cuba to source locations, but they were unable to shoot there, due to American legislation of the USA, so Cuba was re-created in a combination of Pinewood Studios outside of London, England, and at Cadiz in Andalucía, Spain. 'No Time to Die' (2021) features the first ever lead/major Cuban Bond Girl, Paloma, portrayed by Cuban born actress Ana de Armas. An earlier James Bond movie 'Goldeneye' (1995) was also partially set in Cuba, with the GoldenEye Satellite Dish set there, but this was actually portrayed by the Arecibo Observatory, which is located in Arecibo, Puerto Rico. The official live reveal launch of 'No Time to Die' (2021) was held at the Goldeneye Estate in Jamaica. 8 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Sony has been in talks about renewing the distribution for the James Bond series, after Spectre (2015) would be its last film between Sony and MGM in the current renewed distribution contract, which also included Skyfall (2012). The two studios first Bond distribution was for Casino Royale (2006) and Quantum of Solace (2008). However, other studios have been competing for the distribution rights, including, Warner Bros., and 20th Century Fox. 11 of 21 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options An early short promotional gun barrel sequence was released in black and white in June 2019 mirroring the one that was used for 'Casino Royale' (2006) and suggesting the possibility that the series traditional gun barrel sequence may not be used for this movie. 7 of 12 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie's "No Time To Die" title, after having being known as "Bond 25" for a very long time, was announced by the producers, Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, via Twitter on 20th August 2019. 7 of 12 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Development of this picture has been reported to begin in Spring 2016 in the Northern Hemisphere which will be the season of Autumn 2016 in the Southern Hemisphere. In a late 2015 interview with Swiss news-magazine 20Minuten.ch, producer Barbara Broccoli said: "We have put three years of work into Spectre (2015). It was a thrill, but now we want to enjoy the success and the reactions of the audiences. In spring we start again." 10 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Third James Bond movie starring Daniel Craig as James Bond with a motor-bike chase sequence. The first was in 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) whilst the second was in 'Skyfall' (2012). 12 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Daniel Craig announced that he would be returning to the role of James Bond with this movie on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015) in August 2017 whilst doing press (publicity) for Logan Lucky (2017). In that film, Craig plays a character called "Joe Bang", which has the same "J.B." initials as "James Bond", and in a sense, this is a play on the name of the James Bond character. The timing of the announcement has been considered to be an asset for the promotion of Logan Lucky (2017). 14 of 29 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options After Danny Boyle left the project, a short-list of potential directors included: Jean-Marc Vallée, David Mackenzie, Yann Demange, and Edgar Wright. 11 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's music composer Hans Zimmer served as executive music producer on EON Productions' previous picture 'The Rhythm Section' (2020) which was scored by his friend and colleague Steve Mazzaro who is the score producer of 'No Time to Die' (2021). 5 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Show-business trade paper 'The Hollywood Reporter' estimated in March 2020 that the 2020 release date change from April to November would cost the MGM studio an estimated US $30-50 million. 5 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film could be the first ever James Bond movie in the official film franchise to lose money. Show-business trade paper 'Variety' said the studio had already spent $66 million on promoting the film, while fellow show-business trade paper 'The Hollywood Reporter' wrote that the delay cost MGM between $30-50 million in wasted marketing costs, and estimated that the global box office losses could have exceeded $300 million had the film stayed in its April 2020 slot. Different figures have been reported in the press, some stating that the film has $100 million in marketing costs on the top of its $250 million budget declaring that it needs to make between $600-800 million to just break even. 5 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options With development of this movie reported to going to start in 2016, the film, the 25th Bond movie in the official series, was originally estimated to be released in either late 2017 or late 2018, but in mid-2017 it was confirmed that it will be debuting late 2019. 14 of 30 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Lutvann, one of the frozen lakes that this James Bond spy movie production filmed at in Norway, is situated right near E-tjenesten, which according to Norway's 'News in English' website, is ''the fenced-off headquarters of Norway's own military intelligence agency''. 3 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options About five days before the film's world premiere, the film's James Bond actor Daniel Craig was made an honorary Commander in the British Royal Navy. The rank matches that of James Bond in the novels and movies whilst the filmmakers worked closely with them and the Ministry of Defence in the production of the picture. Commander Craig's appointment as an Honorary Officer was made to reflect his personal support for Her Majesty's Armed Forces and links it with the legacy created through the guise of the famous fictional British secret agent. Commander Craig has stated that he is keen to support personnel with the Royal Navy with a particular interest in service families. Commander Craig said: "I am truly privileged and honoured to be appointed the rank of Honorary Commander in the senior service." The word ''commander'' actually features in a working title of an Ian Fleming Bond novel. That was for the other 'No' titled Bond story - 'Dr. No' - and it was ''Commander Jamaica'' - and it's a popular title amongst fans for being be used one day as a James Bond movie title. 'No Time to Die' (2021) features Jamaica as a setting and filming location and in the film Bond in Jamaica is called Commander by Nomi (Lashana Lynch). As such, there is a little bit of ''Commander Jamaica'' in 'No Time to Die' (2021). 3 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options After the old Dalida sung French song ''Dans la Ville Endormie'' (1968) was acquired for use in the movie, the song was then re-issued in a limited and numbered edition 45 rpm 10'' inch (25 cm) vinyl single issue release and a music video made in the style of a James Bond opening titles sequence which is available on the internet to watch. 4 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Third James Bond movie in the official series to feature Cuba as a setting. The first was 'GoldenEye' (1995), whilst the second was 'Die Another Day' (2002). 'No Time to Die' (2021) is the first non-Pierce Brosnan James Bond film to feature Cuba as a setting. 7 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Director Cary Joji Fukunaga (from the USA) is the fifth non-British person to direct a Bond film, after Martin Campbell (New Zealand), Roger Spottiswoode (Canada), Lee Tamahori (New Zealand) and Marc Forster (Swiss-German). 7 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Members of the British Royal Family in attendance at the film's Royal World Premiere on Tuesday 28th September 2021 at the Royal Albert Hall included their Royal Highnesses, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall (Prince Charles and Camilla Parker-Bowles) and their Royal Highnesses, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (Prince William and Kate). 7 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cuban actress Ana de Armas, who plays the Bond Girl Paloma in this picture, made her big screen debut in the Spanish movie 'Virgin Rose' ('Una rosa de Francia') which premiered in 2006 - the same year as Daniel Craig's first James Bond movie 'Casino Royale'. 18 of 43 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cast and crew from 'No Time to Die' (2021) in attendance at at the film's Royal World Premiere on Tuesday 28th September 2021 at the Royal Albert Hall included cast members Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Léa Seydoux, Lashana Lynch, Ben Whishaw, Naomie Harris, Jeffrey Wright, Rory Kinnear, Ana de Armas, David Dencik and Dali Benssalah. Crew members included director Cary Joji Fukunaga, composer Hans Zimmer, "No Time To Die" musicians and performers Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell, and producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson. Principal cast members not in attendance included Ralph Fiennes and Christoph Waltz. Former James Bond film series cast members in attendance included Judi Dench, Michelle Yeoh, Britt Ekland, and Maryam d'Abo. 6 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Paul McGuigan, Edgar Wright, Christopher McQuarrie, S. J. Clarkson, Jean-Marc Vallée, David Mackenzie, and Yann Demange were all apparently considered to direct the movie at some point. Director Christoper Nolan stated he would not be directing the film. Cary Joji Fukunaga replaced Danny Boyle as the film's director. 8 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options It was much speculated and anticipated that singer Billie Eilish might be launching this film's title song at the 2020 Academy Awards ceremony. This was fueled by the fact that the details of her performance at the event and the name of the song she would be singing was not revealed publicly. She did not sing the 'No Time to Die' song at the Oscars but sang 'Yesterday' by 'The Beatles' during the 'In Memoriam' segment. The original director of 'No Time to Die' (2021) was Danny Boyle. After he left the production over creative differences, the name of the movie he made was 'The Beatles' related feature film 'Yesterday' (2019). 8 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In late June 2019, it was reported in the media that there had been a title for this movie, 'A Reason to Die', which was to be announced during the late April launch event, 'Bond 25: Live Reveal' (2020) (V), but was allegedly pulled the night before by senior figures in the production for not being Bond enough. If 'A Reason to Die' was to have become the title of this film, then known under the working title of 'Bond 25' (2020), it would also have been the fourth James Bond film to feature the word "die(s)" in the title, after 'Live and Let Die' (1973), ''Tomorrow Never Dies' (1997), and 'Die Another Day' (2002). Further, the theme song for 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) was called 'Another Way to Die'. Moreover, the phrase 'A Reason to Die' formed part of the title for the early 1970s spaghetti western, 'A Reason to Live, a Reason to Die' (1972), which co-starred Telly Savalas, who had played Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the earlier James Bond film 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969). In the end, the title was announced as 'No Time to Die' (2021), which like the title 'A Reason to Die', features the word "die(s)" in the title. So either way, the picture becomes the fourth James Bond film in the official series to feature the word "die(s)" in the title. 11 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film features the first ever black Double-O agent character in the official James Bond series. The character is Nomi portrayed by actress Lashana Lynch, who is of African-Jamaican descent. In a 21st January 2020 interview on Entertainment Weekly's video special 'Around the Table with No Time to Die' (2020), she clearly stated that she portrays a Double-O agent in this movie. 9 of 19 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to show-business trade paper 'The Hollywood Reporter' in 2015, Spectre (2015) "...could mark the end of the Sony/MGM collaboration. Spectre (2015) is the last in a two-picture deal that Sony struck in 2011 with MGM, which controls rights to Bond along with EON producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson. Sources say MGM expects to pursue an especially tough bargain once other studios come calling. Sony established a successful track record with the first two 007 movies starring Daniel Craig as the tuxedoed super-spy, Casino Royale (2006) and Quantum of Solace (2008). But it still had to fend off competition from rivals when it sat down with MGM, headed by CEO Gary Barber, in 2011 to renew its deal. Paramount came close to snapping up Bond but walked away from MGM's demands and the relatively low 8 per cent distribution fee MGM was willing to pay. Sony prevailed by throwing other movies into the pot, taking on MGM as a co-financing partner on The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2011) and Total Recall (2012). But while Sony had been 50-50 partners on Casino [Royale] and Quantum [of Solace], it capped its investment in Spectre (2015) . . . to 25 percent of the movie's negative cost. In exchange, it has a 25 percent stake in the new movie plus distribution fees for overseeing its worldwide roll-out". 11 of 25 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This James Bond film features Jamaica as a major filming location. Five of the actual original James Bond novels and short stories written by Ian Fleming at the Goldeneye estate in this country featured Jamaica as a setting. They were (in order): The novel 'Live and Let Die' (1954); the novel 'Dr. No' (1958); the short story 'For Your Eyes Only' (1960); the novel 'The Man with the Golden Gun' (1965); and the short story 'Octopussy' (1966). 5 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options With Our Kind of Traitor (2016) following 2015's James Bond movie Spectre (2015) in 2016, Miss Moneypenny actress Naomie Harris becomes the fourth major actor in the James Bond film series to star in movies relating to both John le Carré and Ian Fleming's James Bond. Pierce Brosnan and Sir Sean Connery are actors who have both previously portrayed James Bond on screen and both starred in le Carré filmed adaptions, they being respectively The Tailor of Panama (2001) and The Russia House (1990), the latter which has a title that evokes From Russia with Love (1963) which starred Connery as Bond. Rachel Weisz, the wife of James Bond actor Daniel Craig, previously starred in the Carré filmed adaptation The Constant Gardener (2005), for which she won a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award. The Constant Gardener (2005) also starred the Bond film franchise's Ralph Fiennes who has portrayed the series' new M character Gareth Mallory since Skyfall (2012) as has Harris played Eve Moneypenny. About thirty cast and crew personnel worked on both Spectre (2015) and the film of John le Carré's Our Kind of Traitor (2016). It is anticipated that the characters of M and Eve Moneypenny played by both Fiennes and Harris respectively will return in No Time to Die (2021). 16 of 40 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Seventh James Bond film to have a title which references life and/or death. The previous ones [in order] were: 'You Only Live Twice' (1967), 'Live and Let Die' (1973), 'A View to a Kill' (1985), 'Licence to Kill' (1989), 'Tomorrow Never Dies' (1997), and 'Die Another Day' (2002). 7 of 15 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cuban actress Ana de Armas recently appeared in the Beatles tribute movie 'Yesterday' (2019), directed by Danny Boyle, who was for a long time going to be the director of 'No Time to Die' (2021), then known as 'Bond 25', before Boyle departed the production due to creative differences. James Bond star Daniel Craig previously worked with Boyle on the 2012 London Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony[See: 'London 2012 Olympic Opening Ceremony: Isles of Wonder' (2012) (TV)]. 8 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The North American release date in the USA was pushed back from 14th February 2020 to 8th April 2020. In the end, the movie opened stateside on 8th October 2021. 5 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The British title for the earlier British film 'Tank Force!' (1958), produced by co-founding James Bond producer Albert R. 'Cubby' Broccoli, was also "No Time To Die". It was shown under that title in the UK in the late 1950s. However, 21st-century showings of the film on British television have reverted to its American release title of "Tank Force". 5 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fourth James Bond film starring Daniel Craig to film in Italy. The earlier ones were 'Casino Royale' (2006), 'Quantum of Solace' (2008), and 'Spectre' (2015). With the announcement in 2019 that Bond 25 (2020) will be filming scenes in Matera in Italy, 'Skyfall' (2012) becomes the only Bond film starring Daniel Craig not to have any scenes set or shot in Italy. 6 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The literal English translations of some of the movie's foreign language titles include ''007: No Time to Die'' (Chinese Mandarin, Japan and Portugal); ''007: A time to be born, and a time to die'' (Chinese Cantonese); ''No Reason To Die'' (Czech Republic); ''No Time To Exist'' (Turkey); ''Not the Time to Die'' (Vietnam); ''Dying Can Wait'' / ''To Die Can Wait'' (France, Canada (French) and French Territories); ''It's Not Time to Die'' (Poland); ''007: Life and Death Battle'' (Taiwan); ''There is No Time to Die'' (Serbia); ''007: Death Must Wait'' (Estonia); ''There's No Time For Death'' / ''There is No Time for Death'' (Croatia); ''Death Is Ahead'' / ''Death Will Wait'' (Lithuania); and ''Death Can Wait'' (Estonia and Bulgaria). Previously, about twenty years earlier, the phrase ''Death Can Wait'' had also been a literal English translation in Italy and Finland for their foreign language titles for the Bond movie 'Die Another Day' (2002). 7 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 'B25' was a working title for the film seen on clapperboard slates for filming this movie. 'B25 Limited' was the name of the holding company which was set up by the production in order to process accounts and business relevant to the making of 'Bond 25'. The final title for the movie was announced in late 2019 as 'No Time to Die' (2021). 4 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fourth James Bond film in the official series to have its World Premiere held at the Royal Albert Hall. The previous ones were [in order]: 'Die Another Day' (2002), 'Skyfall' (2012), and 'Spectre' (2015). The event was, and still is, made available free to global worldwide viewing audiences via Facebook. 4 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to be distributed by the Universal Pictures studio, at least in part, as they will be distributing the movie in non-USA territories, as did the previous foreign distributor of the last four pictures, Sony / Columbia Pictures. The film features the Universal Pictures studio logo at the start of the movie in regions Universal distribute it as with the Columbia torch lady logo when Sony did. The ball-shaped Universal logo morphs into the gun-barrel dots of the opening gun-barrel sequence. Universal also have the global rights to distribute the film on physical home media like DVD and Blu-Ray. This movie will also be the first James Bond film starring Daniel Craig as James Bond not to be distributed by the Sony / Columbia Pictures studio. 5 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The names of the two sea vessels from the shipping company CMA CGM that feature in the movie are CMA CGM Fort Saint Georges (2,260 TEUs1) and CMA CGM Fort De France (3,504 TEUs) [TEU = Twenty-Foot Equivalent Unit]. 2 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Despite the film extensively referencing the early Bond movie 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969) and its ''All the Time in the World'' music and dialogue, director Cary Joji Fukunaga, who admitted to having being a Bond series fan-boy, had not seen 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969) prior to directing 'No Time to Die' (2021). 2 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the only James Bond movie featuring the Ernst Stavro Blofeld character that doesn't also feature his white Persian cat. Ironically, the reverse has also happened. Blofeld's Cat actually appears in a starring role without Blofeld in a 'No Time to Die' (2021) tie-in advert. In 'Meow' (2020) (V), aka the 'Royal Mail James Bond Stamps 'No Time to Die' Television Commercial', Blofeld's Cat has his first ever starring role in an official Bond video in a comic commercial promoting a series of James Bond stamps. 2 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In North America, when the movie was released on 8th October 2021, it's main rival at the box-office was the sequel Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021), which was playing in its second week, after having recorded a pandemic box-office record in its first frame, and attracting many young movie-goers, something it is believed to have eaten in to this movie's opening at the stateside box-office. In fact, about 160 personnel worked on both pictures. Ironically, the 'Venom 2' sequel co-stars James Bond series Eve Moneypenny (Naomie Harris) whilst that movie's star, Tom Hardy, was in late 2020 heavily rumoured to be the next James Bond, reportedly to a point that UK bookies stopped taking bets. Moreover, Harris commented in the media on 29th September 2021 that she thinks Hardy should be the next James Bond, saying, "He would make a great Bond." 2 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Around July 2017, French director Denis Villeneuve was one of a number of directors who were considered to direct the film, but by December 2017 he had decided to commit to 'Dune' (2021), which ironically has found itself being released around the same time as 'No Time to Die'. The 'Dune' (2021) sci-fi remake of the 1984 film actually stars two Bond movie alumni, Javier Bardem and David Bautista, who starred in 'Skyfall' (2012) and 'Spectre' (2015) respectively. Villeneuve's earlier 'Blade Runner 2049' (2017) did the same with Bautista again and Ana de Armas from 'No Time to Die'. In October 2021, when 'No Time to Die' was in its first month of release, Villeneuve publicly declared in the media that he would love to direct a Bond movie. 2 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options At the 2021 box-office, the movie had its best opening weekend for any Bond film ever in twenty-four countries including Japan, Hong Kong and Germany. In the USA, the picture opened on more than 4,000 cinema screens, the most ever for any Bond film stateside, and raced to No.1 at the box office in its opening week in the states. In the UK, the film had a greater three-day opening weekend than either 'Spectre' (2015) or 'Skyfall' (2012), and it became the highest-grossing film of 2021 in the UK as well as the highest since the pandemic began - and this occurred after just four days in British cinemas. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In 2018, Polish Tomasz Kot was reported in the media as the actor who then director Danny Boyle wanted to cast as the villain. Around this time, Kot issued a formal press statement about this publicity through his Polish agency representation L-Gwiazdy. It read: ''In response to the media publications concerning the tension between Danny Boyle and Daniel Craig, allegedly caused by their differences in the artistic vision of the film and the possibility of Tomasz Kot being part of the new James Bond film we'd like to state the we don't have any knowledge about what was the cause of these differences. It is true that Tomasz Kot was asked by the director to prepare a couple of scenes where he showcased the latest Bond villains and he did that with great pleasure. All casting issues are managed by the producers and the director. We did not get any official statement from either of them, so we can't offer a statement based solely on media publications." 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The names of books seen at the home of James Bond (Daniel Craig) in Jamaica include: (1) ''Time's Arrow: or The Nature of the Offence'' (1991) by Martin Amis ; (2) ''Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945'' (2005) by Tony Judt ; (3) ''The Complete Zaha Hadid'' by Zaha Hadid (2009) ; (4) ''Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry into Values'' (1974) by Robert M. Pirsig ; (5) ''Welcome Aboard! Traveling on an Ocean Liner'' (1987) by Barbara A. Huff ; (6) ''A Sailor's Tales'' (1978) by Bill Robinson ; (7) ''Sunset Song'' (1932) by Lewis Grassic Gibbon ; (8) "The Complete Book of Sea Fishing" (1993) with introduction by Trevor Housby ; and (9) ''A Brilliant Darkness: The Extraordinary Life and Mysterious Disappearance of Ettore Majorana, the Troubled Genius of the Nuclear Age'' (2009) by Joao Magueijo. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options A number of the film's principal cast were born in the year that a Bond movie first released. Rami Malek was born in 1981 when 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) debuted; Ralph Fiennes was born in 1962 - the year of the first James Bond film 'Dr. No' (1962); Lashana Lynch was born in 1987 - the year 'The Living Daylights' (1987) launched; Jeffrey Wright was born in 1965 - the year 'Thunderball' (1965) exploded; David Dencik was born in the first release year of 'The Man with the Golden Gun (1974); and both Billy Magnussen and Léa Seydoux were born in 1985 when 'A View to a Kill' (1985) premiered with that Bond movie being partially set in and filmed in France where Seydoux is from. Moreover, the film's director Cary Joji Fukunaga was born on 10th July 1977 which was just three days after the World Premiere of 'The Spy Who Loved Me' (1977) on 07/07/77. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First time that the criminal organization SPECTRE has appeared in back-to-back consecutive James Bond movies in the official series since 'Diamonds are Forever' (1971). 'No Time to Die' premieres in 2021 which is actually the 50th Anniversary year of 'Diamonds are Forever' (1971). 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Even though the movie was shot on film and some sequences were captured using native IMAX cameras, the movie was not released on printed format and only digital screenings were announced. Even at 70mm projector equipped venues the movie was screened digitally. Only cinemas where IMAX laser projection is available had the IMAX sequences exhibited in 1.43:1 aspect ratio, all other IMAX screens showed the picture in 1.90:1 aspect ratio. Most other cinemas screened the movie in traditional 2.40:1 aspect ratio only. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Debut theatrical feature film of actresses Coline Defaud and Lisa-Dorah Sonnet who play the young Madeleine and the young Mathilde respectively. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Co-starring in this James Bond movie is actor David Dencik who plays the scientist Valdo Obruchev. Dencik actually has some history with the spy film genre having previously played Toby Esterhase in John le Carré's 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy' (2011) a decade earlier and most recently appearing as Colonel Stork in the mini-series remake of Len Deighton's 'The Ipcress File' (2021) (TV) which debuted in the same 2021 year as 'No Time to Die'. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cast members Léa Seydoux and Christoph Waltz have both appeared in four movies. The pair first appeared together in the first scene of Inglourious Basterds (2009) and later both appear again in the two Bond movies Spectre (2015) and No Time to Die (2021). In the same year as the latter, the two are also seen in The French Dispatch (2021). 4 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Royal World Premiere Charity Benefit is held in aid of charities supporting serving and former members of the three intelligence agencies: GCHQ, the Security Service and the Secret Intelligence Service. The event also assisted charities supporting past and present members of the United Kingdom Special Forces. 3 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fourth James Bond film to feature the word 'Die' or 'Dies' in the title after 'Live and Let Die' (1973), 'Tomorrow Never Dies' (1997), and 'Die Another Day' (2002). A James Bond continuation novel by John Gardner is entitled 'Win, Lose or Die' (1989) whilst another by Raymond Benson is called 'Never Dream of Dying' (2001). The names of two 'Young Bond' novels are 'Double or Die' (2007) by Charlie Higson and 'Heads You Die' (2016) by Steve Cole. 6 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first James Bond film to be released theatrically in the United States in the month of October since 'Never Say Never Again' in 1983. This is a period of approximately thirty-eight years. 6 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie to film in the Carribbean region since 'Casino Royale' (2006) which shot in the Bahamas - an interval of about fourteen years. Filming in Jamaica is one of the major settings in 'No Time to Die' (2021). 'Casino Royale' (2006) was Daniel Craig's first Bond movie whilst 'No Time to Die' (2021) has been confirmed to be Craig's final as James Bond. 5 of 15 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Metro Goldwyn Mayer will release this 25th James Bond feature film domestically in the USA through their United Artists Releasing banner on 8th April 2020, through Universal Pictures International globally in non-US and UK territories, and through Metro Goldwyn Mayer, in the UK on 3rd April 2020. 4 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First time in the official James bond film franchise that two actresses have portrayed the same Bond Girl / Bond Woman character in the one same Bond movie (excluding body doubles and stunt doubles). The Madeleine Swann character is actually played by two actresses in the film. Léa Seydoux reprises her role from 'Spectre' (2015) as the adult aged Madeleine whilst Coline Defaud portrays the Young Madeleine during the pre-titles sequence. 2 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 'No Time to Die' (2020) features Norway as a filming location. The film's director Cary Joji Fukunaga previously directed Maniac (2018) which was based on a Norwegian television series of the same name. 007 personnel worked on both productions. They are: Cary Joji Fukunaga, actor Billy Magnussen, consultant producer Nick Cuse, first assistant director Jon Mallard, ADR mixer/recordist Michael Miller and visual effects creators, digital compositor Zahid Jiwa and digital matte painter Rahul Venugopal. 2 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Right on the day after the movie world premiered, British comedian and long-time Golden Globes host Ricky Gervais jokingly declared himself to be the next James Bond thereby giving himself the moniker: ''The Man with the Golden Globes''. Gervais, with a dapper photo of himself sporting a tuxedo from when he hosted the Golden Globes in 2020, said on Twitter on 29th September 2021: ''I'll be the next James Bond but I'm not doing any running around or working after 4pm. And no Martini. Bollocks drink, that. Oh, and he's from Reading and swears a lot.'' 2 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First Daniel Craig James Bond movie to be released by United Artists instead of the Sony Corporation. The banner and branding of this MGM distribution company is called United Artists Releasing. 4 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond film to feature a black Felix Leiter character and a black Miss Moneypenny character in the same James Bond movie. The series regular characters are played by Jeffrey Wright and Naomie Harris respectively. In 2015, when 'Spectre' (2015) debuted, the African American Film Critics Association hosted a tribute event to "The Black Women of Bond" at the California African American Museum in Los Angeles, USA. 7 of 33 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options A casting sheet for the film was made public during the early period of the picture's development when Danny Boyle was attached as the movie's director. It described the film's villain antagonist as a "cold and charismatic Russian" with the leading Bond lady role as a "witty and skillful survivor". Moreover, there were male Maori henchmen characters in supporting roles in the film with actors to play them requiring "advanced combat skills". 1 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The warship seen in the film is portrayed by the British Royal Navy vessel HMS Dragon. The ship filmed its scenes for the film prior to the pandemic in The Solent. A Royal Navy spokesman declared though ''no weapons were fired during the filming'' of the movie indicating that any missiles fired in the film were the result of VFX and CGI. The 152 metre Portsmouth-based ship is a Daring-class Type 45 air-defence destroyer and has a gigantic red dragon emblem on its hull. In actual use, it performs weapons operation, helicopter maintenance, long-range air target searching and long-distance target engagement. Ten of the Dragon's crew attended the Royal World Premiere Charity Benefit of 'No Time to Die' (2021) on 28th September 2021 where images of the ship were shown on big screens over the red carpet and about fifty musicians from the Portsmouth Band of the Royal Marines played at the end of the live cross. 1 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When the film was originally going to first release in 2020, a time when cast member Ana de Armas and ''Batman'' actor Ben Affleck were dating, it was reported in the media that Armas had been told that she could not take Affleck to the World Premiere, as this could act as a distraction to the proceedings, effectively banning the American movie star from the big event. Ironically, the film's long-time series producer, Michael G. Wilson, is the son of Lewis Wilson, who was the first actor to play the ''Batman'' character on screen with the Columbia Pictures wartime serial ''Batman'' (1943). However, in the end, the two ended up separating before the gala launch on 28th September 2021 at London's Royal Albert Hall. 1 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Daniel Craig and George Lazenby are the only James Bond actors to drive an Aston Martin in each and every Bond movie they appeared in, though in Lazenby's case, he only appeared in the one Bond movie - 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969). 1 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Sixth theatrical feature film collaboration of actors Ben Whishaw and Daniel Craig. Apart from their three Bond movies - 'Skyfall' (2012), 'Spectre' (2015) and 'No Time to Die' (2021) - the pair prior to the series had both previously starred in 'The Trench' (1999), 'Layer Cake' (2004) and 'Enduring Love' (2004). 1 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Featuring in the pre-credits sequence in this Bond movie is the Italian stone city of Matera, which is, according to TV Tropes, ''a rare instance of [a] non-Italian film where the city appears as itself.'' 1 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cast members David Dencik and Daniel Craig both previously worked together on 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' (2011) about a decade earlier with the movie premiering exactly ten years before 'No Time to Die' (2021). 1 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Second James Bond movie in the official series to film in Jamaica and feature either the words "die" or "no" in the title. The first Bond film to film in Jamaica and have the word "no" in the title was 'Dr. No' (1962) whilst the first Bond film to film in Jamaica and have the word "die" in the title was 'Live and Let Die' (1973). 6 of 36 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The James Bond character has long been associated with the Cold War. Actor Ralph Fiennes, who portrays M / Mallory, directed a dramatic biopic feature film called 'The White Crow' (2018), which was first released between 'Spectre' (2015) and 'No Time to Die' (2021), and covers the defection from the former Soviet Union to the west of ballet dancer Rudolf Nureyev. After a number of film festival screenings in 2018, 'The White Crow' (2018) started theatrically releasing widely in a number of territories from around March 2019 which was around the time when 'No Time to Die' (2021) started filming. 4 of 25 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actors Rami Malek and Ralph Fiennes, previously collaborated on 'Dolittle' (2020) prior to working on this Bond movie. In fact, in total, about two hundred personnel, both cast and crew, actually worked on both pictures. 2 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jeffrey Wright (Felix Leiter) and Billy Magnussen (Logan Ash) had previously worked together on the 2018 comedy Game Night. 1 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Second film featuring Daniel Craig where Louis Armstrong's song 'We Have All The Time In The World' is heard. In Craig's earlier movie, 'The Jacket' (2005), it is sung by Iggy Pop. That movie was first released in 2005 which was the same year that Craig was cast as James Bond with it being publicly announced at the 'Casino Royale' press conference launch on 14th October 2005. 1 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The song ''All the Time in the World'' by Louis Armstrong from 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' ('OHMSS') (1969) is featured in the film. Lyrics were originally intended for John Barry's main 'OHMSS' (1969) theme, but were later rejected in favor of Louis Armstrong's memorable rendition of "We Have All The Time In The World". This love theme, composed by John Barry with lyrics by Hal David, was the last song recorded by Louis Armstrong. A re-mix of the song "We Have All The Time In The World" was a number three hit in the U.K. twenty-five years after the movie was originally released. The song has also been covered by Iggy Pop, and it can be heard on the David Arnold Bond song compilation album, "Shaken and Stirred: the David Arnold James Bond Project". This album also featured a cover of 'OHMSS' (1969) main title theme performed by Propellerheads. 1 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Product placements, brand integrations, corporate partners, and promotional tie-ins for this movie include: Nokia phones; vehicles: Formula One, Triumph motorcycles, Aston Martin, Jaguar and Land Rover Defender; watches: Omega and Swatch ²Q; clothing from N. Peal; footwear: Adidas sneakers and Crockett & Jones shoes; accessories: Barton Perreira sunglasses, Michael Kors bags and Globe-Trotter attaché cases; drinks: Coca-Cola, Heineken beer, Smirnoff vodka, Blackwell Rum and Bollinger champagne; Chopard diamond jewelry; boats: Spirit Yachts and CMA CGM shipping; Greg Williams Photography (GWP); DHL couriers and logistics; Royal Mail stamps; and the Jamaican Tourist Board. 1 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The main space in Safin's Lair where Safin (Rami Malek) delivers his major monologue (as seen in publicity clips) was nick-named by the production ''The Meeting Room''. 1 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fifth James Bond movie in the official series with a four word title. The first was 'From Russia with Love' (1963), the second was 'You Only Live Twice' (1967), the third was 'Live and Let Die' (1973), and the fourth was 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981). It's the sixth if one counts the unofficial Bond movie 'Never Say Never Again' (1983). 5 of 36 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 'Film New Europe' reported on 30th August 2018 regarding the earlier publicized casting of Polish actor Tomasz Kot as the villain in this Bond movie: ''Polish actor Tomasz Kot has responded to a deluge of international media reports that allege a conflict between Danny Boyle and Daniel Craig over who would play the main villain was the reason behind the director walking away from the 25th Bond film. Kot confirms that the director considered him for the role of the Russian villain but says that he does not have any knowledge about the alleged artistic tensions between Danny Boyle and Daniel Craig. According to international media reports, when Craig opposed Boyle's choice to cast Kot and wanted to replace him with someone more internationally recognized, the director walked away from the project claiming a lack of artistic freedom.'' Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie's folding-wing two-seat submersible glider in the movie has a name - "Stealthy Bird". The name was revealed during mid-October 2021 press announcements for the new ''Bond in Motion - 'No Time To Die' Exhibition'' at the UK's National Motor Museum in Beaulieu. It is seen in the film when Bond (Daniel Craig) and Nomi (Lashana Lynch) fly to Safin's lair. Like ''Little Nellie'' (the mini auto-gyro) and ''Wet Nellie'' (the underwater car) before it, in 'You Only Live Twice' (1967) and 'The Spy Who Loved Me' (1977) respectively, it continues a tradition in the series where novelty vehicles have nick-names. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's folding-wing two-seat submersible glider in the movie continues a tradition in the Bond film franchise which sees vehicles perform a different type of motion than their usual travel mode. These have included the Lotus underwater car - the amphibious car that can turn into a mini-submarine in 'The Spy Who Loved Me' (1977); the gondola boat that could turn into a road vehicle in 'Moonraker' (1979); and the car that could be adapted to fly in the air in 'The Man with the Golden Gun' (1974) and become a flying car. Further, in 'Octopussy' (1983), a car traveled in train-like locomotion driving on rail tracks, whilst in the non-bond spy movie 'XXX: The Return of Xander Cage' (2017) dirt-bikes converted into jet-skis. Moreover, about a half dozen 1960s films and a few others feature an ''amphicar'' - it's another amphibious vehicle but one from real life - an automobile which can drive along the top of water. Now, 'No Time to Die' (2021) features two amphibious aircraft - it's the fifth James Bond film to feature a seaplane whilst there is also the fantastical "Stealthy Bird" glider - a plane that can turn into a submarine. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Royal Navy warship seen in the film is portrayed by the British Royal Navy vessel HMS Dragon. Previous Royal Navy ships to appear in Bond movies have included HMS Rothesday in 'Thunderball' (1965), HMS Tenby in 'You Only Live Twice' (1967), HMS Fearless in 'The Spy Who Loved Me' (1977) and both HMS Winchester (interiors) and HMS Somerset (exteriors) in 'Tomorrow Never Dies' (1997) portraying three fictional ships - HMS Bedford, HMS Chester and HMS Devonshire. Ironically, in the other 'No' titled Bond movie, 'Dr. No' (1962), the title character's attack vehicle on Crab Key was named the ''Dragon''. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to Huntingbond's 'James Bond Movie Locations around the World', ''the 'El Nido' night club and the whole junction in front of it aren't real: they were a massive set built in Pinewood [Studios 007 Stage]. The stairs and bar of the night club are inspired by famous real counterparts: For example the stairs, where Paloma (Ana de Armas) fights, are taken from Havana's famous bar 'La Guarida'. The balcony and street setting is inspired by bars like 'Casa de la Trova' in Santiago and the wooden bar has similarities to one of [Ernest] Hemingway's home-turfs in Havanna: 'Sloppy Joe's Bar'.'' Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The British Royal Air Force (RAF) granted access to key assets and personnel to the production. RAF Brize Norton, in Oxfordshire, was used as a backdrop in the film, standing in for a NATO airbase in Norway, where James Bond (Daniel Craig) joins MI6 allies and later boards a C-17 Globemaster aircraft. Meanwhile, for the production, the British Army supplied troops from the Household Cavalry. They offered their time at a pivotal moment in their calendar, just before the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace in London, England. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Eighth James Bond movie where the villain resides on an island lair. Safin (Rami Malek)'s lair is called ''Poison Island'' and it's actual location was on Kalsoy Island in the Faroe Islands. In 'Skyfall' (2012), Raoul Silva (aka Tiago Rodriguez)'s empty island lair was shot on Hashima Island, an abandoned isle near Nagasaki, Japan. The others were: Dr. No (1962)'s Crab Key island; Largo's Palmyra Estate in the Bahamas in Thunderball (1965); Blofeld's Japanese island volcano lair in You Only Live Twice (1967); Mr. Big's (Dr. Kananga's) fictitious Carribean island of San Monique in Live and Let Die (1973); Kizkulesi Island (The Maiden's Tower) belonging to Renard and Elektra King located in Turkey's Bosphorus Sea in The World Is Not Enough (1999); and perhaps most famously was Scaramanga's island in The Man with the Golden Gun (1974). Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The use of the 1968 French song ''Dans la Ville Endormie'' in the film sung by Dalida was first announced in October 2020 for a scene in the movie intended to be set in France. The song is reminiscent of and has been likened to that of James Bond song music of the 1960s such as that of 'Goldfinger' sung by Shirley Bassey. The music for the song was composed by William Sheller with lyrics written by Claude Lemesle. Dalida sadly passed away in 1987 which was the year the James Bond film 'The Living Daylights' (1987) debuted. Dalida once had dinner during the 1980s at the Palace of Versailles with former James Bond actors Roger Moore and Sean Connery. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The use of the French song ''Dans la ville endormie'' (1968) sung by Dalida was first announced in October 2020 for a scene in the movie intended to be set in France. According to French newspaper 'Le Figaro', Orlando, producer and brother of Dalida, ''in great secrecy . . . cleared the James Bond producers to use the song 'The Sleeping City'-'' in late 2019. In the 17th November 2020 edition, Orlando said: ''When the phone rang a year ago, I was really surprised. It really pleased me that the James Bond team looked at Dalida's repertoire. I admit to feeling a touch of pride. Dalida would have loved it too. She really enjoyed watching 007 movies especially the early ones. In the 80s, in the company of Michel Drucker, with whom she was very good friends, she went to dinner at the Palace of Versailles at the same table as Sean Connery and Roger Moore. There are beautiful photos of this evening.'' Of the place in 'No Time to Die' (2021) that the song is heard, Orlando said: ''In a scene where James Bond is in France. The production obviously did not send me a preview of the images of the film but a synopsis of the scene. The song is broadcast on the radio and in a nightclub.'' Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to the 'Useless Daily Gazette', the time-line of Danny Boyle's involvement with the picture is as follows: ''In February 2018, Danny Boyle was established as a front-runner for the directing position. Boyle's original pitch to [producers] Broccoli and Wilson saw John Hodge writing a screenplay based on Boyle's idea with Purvis and Wade's version scrapped. Hodge's draft was greenlit, and Boyle was confirmed to direct with a production start date of December 2018. However, Boyle and Hodge left in August 2018 due to creative differences...It was reported at the time that Boyle's exit was due to the casting of Tomasz Kot as the lead villain. However, Boyle later confirmed the dispute was over the script. Following Boyle's departure, the release date became contingent on whether the studio could find a replacement within sixty days. Cary Joji Fukunaga was announced as the new director in September 2018.'' Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The name of the Italian town featured in the film where James Bond (Daniel Craig) and Madeleine Swann (Léa Seydoux) stay at the ''Palazzo Lucareschi'' hotel and later go to a train station is ''Civita Lucana''. Both these Italian place names are fictional and do not exist in real life. In the movie, ''Civita Lucana'' is portrayed by the town of Sapri in Salerno, Campania, Italy whilst the ''Palazzo Lucareschi'' hotel was comprised of two set constructions. These hotel scenes were filmed in Italy at Matera in Basilicata at the ''Rione Pianelle'' (for the lobby entry) and the ''Piazetta Pascoli'' (for the hotel room with balcony). Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film is selected to screen as the Closing Night Film at the 29th EnergaCamerimage International Film Festival on 20th November 2021 in the CKK (Cultural and Congress Centre) Jordanki in Torun, Poland. The showing at this fest, held each year for pictures recognized for their cinematography, follows the movie's Opening Night Film gig at the 2021 Zurich Film Festival on 28th October 2021. The film's director Cary Joji Fukunaga and cinematographer Linus Sandgren are scheduled to attend. The Official Publicity statement declares: ''This is the first time Cary Joji Fukunaga and Linus Sandgren collaborated on a film project, yet the result is just the kind of visual spectacle we hoped for given their artistic portfolios." Fukunaga's works that have previously screened at this festival include 'Jane Eyre' (2011) and the pilot episode of the television series 'True Detective' (2014-2019). Sandgren previously visited the festival to introduce both 'First Man' (2018) and 'La La Land' (2016). Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During principal photography, actor Rami Malek had to wear a wig to portray the arch-villain Lyutsifer Safin because he was still shooting the fourth and final season of the television series 'Mr. Robot' (2015-2019) and had to hide his haircut for his Elliot Alderson character. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's Royal World Premiere held on 28th September 2021, according to show-business trade-paper 'The Hollywood Reporter', was ''the biggest film premiere in the U.K. in several years and, definitely, since the start of the coronavirus pandemic''. The gala charity benefit event ''required all guests to show negative COVID-19 tests before entering the venue, and guests were 'strongly encouraged' to wear masks throughout, per the official invite.'' Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First time in the official James Bond film franchise that the silver-birch gun-metal grey Aston Martin DB5 spy car has been seen in three consecutive Bond movies. The famous gadget car appeared at the very end of the previous Bond movie 'Spectre' (2015) as well as in that film's precursor during the third act of 'Skyfall' (2012). During the Pierce Brosnan era, the car appeared back-to-back in both GoldenEye (1995) and then in Tomorrow Never Dies (1997) just as it had gone back-to-back during the Sean Connery era appearing in Goldfinger (1964) and then in Thunderball (1965). The Aston Martin DB5 possibly appeared three consecutive times during the Brosnan era. The DB5 did originally appear in Brosnan's third Bond movie 'The World is Not Enough' (1999) and was seen arriving at the funeral of Sir Robert King (David Calder). But these shots were cut out but the DB5 can still be seen in the movie's DVD deleted scenes. Some believe a thermal satellite image of the Aston Martin DB5 can be seen right at the end of the film outside the home of Christmas Jones (Denise Richards). Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the car chase scene set in Norway but filmed in Scotland, James Bond drives a J90-series Toyota Land Cruiser. This is the first time a Toyota automobile has been featured as a major vehicle in a Bond movie since 'You Only Live Twice' (1967) which featured a bespoke Toyota 2000 GT convertible and an S 40-series Toyota Crown sedan. 1 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The nick-name of Primo (Dali Benssalah) was ''Cyclops''. He is so named after the fact that he has one bionic eye and one normal eye. According to 'The Bond Bulletin', ''henchman Primo [(Dali Benssalah)] seems to have a fake eye, an idea that had previously been in the script for 'SPECTRE' [(2015)].'' In the earlier James Bond movie 'Casino Royale' (2006), the henchman Gettler (Richard Sammel) wore eye-glasses with different shades - one clear and one dark. 1 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Paul Haggis did an uncredited rewrite of the screenplay. 1 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The number of the paper labelling on the Delectado cigar at the Jamaican home of James Bond (Daniel Craig) says ''1952''. This is a reference to the year that Ian Fleming in January 1952 started writing 'Casino Royale'' (1953), his first James Bond novel, at his villa at Goldeneye, Oracabessa, Jamaica. ''1952'' is also the estimated year that Fleming's also Jamaica-set Bond novel ''Live and Let Die'' (1954) is estimated to have taken place by Bond historian Henry Chancellor. 1 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Director Cary Joji Fukunaga is the first film director in the series to direct a James Bond film in the IMAX format. 1 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 'No Time to Die' (1958), aka 'Tank Force!', was produced by co-founding James Bond producer Albert Broccoli. A number of Bond series alumni worked on that 1950s picture. This included screenwriter Richard Maibaum, actor-stuntman Bob Simmons, actor-voice artist Robert Rietty, and 'Thunderball' (1965) actress Luciana Paluzzi. 3 of 28 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The make and model of the sailing boat that James Bond (Daniel Craig) sails in Jamaica is a Spirit 46 sailing yacht. Previously, he had sailed a Spirit 54 yacht in Venice in 'Casino Royale' (2006). The Spirit 46 is a day sailing yacht which has flush decks and long overhangs and is capable of up to 18 knots sailing speed. These Spirit Yachts are custom designed and inspired by elegant classic sailing yachts from the 1930s. They are built to order in the UK by a team of world class craftspeople at a waterside workshop in Ipswich, Suffolk. 1 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the car chase scene set in Norway Bond drives a J90-series Toyota LandCruiser. This is the first time a Toyota automobile has been featured in a Bond movie since 1967's "You only live twice" which featured a bespoke Toyota 2000 GT convertible used by the Japanese secret service and an S40-series Toyota Crown sedan used by SPECTRE. 1 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Filmmaker Cary Joji Fukunaga is the first director of Asian heritage to direct a James Bond film. 'No Time to Die' (2021) features a Noh mask and ceremonial costume which are of Asian (Japanese0 heritage. Bond movies to film in Asia include 'You Only Live Twice' (1967), 'The Man with the Golden Gun' (1974), 'Octopussy' (1983), 'Tomorrow Never Dies' (1997) and 'Skyfall' (2012). 1 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The use of the Dalida sung French song ''Dans la ville endormie'' (1968) in the film is not the first time an old French ballad has been used in a Daniel Craig James Bond movie. About a decade earlier, in 'Skyfall' (2012), a World War II-era French song was heard playing on Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem)'s Island lair. It was "Boum!" (1938) which had won the Grand Prix du Disque and was sung by French singer and songwriter Charles Trenet. 0 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The French song heard in the film, ''Dans la ville endormie'' (1968), is sung by Dalida. She actually once starred in a couple of Eurospy movies. The first was the French film 'Operation Abduction' (Rapt au deuxième bureau) (1958) whilst the second was the Italian film 'American Secret Service' (1968) which debuted in the same 1968 year as the song ''Dans la ville endormie''. 0 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie received a production support grant from the Norwegian Film Institute (NFI) for filming in Norway. This amounted to 47 million NOK (Norweigian kroner). Stine Helgeland, NFI Executive Director of Promotion & International Relations, stated that the grant has been "the largest in the incentive scheme's history." Reportedly, the amount funded equated to US $5.5 million. Previously, the Tom Cruise 'Mission: Impossible' spy movie 'Fallout' (2018), the one which is similarly titled to the earlier James Bond film 'Skyfall', had recently shot in Norway and utilized the same incentive scheme. 0 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options TV Tropes have awarded a 'joke 'Fake Nationality'' credit to two of the movie's cast. The Russian scientist character Valdo Obruchev is portrayed by Danish-Swedish actor David Dencik whilst the Italian henchman character of Primo aka Cyclops is portrayed by the Algerian-French actor Dali Benssalah. Moreover, Madeleine Swann is a character of at least partial Scandinavian descent (her childhood home is in Norway) and is portrayed by French actress Léa Seydoux. 0 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The song heard at the end of the movie, ''All the Time in the World" aka ''We Have All the Time in the World", is taken from the earlier Bond movie 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969), where the phrase ''All the Time in the World" was also the name of the last chapter in Ian Fleming's source novel of the same name, that being Chapter 27: ''All the Time in the World''. This was Fleming's tenth James Bond novel and was first published on 1st April 1963 with April being the same time as the original release month for 'No Time to Die' (2021) in April 2020 before an eighteen months delay was caused by the global pandemic. 0 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Three of this Bond movie's cast members - Léa Seydoux, Jeffrey Wright and Christoph Waltz - all appear in the Wes Anderson film 'The French Dispatch' (2021) which was co-currently playing the film festival circuit when 'No Time to Die' (2021) first released late September 2021. Both films also had gala premieres at the 2021 Zurich Film Festival and both pictures also screened there on 2nd October 2021. 'The French Dispatch' (2021) also co-stars two other Bond movie acting alumni - Mathieu Amalric and Benicio Del Toro - who co-starred in the earlier Bond movies 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) and 'Licence to Kill' (1989) respectively. Seydoux and Waltz have both appeared in the same two Bond movies - 'Spectre' (2015) and 'No Time to Die' (2021) - whilst Wright has appeared in three Bond movies: 'Casino Royale' (2006), 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) and 'No Time to Die' (2021). 0 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The on-board yachting scenes in Jamaica with James Bond (Daniel Craig) sailing were not directed by the film's director Cary Joji Fukanaga but by Spirit Yachts CEO and founder Sean McMillan whose company provided the 14 metre Spirit 46 yacht to the production. Boat International reported: ''During filming McMillan was charged with directing Craig on board and ensuring Bond appeared a convincing experienced sailor. At times, this involved McMillan lying on the floor - out of shot - barking instructions up to Craig as the cameras rolled.'' McMillan said: "By the time you've got cameras, cameramen and sound-men on a very small boat, there's not much room. Everybody just muddles on and gets along with it. There's no real difficulty about it at all because everyone wants the same end goal." 0 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The French song heard in the movie is ''Dans la Ville Endormie'' (1968) sung by Dalida. The song's title has a few English language translations. They are: ''The Sleeping City'', ''My Year Is A Day'' and and ''In the Sleeping City''. 0 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actor Billy Magnussen, who plays the CIA agent Logan Ash, actually has some history with the spy film genre. He previously portrayed Doug Forrester in Steven Spielberg's Oscar winning cold war thriller 'Bridge of Spies' (2015) as well as Porty McCabe in the Sundance debuting espionage drama 'The East' (2013) which had the tagline of ''Spy on Us. We'll Spy on You''. </div> 0 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Cameo Michael G. Wilson: Uncredited, the long-time series producer, who has made a cameo in every Bond movie since 'The Spy Who Loved Me' (1977), as a Military Officer at the SPECTRE party in Cuba, when James Bond (Daniel Craig) walks through the meeting. 2 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Hugh Dennis: The British comedian as Dr. Hardy. 1 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spoilers The trivia items below may give away important plot points. The quote M (Ralph Fiennes) recites at the end of the movie is taken from American novelist Jack London. It states: "The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time". This is actually an abridged version of a longer quotation which reads: ''I would rather be ashes than dust! I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot. I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.'' 344 of 353 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During the pre-credits car chase, Madeleine Swann (Léa Seydoux) says to James Bond (Daniel Craig), "I have something to tell you". This suggests that Madeleine wants to tell James that she is pregnant, but she doesn't get a chance. When Bond puts Madeleine on the train, she touches her stomach as the door closes. This sugests that it is an indication that she is pregnant, foreshadowing the later reveal that they both have a daughter together. 372 of 383 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Set photos have shown that there is a portrait painting of the former M character played by Judi Dench in the offices of Mi6. Also a set photo of Robert Brown's M character (1983 - 1989) appears too. Previously, a portrait painting of the former M character played by Bernard Lee was seen at the Mi6 Scotland retreat in 'The World is Not Enough' (1999). 182 of 187 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Safin's lair and its bay on his poison island is predominantly a CGI composition as was the case with Blofeld's circular cul-de-sac meteorite crater desert base lair in 'Spectre' (2015). Safin's lair in real life is located at Trøllanes on Kalsoy Island in the Faroe Islands (aka The Faroes) which are an autonomous territory of Denmark situated in the Nordic region of Scandinavia between Norway and Iceland. The Guide to the Faroy Islands website states: ''Kalsoy island is heavily animated [in 'No Time to Die' (2021)] as the only industry in the village Trøllanes is farming and there is no harbour.'' 57 of 57 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options There are a number of story elements in the film which are shared with the earlier Bond movie 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (OHMSS) (1969). They are: Bond tells Swann "We have all the time in the world" like Bond told Tracy; music theme excerpts from OHMSS are played throughout; the villain's scheme in both involves biological warfare; the ending is down-beat compared to most Bond movies, a key character dies at the end as Bond prepares to start a new family life; and Louis Armstrong's ''All the time in the World'' theme song is heard during the closing credits. 57 of 58 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options (For 'Spectre') Writer-director Cary Joji Fukunaga revealed to 'Interview Magazine' that he initially toyed with the idea of having a major twist halfway though the movie. It stated that the events of the last act of 'Spectre' (2015) and of the first part of this film were actually only happening in James Bond's mind as he was still connected to Blofeld's torture machine in 'Spectre' (2015), having only imagined his escape and the following events. The idea never went beyond an initial consideration though. 247 of 262 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The porcelain Royal Doulton "Union Jack" bulldog statuette which M (Judi Dench) gave James Bond as a present in 'Skyfall' (2012) can be seen just before James Bond (Daniel Craig) uncovers his Aston Martin V8 Vantage in his garage. The British Flag Bulldog figurine is seen at the bottom right corner of the screen. 88 of 91 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options There are several references to earlier James Bond movies. The opening credits start with the same colored dots as 'Dr. No' (1962); the movie ends with Louis Armstrong's song 'We Have All the Time in the World' as in 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969); the opening scene of the movie follows a quote from Madeleine in 'Spectre' (2015) when she says a man came to her house when she was a child; at M's office there are pictures of his predecessors: Bernard Lee, Robert Brown, and Dame Judi Dench; Safin's lair references Ken Adam's work in the Sean Connery Bond movies, especially 'Dr. No' (1962) (location island lair, Safin's room) and 'You Only Live Twice' (1967) (the cave where the serum is produced). 86 of 89 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the first time, since the movie series started in 1962, that the James Bond character dies. 549 of 592 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options in 'SPECTRE' (2015) Madeleine Swann (Lea Seydoux) mentions how a man came to her house once when she was a girl. It is believed that this man is Safin (Rami Malek). According to Screen Rant, ''Rami Malek's Safin, had also been mentioned during the latter entry ['SPECTRE' (2015)]. No Time To Die's opening sequence will see the assassin Safin chasing after a young Madeleine Swann in what was an assassination attempt on her father, Mr. White. Safin does succeed in killing Madeleine's mother, but Swann herself eventually escapes...Madeleine then briefly explains a man once came to kill her and she used a Beretta hidden by her father in self-defense, a throwaway line that (unknowingly) teased Safin's first onscreen appearance in No Time To Die.'' 169 of 179 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Although James Bond dies in this film, this film follows the long tradition of Bond films by including the post credits line "James Bond will return" 258 of 277 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During the scene between Safin (Rami Malek) with Mathilde (Lisa-Dorah Sonnet) and James Bond (Daniel Craig), a sharp eyed viewer will notice Craig slightly mouth or mimic two lines of dialogue spoken by Malek. This was apparently left in the scene, and is indicative of an actor engrossed by the drama of that take. One may never know why this wasn't edited out, besides perhaps the heightened emotional state of the scene. 67 of 70 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options As of 2021, Daniel Craig is in fact the only actor whose movies as James Bond span the entire career of Mr. Bond as Agent 007, right from the promotion to a 00 agent (an agent with a license to kill) in the opening movie Casino Royale (2006) to the death of his character in No Time to Die (2021). 51 of 53 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The passage that M (Ralph Fiennes) reads at the end of the film is from American novelist Jack London. It reads: "The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time." This same quote appears alongside James Bond's obituary in Ian Fleming's novel 'You Only Live Twice' (1964). Moreover, of this quotation, according to the 2nd December 1916 edition of 'The Bulletin' (San Francisco, California), ''this is generally known as London's Credo. He is known to have said these words, just two months before his death, to a group of friends with whom he was discussing life and living.'' 68 of 72 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie makes various references to the song "We have all the time in the world", which was originally written by John Barry (music) and Hal David (lyrics) for the classic James Bond movie 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969). The references in this movie are both lyrically and musically. At the beginning of the closing credits, the original recording by Louis Armstrong is played. 48 of 50 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First gun-barrel walk sequence in the official James Bond film series where there is no falling colour red (representing the blood of a target hit by the agent James Bond) in it. It has been suggested that this is because the character of James Bond is retired. Instead, there is a reverse zoom into the whiteness of the snow set opening sequence of Norway. As the James Bond character dies at the end, the opening gun-barrel sequence fading to white could represent the later death in the film of James Bond. 95 of 102 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond film where the James Bond character is a parent. Media reports in 2020 reported that James Bond (Daniel Craig) is a dad (or father) in this film having a five-year old daughter called Mathilde with Madeleine Swann (Lea Seydoux). Reportedly, an industry insider has said: "Yes, it's true. Bond is a dad." However, a detailed plot leak around the same time revealed a more complicated history that ties into Safin's ultimate scheme. 112 of 122 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Pictures of two previous incarnations of M characters feature in the background when M (Ralph Fiennes) talks to Nomi (Lashana Lynch) on the phone. These are Dame Judi Dench and Robert Brown, the latter being her predecessor. Brown played M in every Bond film from Octopussy (1983) to License to Kill (1989) as well as Admiral Hargreaves in the 'The Spy who Loved Me' (1977). Dench was M between 'GoldenEye' (1995) and 'Skyfall' (2012) and attended the Royal World Premiere of 'No Time to Die' (2021). 53 of 57 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie features some content and story elements from James Bond creator Ian Fleming's eleventh James Bond novel 'You Only Live Twice (1964). These are threefold: (1) Safin (Rami Malek)'s poison garden is derived from Dr. Shatterhand (Blofeld)'s Garden of Death ; (2) Verbatim dialogue from the book is used between James Bond (Daniel Craig) and Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Christoph Waltz) e.g. when Bond is choking Blofeld, he says, "Die, Blofeld, Die!" ; and (3) The quotation that M (Ralph Fiennes) reads at the end of the film. 18 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the first James Bond movie where James Bond, Felix Leiter, and Ernst Stavro Blofeld are all killed. This was done to wipe the slate clean for a future series reboot. 155 of 177 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During the opening titles there are a number of references to earlier James Bond opening title sequences. These include 'Dr. No' (1962) (colored dots motif); 'Goldfinger' (1964) (Aston Martin DB5); 'Thunderball' (1965) (scuba diver swimming); 'Casino Royale' (2006) (card hearts being shot); 'GoldenEye' (1995) (guns and statues); 'Quantum of Solace' (2008) (woman rising out of sand); 'You Only Live Twice' (1967) (red sun rising); and 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (OHMSS) (1969) (hour-glass and Britannia symbolism). OHMSS (1969), which 'No Time to Die' (2021) extensively references, also had an opening titles sequence which referenced earlier Bond movies. And the bells tolling in the opening action sequence are a nod to the same in "Die Another Day" (2002), which had lots of prior Bond film Easter eggs throughout. 26 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options (For Casino Royale) James Bond movies generally avoid referencing specific dates, but when Bond visits Vesper Lynd's tomb in Italy, her birth and death years of 1983 and 2006 respectively are shown. Casino Royale (2006), the film in which Vesper Lynd (Eva Green) dies, was first released in 2006, but 'No Time to Die' (2006) is the first time her character's age of about 22 or 23 at the time of her demise is revealed. Left without explanation is how Vesper Lynd, someone that young, obtained a senior-level position at MI6, tasked with protecting $100 million from falling into the hands of a terrorist. 59 of 66 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Second time in the official James Bond film series where a Blofeld character is killed. The first was in 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) where it was unofficial for legal reasons and the character was billed as ''Man in wheelchair''. As the Bond filmmakers now own the rights to Blofeld and SPECTRE, the official OO7 site now reports the jokey scene of Blofeld's end in 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981) as ''For Your Eyes Only Blofeld Drop''. 'No Time to Die' (2021) actually debuted in the 40th anniversary year of 'For Your Eyes Only' (1981). 29 of 31 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Unusually for a Bond film - all of which since GoldenEye (1995) have featured paid product placement for either BMWs or various British vehicles (Aston Martin plus Land Rover and Jaguar) - Bond and Madeleine drive a Toyota Land Cruiser Prado while evading Safin's assassins in Norway. The assassins all drive Land Rover vehicles, however, including Range Rovers and the all-new Defender 110 that was originally slated to make its debut in the movie (which was filmed before any photos of the vehicle had been released publicly). 26 of 28 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When James Bond (Daniel Craig) visits Vesper Lynd's grave in Italy, ''Vesper's Theme'' from 'Casino Royale' (2006) is played. 24 of 26 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie's opening sequence in Italy appears to take place shortly after the end of Spectre (2015). The film's action jumps five years ahead following the opening credits. Had the film been released as planned, this movie would've come out five years after its Spectre (2015) predecessor. 21 of 23 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Of the film's controversial ending, where James Bond is killed, Rodrigo Perez interviewed Hollywood script doctor Scott Z. Burns for 'The Playlist', and finally published the held-over second part of the interview just two days after the movie world premiered. It states: ''A source close told me about the ending years ago, and the basic concept of the conclusion was not due to director Cary Joji Fukunaga, [scriptwriter] Phoebe Waller-Bridge, or Burns and, in fact, was written by [screenwriters] Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, approved by the Broccolis, and in fact, may have gone as far back as the days when Danny Boyle was on the film. The particular details of the ending may have changed, but the basic concept was drafted long before anyone was recruited to help rewrite it. So there you have it, in case you think the newbies somehow 'changed Bond'." 20 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Lashana Lynch's Nomi is the first character in the official series to have the ''007'' number designation making her both the first woman and first black person to do so. It had been touted prior to release that Nomi (Lashana Lynch)'s Double-OO numerical designation is "004". But an early report in 2019 by UK newspaper 'The Mail' from a ''movie insider'' reported: ''There is a pivotal scene at the start of the film where M says, 'Come in 007', and in walks Lashana [Lynch] who is black, beautiful and a woman," the source said, 'it's a popcorn-dropping moment. Bond is still Bond but he's been replaced as 007'." 101 of 127 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Latin inscription on Vesper Lynd's tomb is a traditional warning from the grave. It reads: "As you are now, so once was I. As I am now, so shall you be." It also provides a clue to later developments in the film. 9 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The adult villain Lyutsifer Safin (Rami Malek) chases after a young Madeleine Swann (Coline Defaud) in the opening sequence. In actuality, Malek is only about four years older than French actress Léa Seydoux, who plays the adult Swann. 20 of 23 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Set photos from the movie show James Bond (Daniel Craig) seen driving an early model old vintage open-top blue Series III Land Rover in Port Antonio, Jamaica. In 'Dr No' (1962), which famously was mainly filmed also in Jamaica, Sean Connery as James Bond drove in Jamaica a marine blue 1961 Sunbeam Alpine Series 5 Sports Tourer convertible II Tiger rental car. A Land Rover Series III vehicle was last seen in a James Bond movie in Gibraltar during the pre-credits sequence of 'The Living Daylights' (1989). 30 of 37 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When James Bond (Daniel Craig) says to Logan Ash (Billy Magnussen), ''Who's the Blond?'', this is an in-joke and reference to the controversy around Craig's original 2005 casting in the role and being labelled a blond James Bond, which got hyped in the UK media as ''James Blond'' (as well, Craig was also labelled ''James Bland''). 20 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie ever where the Felix Leiter character dies or is killed. In the earlier James Bond movie, 'Licence to Kill' (1989), Della Churchill (Priscilla Barnes) married Felix Leiter (David Hedison), then soon after, Della Leiter was murdered by Sanchez (Robert Davi). 10 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The character of Safin can be interpreted as a new version of Dr. No. In the prologue he uses a japanese Noh mask and during the third act a henchmen refers to him as "Doctor" hence Dr No(h). 26 of 33 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The meaning of the phrase ''L'homme Masqué'', which Madeleine (Léa Seydoux) writes on a piece of paper only for it to later be burned, translates into the English language as ''The Masked Man''. Like the actress' nationality, it is French. 50 of 69 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Despite the film's title featuring two "O" characters, allowing for promotional materials to form the 007 symbol within the name of this James Bond movie, as has sometimes been the case when this can be done, as with 'Casino Royale' (2006) and 'Quantum of Solace' (2008), promotional materials for 'No Time to Die' (2021) do not form the 007 symbol within this James Bond movie's title. It has been suggested that as James Bond is retired and Nomi has the 007 code-number that this may be the reason for not forming the ''OO7'' numbering within the movie's 'No Time to Die' title. 19 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Léa Seydoux admitted that she cried when she watched the film - which she found to be very odd considering that she was actually in it. 14 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In this film, Ben Whishaw's Q is revealed to be gay - much like the actor himself. 27 of 36 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is only the second Daniel Craig as James Bond movie where his Bond character kills the movie's arch villain. In 'Casino Royale' (2006), Le Chiffre (Mads Mikelsen) was killed by his own people whilst the same fate was suffered by Dominic Greene (Mathieu Amalric) in 'Quantum of Solace'(2008), where Bond left him in the desert. Craig's Bond didn't kill a lead villain until his third Bond movie 'Skyfall' (2012) when he disposed of Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem). In Craig's fourth Bond film, 'Spectre' (2015), the arch villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Christoph Waltz) was not killed by Bond but sent to prison. However, in 'No Time to Die'(2015), Bond kills two arch villains. Bond kills both Safin (Rami Malek) and Blofeld (Waltz), albeit the latter he kills accidentally. 5 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film features a number of story elements which had been considered for the previous James Bond movie 'Spectre' (2015). These include: The nanotechnology story-line, the use of the ''All the time in the World'' / "We have all the time in the world" phraseology and the fake eye and real eye face of the Primo/Cyclops (Dali Benssalah) character. Both the Madeleine Swann (Léa Seydoux) and Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Christoph Waltz) characters in the Daniel Craig cycle of Bond movies, who return in this movie, first appeared in 'Spectre' (2015). 5 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The seaplane aerial action stunt sequence involves an airborne seaplane zipping through a series of shipping terminal STS (ship to shore) cranes. This is a flying feat, according to the film's official publicity, which is the first time such type of aerial stunt has been performed. Shipping Company CMA CGM said more than one thousand containers were mobilized for to shoot this sequence in addition to a dozen crew who took part in the filming including a ship's master. 8 of 9 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options More of the song "We Have All the Time in the World" sung by Louis Armstrong was played in 'No Time to Die' (2021) as the end titles roll than in the Bond movie it was first written for, 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' ('OHMSS') (1969). In this earlier film, it was excerpted during a romance montage between James Bond and Tracey di Vicenzo. About 52 years separate the two pictures, though when 'No Time to Die' (2019) was shot, it was the 50th Anniversary of 'OHMSS'. 82-year old George Lazenby, who played James Bond just the once in 'OHMSS', commented on Twitter after seeing 'No Time to Die' (2021), and said: "Interesting choices of music I must say." 7 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's finale explosions were created to look like bunker-buster bombs launched in missiles fired from a Royal Navy warship. The process behind these big bangs has been explained by the movie's Special Effects Supervisor Chris Corbould. He has said: "We had to do three explosions in the one shot which represented three underground caverns all blowing up, each explosion approaching towards the camera. The first explosion was 230 metres from the camera, the second was 130 metres from camera, and the last was only 30 metres from camera. Each one of them had 40 kg of high explosive and probably 30-40 gallons of fuel. So while it was only three explosions, they were big, big explosions. I think it works really well. There was a second between each one of the explosions as the bunker-buster bombs targeted each of the caverns. There is a record for the most high explosive in one shot. We had 135.4 kg in ours, so I'm hoping that that goes through. It'd be nice to get a record on every Bond film!". 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Fourth James Bond film with a tragic ending with the death of a major character at the end. The model for this was the death of Bond's wife Tracy Bond (Diana Rigg) in 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969). Since then, three of the Daniel Craig Bond movies have used this model: (1) Vesper Lynd (Eva Green) in 'Casino Royale' (2006) ; (2) M (Judi Dench) in 'Skyfall' (2012) ; (3) James Bond (Daniel Craig) in 'No Time to Die' (2021). Craig is the first of these to be a male character. These tragedy-ending Daniel Craig James Bond movies have been his 1st, 3rd and 5th Bond movies - thereby there being one every other picture. 16 of 23 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In territories where Universal are distributing the film, the appearance of the O of the gun-barrel is initially formed out of the globe of the Universal Pictures logo, which appears second after the MGM logo. This was was the case with Sony/Columbia logo for the previous four films, the MGM logo played first, the Sony/Columbia logo played second. 10 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options A technical explanation of the movie's top secret 'Project Heracles' has been provided by Comic Book Resources (CBR). It reads: ''Code-named Heracles, the bio-weapon at the heart of Safin [Rami Malek]'s sinister plot in 'No Time to Die' was originally developed on M [Ralph Fiennes]'s orders as a way of eradicating collateral damage from MI6 assignments. Heracles is a swarm of nanobots, which can be programmed with target DNA, infecting and killing the chosen target on contact. Heracles can come into contact with anyone other than their designated target harmlessly but effectively turns them into a carrier, making their touch deadly to the target, or anyone sharing their DNA. The film shows the weapon's deadly effects spreading between family members on contact, but it's explained that it could be refined to target anyone from a specific individual to entire ethnicities.'' 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When Felix gets shot and after the explosion on his ship, he says "It reminds of when I was a kid on that shrimp boat." As a subtle reference to Forest Gump when Bubba gets shot in the stomach. 6 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The sinking trawler sequence was created by special effects supervisor Chris Corbould. A rig for the vessel was built and filmed in the exterior tank on the paddock lot of the Pinewood Studios backlot. This a large exterior tank used for live action and model units. Previously, Corbould created the sinking elevator for the sinking house in Daniel Craig's first Bond movie 'Casino Royale' (2006) which also shot in the same exterior tank stage. For 'No Time to Die' (2021), the ship rig in the tank was rotated at a ninety degrees angle so its engines and staircases were visible at oblique angles. He said: ''Once we established that was how it was going to sink, we then started to create a rig that was going to do that. We then injected huge amounts of compressed air into it to give the appearance of it sinking. And the actors did a great job swimming through it trying to get out. It was exhausting for them. It's a long sequence and it's very, very dramatic as well, with a strong story point in there." Of the underwater rig, stunt co-ordinator Lee Morrison added: "Chris is an absolute genius, and the things he's built for Bond over the years are mind-blowing, but this particular rig was a standout.". 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie features as a story element ''nanobots'' which publicity synopses for the picture describe as ''dangerous new technology''. Science Direct define nanobots as ''robots that carry out a very specific function and are ~50-100 nm wide. They can be used very effectively for drug delivery. Normally, drugs work through the entire body before they reach the disease-affected area. Using nanotechnology, the drug can be targeted to a precise location which would make the drug much more effective and reduce the chances of possible side effects.'' 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to Digital Spy, ''the working title for the movie was 'Shatterhand' which was a reference to Dr Guntram Shatterhand, who appears in Ian Fleming's 1964 Bond novel, 'You Only Live Twice'. Bond is sent to assassinate Shatterhand (who's really Blofeld) because he operates a 'Garden of Death' filled with poisonous plants, deadly snakes and more. Safin [Rami Malek]'s effort isn't as extravagant as that garden, but his interpretation is probably the closest Bond fans will get to seeing the 'Garden of Death' come to life after the movie version of 'You Only Live Twice' [1967] turned out to be very different to the book. His' 'poison garden' is probably why Safin has to wear gloves all the time and not because he's got prosthetic metal hands like Dr No, as the theories speculated.'' 6 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First James Bond movie since 'The World is Not Enough' (1999) about twenty years ago where there are two leading arch-villains and both of them get killed. In 'The World is Not Enough' (1999), they were Elektra King (Sophie Marceau) and Renard aka Victor Zokas (aka The Anarchist) (Robert Carlyle). In 'No Time to Die' (2021), they are Safin (Rami Malek) and Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Christoph Waltz), the latter being the arch-villain from the previous Bond movie 'Spectre' (2015). All these four villains are concluded by Bond. 3 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options James Bond (Daniel Craig) is killed for the first time in the official series in this Bond movie. In the 1970's French spy spoof 'From Hong Kong with Love' (Bons baisers de Hong-Kong) (1975), which had a title referencing 'From Russia with Love' (1963), during the opening gun-barrel walk sequence, James Bond is shot dead and killed. It is then that Her Majesty's Secret Service must replace him. James Bond also dies at the end of the 1960s Bond spoof 'Casino Royale' (1967), but like 'No Time to Die' (2021), at the end. 4 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie's biggest bangs were three explosions detonated at the same time and seen in the film at the end of the picture. They were specifically designed to imitate the kind of explosion that missiles from a Royal Navy warship would produce. These types of blasts are know as bunker-buster bombs. The explosions were detonated and filmed by the movie's second unit at Britain's Ministry of Defence's Military Training Area at Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire, England. In the movie, the big bangs are seen at the end exploding on Safin's lair with the explosion footage being digitally composited onto the plates shot at the Faroe Islands which portrayed Safin's Island. Near the explosion site resides Hankley Common which was used for filming Bond's home estate and lodge in 'Skyfall' (2012). That earlier Bond movie's director Sam Mendes later used Salisbury Plain for battle scenes in '1917' (2019). For 'No Time to Die' (2021), 135.4 kg of explosives were set off for the three-in-one shot explosions with the production hoping to get the blasts into the Guinness Book of World Records. In the previous Bond movie 'Spectre' (2015), also directed by Sam Mendes, the massive explosion seen in the latter part of the film at the meteorite crater base was awarded a Guinness World Record as the largest movie stunt explosion of all time. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The laboratory explosions in Russian scientist Valdo (David Dencik)'s laboratory are a series of blasts. To achieve this, the FX team linked butane canisters together and then set them off with controlled computerized detonators. Special Effects Supervisor Chris Corbould said: "[Director] Cary [Joji Fukunaga] was quite insistent that he wanted the space in between the explosions to be very short and to have a certain method to it. So we had to design the explosion very specifically." 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options James Bond dies at the end of this movie, but its not the first time that Daniel Craig's iteration of the character has died. In Casino Royale (2006), when James Bond was poisoned, at one point, the heart monitoring machine indicates that his heart has stopped beating. Technically, he dies before he is resuscitated. As such, this was the first instance in an official Bond movie that the character died. He then lived for a second time, as per the haiku and Ian Fleming novel and movie You Only Live Twice (1967). As such, Craig's James Bond character has actually died twice in the official series. In the opening sequence of From Russia with Love (1963), James Bond appeared to have been killed, but his face revealed another agent under a mask, and in You Only Live Twice (1967), his death was faked during the beginning of the movie. The cited haiku (poem) in Ian Fleming's "You Only Live Twice" novel reads: "You only live twice. Once when you are born. And once when you look death in the face." In the Bond spoof Casino Royale (1967), James Bond (actually several James Bonds, the real one, and six namesakes) ultimately dies, and goes to heaven. 4 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie curiously shares three major story elements with the earlier James Bond parody movie 'Casino Royale' (1967). First, James Bond is retired at the beginning as was David Niven's James Bond. Second, James Bond has a daughter, with their names being slightly similar, they being Mata and Mathilde respectively. Third, in both movies, James Bond dies at the end. 5 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is not actually the first James Bond movie for the James Bond character to die at the end because this is what happened in the unofficial James Bond spoof movie 'Casino Royale' (1967). The first James Bond movie of Daniel Craig, who plays James Bond and who dies in 'No Time to Die' (2021), was in fact the 'Casino Royale' (2006) straight remake. 6 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options A closing credits song is featured for the first time in the series since the late 1990s. A closing credits song was featured in all four Bond movies between 'The Living Daylights' (1987) and 'Tomorrow Never Dies' (1997), However, for the first time in the series, it is a former Bond song which is used as the closing credits song. This is ''All the Time in the World'' by Louis Armstrong from 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' ('OHMSS') (1969). 2 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Writer-director Cary Joji Fukunaga has compared Stephen King's ''IT'' with the pre-titles sequence of 'No Time to Die' (2021). The pre-credits sequence features Safin in a Noh mask running around chasing a young Madeleine Swann. This sequence has been likened to the similar notion of an evil clown running around chasing children as with Stephen King's ''IT'' which Fukunaga had previously been working on. He was developing the ''IT'' reboots at Warner Bros. when left the project over creative differences. He made the comparison by laughingly saying: ''Some clown chasing a child around the house. Yeah, it's like I brought back 'IT' in the first five minutes of Bond.'' IndieWire commented: ''While Fukunaga never got to realize his 'IT' movie, it seems he's brought a bit of that horror spirit to his Bond movie...'No Time to Die'.'' In the earlier James Bond movie 'Octopussy' (1983), Roger Moore as Agent 007 was at one point in the film dressed as a clown wearing full clown make-up. 2 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In mid October 2021, about three weeks after the world premiere of 'No Time to Die' (2021), it was reported in the media that Daniel Craig, who portrays the classic devoutly heterosexual character of James Bond, prefers to go to gay bars to avoid aggressive men in straight bars. In 'No Time to Die' (2021), it is suggested and/or revealed that the Q character is gay when Q (played by openly gay 'out' actor Ben Whishaw) mentions that his friend coming for dinner is male by saying ''he''. Previously, in October 2012, controversy broke out in the media and the web about 'Skyfall' (2012)'s homoerotic overtones from Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem) directed towards James Bond, who traditionally has been a devout heterosexual ladies' man. The furor suggested that Silva may be the first ever ''Male Bond Girl" and that the current Bond may actually be or have been bi-sexual. However, it was not the first time that a male Bond villain had been suggested to be gay, as the henchmen Mr. Wint and Mr. Kidd characters in Diamonds Are Forever (1971) were camp characters. 'Skyfall' (2012) was the second time in three Daniel Craig Bond movies that his 007 character had been tied to a chair and tormented by the main villain. In Casino Royale (2006), Bond had his testicles beaten by Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen) with a knotted rope. In 'Skyfall' (2012), Bond's chest is caressed by Raoul Silva, then both his legs are then groped with two hands by Silva. There was also an out-of-shot inference that Bond's testicles were fondled between shots, making the scene controversial in a similar way to the scene in Casino Royale (2006). 3 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Though James Bond dies at the end of this movie it is still possible for this to be retroactively refitted as per the case of 'The Mechanic' (2011) and 'Mechanic: Resurrection' (2016) movies. It is believed that Arthur Bishop (Jason Statham) is killed at the end of the first film but it is revealed via an editing trick that Bishop escaped the exploding vehicle just seconds before the blast. This survival ruse could also be applied to Bond who could also receive an anti-dote to the nanobots. In 'Skyfall' (2012), James Bond (Daniel Craig) at one point says he has been "enjoying death" adding that "everybody needs a hobby" with his being "resurrection". A ''Bond Lives'' scenario is potentially possible given what happens in the 'Mechanic' and its sequel. The 'Mechanic' sequel has a ''resurrection'' subtitle and completely Bondian nature utilizing many tropes from the series: 'Moonraker' Rio and 'The Man with the Golden Gun' Phuket locations; casting of former 'Tomorrow Never Dies' Bond Girl Michelle Yeoh; cable-car action sequence; Bond like villain's lair; stunt-work by Bond stunt supremo Vic Armstrong, submarine pen and aquatic escape pod. 5 of 29 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options There is another name that Rami Malek's Safin character has at least been officially referred to during the production process. And that is the character name of . . . . . ''Segura''. In Matt Purslow's early interview with production designer Mark Tildesley published by IGN, he said: ''Our baddie, who is the person that comes to do damage at Madeleine's house in the sequence in Norway, is called Segura and he is played by Rami Malek." When the main cast and character name list was first revealed in 2019, the name of Rami Malek's villain was not publicised. Later, in one interview with Malek during the course of pre-publicity in early 2020, he stated: ''What's my final character name?'', all this suggesting that there was a protracted process deciding what his character name would be. Pre-release speculation that Malek was playing a new version of Dr. No was, two weeks before release, debunked by director Cary Joli Fukanaga. 1 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The name for the code-name of M (Ralph Fiennes)'s top secret program was ''Project Heracles''. 2 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The ''Mathilde'' first name of the daughter of James Bond and Madeleine Swann and the first name of the actress who plays her maternal grand-mother are the same. The name of the daughter character is Mathilde Bond Lisa-Dorah Sonnet whilst the name of the actress who plays the mother of the young Madeleine (Coline Defaud) in the pre-titles sequence is Mathilde Bourbin. 4 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The movie features a number references to ''arms''. James Bond creator Ian Fleming actually utilized parts of arms for the character names of Auric Goldfinger and Dr. Guntram Shatterhand. James Bond (Daniel Craig) on a cell phone says of Nomi (Lashana Lynch): ''Your new Double-O. She's a disarming young woman.'' Bond late in the film breaks Safin (Rami Malek)'s arm. Moreover, the actress who plays Agent Paloma is named Ana de Armas whilst an old Bond song by Louis Armstrong is featured in the film. Previously, when Bond resigns in 'Licence to Kill' (1989), he says to M, ''I guess it's, uh... a farewell to arms.'' In the earlier Bond movie 'Live and Let Die' (1973), Tee Hee (Julius Harris) had an artificial metal arm. It had been rumoured for some time that Malek's character in 'No Time to Die' (2021) might be Dr. No - a character who in the 1962 movie of the same name had metal hands as part of his arms. 2 of 29 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » No Time to Die Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Filmes 2021 a list of 31 titles created 10 months ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago Movies i have seen 2021 a list of 30 titles created 10 months ago 2021 best movies a list of 37 titles created 6 months ago 2020/2021 a list of 35 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.