Nomadland (2020) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9770150/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=b8105c34-5e41-46e9-97ee-1eada9047b25&pf_rd_r=MG4DGBKDEEBADMKCPJJK&pf_rd_s=center-10&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=awards-central&ref_=fea_acd_ac_cca_21_lk1
Nomadland (2020) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Nomadland 20202020 RR 1h 47m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 133K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 154 39 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:07 22 Videos 99+ Photos Drama A woman in her sixties, after losing everything in the Great Recession, embarks on a journey through the American West, living as a van-dwelling modern-day nomad.A woman in her sixties, after losing everything in the Great Recession, embarks on a journey through the American West, living as a van-dwelling modern-day nomad.A woman in her sixties, after losing everything in the Great Recession, embarks on a journey through the American West, living as a van-dwelling modern-day nomad. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 133K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 154 39 Director Chloé Zhao Writers Chloé Zhao(written for the screen by) Jessica Bruder(based on the book by) Stars Frances McDormand David Strathairn Linda May Top credits Director Chloé Zhao Writers Chloé Zhao(written for the screen by) Jessica Bruder(based on the book by) Stars Frances McDormand David Strathairn Linda May See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 378Critic reviews 93Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 3 Oscars 236 wins & 143 nominations total Videos22 Trailer 1:07 Words and Pictures Trailer 0:40 Words and Pictures Trailer 1:18 Trailer #2 Trailer 1:31 International Trailer Trailer 2:06 Official Trailer Trailer 0:59 Teaser Trailer Trailer 1:18 Nomadland Trailer 2:06 Nomadland Trailer 1:06 Nomadland Clip 1:29 A Guide to the Films of Chloé Zhao Clip 4:28 How Chloe Zhao's 'Eternals' Will Change Marvel Forever Clip 2:54 Best Moments From the 2021 Oscars Telecast Photos509 Top cast Edit Frances McDormand Fernas Fern David Strathairn Daveas Dave Linda May Lindaas Linda Gay DeForest Gayas Gay Patricia Grier Pattyas Patty Angela Reyes Angelaas Angela Carl R. Hughes Carlas Carl Douglas G. Soul Dougas Doug Ryan Aquino Ryanas Ryan Teresa Buchanan Teresaas Teresa Karie Lynn McDermott Wilder Karieas Karie Brandy Wilber Brandyas Brandy Makenzie Etcheverry Makenzieas Makenzie Bob Wells Bobas Bob Annette Webb Annetteas Annette Rachel Bannon Rachelas Rachel Charlene Swankie Swankieas Swankie (as Swankie) Bryce Bedsworth Bryceas Bryce Director Chloé Zhao Writers Chloé Zhao(written for the screen by) Jessica Bruder(based on the book by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 Minari 7.8 Sound of Metal 8.3 The Father 7.5 Promising Young Woman 7.5 Judas and the Black Messiah 7.8 Druk 7.8 The Trial of the Chicago 7 6.9 Mank 7.5 The Rider 6.9 Ma Rainey's Black Bottom 7.1 Songs My Brothers Taught Me 7.4 Moonlight Storyline Edit Following the economic collapse of a company town in rural Nevada, Fern (Frances McDormand) packs her van and sets off on the road exploring a life outside of conventional society as a modern-day nomad. The third feature film from director Chloé Zhao, NOMADLAND features real nomads Linda May, Swankie and Bob Wells as Fern's mentors and comrades in her exploration through the vast landscape of the American West. —Searchlight Pictures living in a vanvannomadeconomic recessionloneliness225 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Surviving America in the Twenty-First Century. Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some full nudity. Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia With the exception of Frances McDormand and David Strathairn, most of the cast members playing nomads in the film are actual nomads and local people, listing their real first names for their characters. Goofs Swankie says she has the book "Final Exit", by Jack Kevorkian. Although it may have been a deliberate error and could be incorrectly regarded as a goof, the book was written by Derek Humphry. He makes some references to Kevorkian and even has a chapter on him, but Kevorkian did not write or help write the book. Quotes Bob: One of the things I love most about this life is that there's no final goodbye. You know, I've met hundreds of people out here and I don't ever say a final goodbye. I always just say, "I'll see you down the road." And I do. And whether it's a month, or a year, or sometimes years, I see them again. Connections Featured in Chris Stuckmann Quick Movie Reviews: TIFF 2020: Pieces of a Woman, One Night in Miami, Nomadland (2020) Soundtracks What Child Is This? Written by William Chatterton Dix User reviews1K Review Top review 7/10 I rather enjoyed it My thoughts on this film: I can see how this movie is not for everyone, but I enjoyed it. I think, if you have even a remote interest in a nomad lifestyle, life on the road, extended road trips in campervans, then you would like this movie. It certainly shines a spotlight on a very small and unexplored part of society. There are actually people out there, in this day and age, who live in vans and travel around, working in different places. Who knew? And how exiting! And how lonely and intriguing. Why would someone do this? I get it, I'm adventurous, but how desolate and maybe even a little depressing. That lifestyle is certainly not for the faint of heart. You have to wonder about the mental health of some of these people, but that's in all walks of life, I suppose. And I think, in a way, that a lot of nomads are scarred in some way, and that's why they keep moving, keep trying to find themselves or something. And then there's the protagonist. Who is she and why doesn't she let people get too close to her? My only really complaint about her character is that they could have given her a little more personality. Ah, the cinematography. Simply stunning. The ending was less than satisfying. Overall, I think it was a lovely movie. I certainly thought about it for a long time afterwards. I don't feel it was best picture award-worthy, but I'm not an Academy member, so I've no say in the matter. A very solid 7 out of 10 IMDB stars from me. helpful•29 9 schuwomann May 8, 2021 FAQ1 Will this film be released for streaming or VOD any time soon? Details Edit Release date February 19, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Disney+ Hotstar (India) Official Facebook Language English Also known as 无依之地 Filming locations Badlands National Park, South Dakota, USA Production companies Cor Cordium Productions Hear/Say Productions Highwayman Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $3,700,000 Opening weekend US & Canada $503,000 Feb 21, 2021 Gross worldwide $39,392,289 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 47 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital IMAX 6-Track DTS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Oscars 2022: Best Director predictions and the state of the race Nov 15Gold Derby Frances McDormand Could Be the First Person Nominated for Best Picture and Acting Oscars Consecutively Nov 15Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.