North by Northwest (1959) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053125/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_98
North by Northwest (1959) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In North by Northwest 19591959 ApprovedApproved 2h 16m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 314K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,941 290 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:25 3 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureMysteryThriller A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies, and falls for a woman whose loyalties he begins to doubt.A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies, and falls for a woman whose loyalties he begins to doubt.A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies, and falls for a woman whose loyalties he begins to doubt. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 314K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,941 290 Director Alfred Hitchcock Writer Ernest Lehman Stars Cary Grant Eva Marie Saint James Mason Top credits Director Alfred Hitchcock Writer Ernest Lehman Stars Cary Grant Eva Marie Saint James Mason See production, box office & company info 674User reviews 185Critic reviews 98Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #98 Nominated for 3 Oscars 8 wins & 10 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 3:25 North by Northwest Clip 1:19 'North by Northwest' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 2:27 A Guide to the Films of Alfred Hitchcock Photos201 Top cast Edit Cary Grant Roger Thornhillas Roger Thornhill Eva Marie Saint Eve Kendallas Eve Kendall James Mason Phillip Vandammas Phillip Vandamm Jessie Royce Landis Clara Thornhillas Clara Thornhill Leo G. Carroll The Professoras The Professor Josephine Hutchinson Mrs. Townsendas Mrs. Townsend Philip Ober Lester Townsendas Lester Townsend Martin Landau Leonardas Leonard Adam Williams Valerianas Valerian Edward Platt Victor Larrabeeas Victor Larrabee Robert Ellenstein Lichtas Licht Les Tremayne Auctioneeras Auctioneer Philip Coolidge Dr. Crossas Dr. Cross Patrick McVey Sergeant Flammas Sergeant Flamm Edward Binns Captain Junketas Captain Junket Ken Lynch Charleyas Charley Stanley Adams Lieutenant Hardingas Lieutenant Harding (uncredited) John Alban Auction Guestas Auction Guest (uncredited) Director Alfred Hitchcock Writer Ernest Lehman All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Vertigo 8.5 Rear Window 8.2 Dial M for Murder 8.0 Rope 8.5 Psycho 8.0 Strangers on a Train 7.7 The Birds 8.5 Casablanca 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 7.4 The Man Who Knew Too Much 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Storyline Edit Madison Avenue advertising man Roger Thornhill finds himself thrust into the world of spies when he is mistaken for a man by the name of George Kaplan. Foreign spy Philip Vandamm and his henchman Leonard try to eliminate him but when Thornhill tries to make sense of the case, he is framed for murder. Now on the run from the police, he manages to board the 20th Century Limited bound for Chicago where he meets a beautiful blond, Eve Kendall, who helps him to evade the authorities. His world is turned upside down yet again when he learns that Eve isn't the innocent bystander he thought she was. Not all is as it seems however, leading to a dramatic rescue and escape at the top of Mt. Rushmore. —garykmcd fugitiveon the runmistaken identitymount rushmoreunlikely hero303 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Alfred Hitchcock takes you.... North by Northwest! Genres Adventure Mystery Thriller Certificate Approved Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia While filming Vertigo (1958), Sir Alfred Hitchcock described some of the plot of this project to frequent Hitchcock leading man and "Vertigo" star James Stewart, who naturally assumed that Hitchcock meant to cast him in the Roger Thornhill role, and was eager to play it. Actually, Hitchcock wanted Cary Grant to play the role. By the time Hitchcock realized the misunderstanding, Stewart was so anxious to play Thornhill that rejecting him would have caused a great deal of disappointment. So Hitchcock delayed production on this movie until Stewart was already safely committed to filming Otto Preminger's "Anatomy of a Murder (1959)" before "officially" offering him the role in this movie. Stewart had no choice but to turn down the offer, allowing Hitchcock to cast Grant, the actor he had wanted all along. Goofs During the scene in the diner at Mount Rushmore, a young extra boy in the background anticipates the surprise gun shot, fired by Eve. The diners are supposed to be unaware this is going to happen but the young extra boy covers his ears way before she draws the gun. The young extra boy must have known there would be a loud bang from the blank-filled pistol from previous takes and therefore covered his ears on the "printed" take. Quotes [Thornhill is wearing sunglasses to hide his identity] Ticket Seller: Something wrong with your eyes? Roger Thornhill: Yes, they're sensitive to questions. Crazy credits The Leo the Lion/MGM trademark preceding the credits is on a green field, to match the green field used in the credits proper. Alternate versions The print originally had an acknowledgement for the cooperation of the Department of the Interior and the National Park Service. But they requested it be removed after MGM violated the agreement that no violence would take place near the Mt. Rushmore monument. Some prints, however, were released with the acknowledgement still in. Connections Edited into Histoire(s) du cinéma: Le contrôle de l'univers (1999) Soundtracks It's a Most Unusual Day (1948) (uncredited) Music by Jimmy McHugh Lyrics by Harold Adamson Played as background music at the Plaza Hotel User reviews674 Review Top review A perfect film for a rainy, cold October day I saw this film for the first time when I was a freshman in college as part of an english class I took entitled "writing and the movies". Little did I realize that I would be seeing a film that would stay with me to this day and in essence become one of my all time favorites. Then, a few years ago, I caught it on the big screen at the Fine Arts theater in downtown Chicago. I remember that it was a rainy, cold October day. Perfect weather for a Hitchcock film I thought to myself. For me, half of the fun of North by Northwest is its incredible story. This film has something for everyone within it: a little comedy, a little romance, great snappy dialogue and more action than any Bruce Willis Die Hard film combined. Hitchcock was a master at this and in North by Northwest he lets his genius shine through totally. It seems to me that whenever I watch it, everyone who made this film from Cary Grant on down had nothing but sheer fun making it. Perhaps my two favorite scenes are the infamous "crop-duster" sequence and the last twenty minutes or so at Mount Rushmore. I must give special mention to Ernest Lehman who yet again managed to write a screenplay that totally knocks your socks off. How he came up with the idea, I've not a clue, but what an idea it is. The screenplay itself was nominated for an Academy Award that year, but lost to Pillow Talk. North by Northwest was also nominated for Best Set Decoration and Best Film Editing, but lost to Ben-Hur in both categories. All in all, what a film. If you haven't seein it, do so ASAP. North by Northwest just reinforces my belief that Alfred Hitchcock was one of the greatest directors of all time. Period. My rating: 4 stars helpful•193 52 JSanicki Mar 3, 2003 FAQ14 What is 'North by Northwest' about? Is 'North by Northwest' based on a book? What is the title "North by Northwest" supposed to mean? Details Edit Release date December 18, 1959 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English French Also known as 西北偏北 Filming locations Garces Highway 1/10th mile East from Corcoran Road and Kern National Wildlife Preserve, Kern County, California, USA Production company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,101,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $75,591 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 16 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby SR Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Reza Sixo Safai Nov 9Trailers from Hell A Classic Movie Lover’s Guide to Favorite Old Hollywood Films and Gifts Nov 2Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for North by Northwest (1959)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.