Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (1988) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095765/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_51
Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (1988) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Nuovo Cinema Paradiso 19881988 PGPG 2h 35m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 247K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,920 234 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:02 2 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance A filmmaker recalls his childhood when falling in love with the pictures at the cinema of his home village and forms a deep friendship with the cinema's projectionist.A filmmaker recalls his childhood when falling in love with the pictures at the cinema of his home village and forms a deep friendship with the cinema's projectionist.A filmmaker recalls his childhood when falling in love with the pictures at the cinema of his home village and forms a deep friendship with the cinema's projectionist. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 247K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,920 234 Director Giuseppe Tornatore Writers Giuseppe Tornatore(story) Vanna Paoli(collaborating writer) Richard Epcar(english version) Stars Philippe Noiret Enzo Cannavale Antonella Attili Top credits Director Giuseppe Tornatore Writers Giuseppe Tornatore(story) Vanna Paoli(collaborating writer) Richard Epcar(english version) Stars Philippe Noiret Enzo Cannavale Antonella Attili See production, box office & company info 574User reviews 137Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #51 Won 1 Oscar 25 wins & 32 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:02 Cinema Paradiso Trailer 1:10 Cinema Paradiso Photos230 Top cast Edit Philippe Noiret Alfredoas Alfredo Enzo Cannavale Spaccaficoas Spaccafico Antonella Attili Maria Di Vita - Youngeras Maria Di Vita - Younger Isa Danieli Annaas Anna Leo Gullotta Usheras Usher Marco Leonardi Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Teenageras Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Teenager Pupella Maggio Maria Di Vita - Olderas Maria Di Vita - Older Agnese Nano Elena Mendolaas Elena Mendola Leopoldo Trieste Father Adelfioas Father Adelfio Salvatore Cascio Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Childas Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child Tano Cimarosa Blacksmithas Blacksmith Nicola Di Pinto Village Idiotas Village Idiot Roberta Lena Liaas Lia Nino Terzo Peppino's Fatheras Peppino's Father Jacques Perrin Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Adultas Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Adult Nellina Laganà Turi Giuffrida Mariella Lo Giudice Director Giuseppe Tornatore Writers Giuseppe Tornatore(story) (screenplay) Vanna Paoli(collaborating writer) Richard Epcar(english version) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 La vita è bella 8.4 Das Leben der Anderen 8.5 Rear Window 8.5 Casablanca 8.5 C'era una volta il West 8.5 City Lights 8.6 Cidade de Deus 8.4 The Great Dictator 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.5 Intouchables 8.6 Shichinin no samurai 8.6 Seppuku Storyline Edit A boy who grew up in a native Sicilian Village returns home as a famous director after receiving news about the death of an old friend. Told in a flashback, Salvatore reminiscences about his childhood and his relationship with Alfredo, a projectionist at Cinema Paradiso. Under the fatherly influence of Alfredo, Salvatore fell in love with film making, with the duo spending many hours discussing about films and Alfredo painstakingly teaching Salvatore the skills that became a stepping stone for the young boy into the world of film making. The film brings the audience through the changes in cinema and the dying trade of traditional film making, editing and screening. It also explores a young boy's dream of leaving his little town to foray into the world outside. —Clarisse P. film projectionistcinemaflashbackfuneralmovie director176 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A celebration of youth, friendship, and the everlasting magic of the movies. Genres Drama Romance Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia By the end of 1956, Italy had 17,000 movie theaters, the most in Europe. Goofs Toto as a child is shown to be left-handed during the school examination sequence, but as a young man he is right-handed as he marks off the days on the calendar. In addition, when in the army, he fires the rifle right-handed. Quotes Alfredo: Living here day by day, you think it's the center of the world. You believe nothing will ever change. Then you leave: a year, two years. When you come back, everything's changed. The thread's broken. What you came to find isn't there. What was yours is gone. You have to go away for a long time... many years... before you can come back and find your people. The land where you were born. But now, no. It's not possible. Right now you're blinder than I am. Salvatore: Who said that? Gary Cooper? James Stewart? Henry Fonda? Eh? Alfredo: No, Toto. Nobody said it. This time it's all me. Life isn't like in the movies. Life... is much harder. Alternate versions Originally presented at the EuropaCinema Festival in a 173-minute edition. It was there released in Italy at 155 minutes; after a very poor box office performance, the film was pulled out of circulation and shortened to 124 minutes. After it won the Special Jury Prize at the 1989 Cannes festival and the Best Foreign Film Oscar, it was re-released in Italy on video first in its initial 155 minutes cut and then in the original 173-minutes director's cut. Connections Edited into Lo schermo a tre punte (1995) Soundtracks Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (Titoli) Written by Ennio Morricone User reviews574 Review Top review 10/10 Every Filmmaker's Favorite Film Giuseppe Tornatore's Nuovo cinema Paradiso (Cinema Paradiso) is everything good about the movies. It is a story about love. The love between a Father and Son, an Individual and his home, and the love for the movies. Even if this is not your favorite film, if you are a filmmaker, you have no choice but to say this is your all time favorite film (if not one of the greatest films ever made). If only for the movie's ending, this is a great film. The ending answers all of your questions and completes the story. The missing love from a Man's life. The missing pieces to all the stories (movies) found and made into a whole. The final message from beyond the grave, the ending is perfect. If the musical score doesn't put you in tears, the amazing visuals will push you over the edge. This is what all movies should be about. Terrific. helpful•160 38 caspian1978 Feb 12, 2005 FAQ4 How was this film eligible to be nominated at the 62nd Academy Awards, held in March 1990, when it had apparently only opened in the USA that February? Is 'Cinema Paradiso' based on a book? What is it that Toto's mother should never tell Toto? Details Edit Release date November 17, 1988 (Italy) Countries of origin Italy France Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language Italian Also known as 天堂电影院 Filming locations Cefalù, Palermo, Sicily, Italy Production companies Cristaldifilm Les Films Ariane Rai 3 See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $5,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $12,397,210 Opening weekend US & Canada $16,552 Feb 4, 1990 Gross worldwide $13,019,063 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 35 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Mono Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Reza Sixo Safai Nov 9Trailers from Hell Berenice Bejo to Star in Lone Scherfig’s ‘The Movie Teller,’ Embankment Launches Sales (Exclusive) Nov 1Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (1988) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.