Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (1988) - Quotes - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095765/quotes/?ref_=tt_trv_qu
Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (1988) - Quotes - IMDb Quotes from "Nuovo Cinema Paradiso" Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (1988) Quotes Showing all 32 items Alfredo: Living here day by day, you think it's the center of the world. You believe nothing will ever change. Then you leave: a year, two years. When you come back, everything's changed. The thread's broken. What you came to find isn't there. What was yours is gone. You have to go away for a long time... many years... before you can come back and find your people. The land where you were born. But now, no. It's not possible. Right now you're blinder than I am. Salvatore: Who said that? Gary Cooper? James Stewart? Henry Fonda? Eh? Alfredo: No, Toto. Nobody said it. This time it's all me. Life isn't like in the movies. Life... is much harder. 181 of 181 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: Get out of here! Go back to Rome. You're young and the world is yours. I'm old. I don't want to hear you talk anymore. I want to hear others talking about you. Don't come back. Don't think about us. Don't look back. Don't write. Don't give in to nostalgia. Forget us all. If you do and you come back, don't come see me. I won't let you in my house. Understand? Salvatore: Thank you. For everything you've done for me. Alfredo: Whatever you end up doing, love it. The way you loved the projection booth when you were a little squirt. 105 of 106 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: Once upon a time, a king gave a feast. And there came the most beautiful princesses of the realm. Now, a soldier, who was standing guard, saw the king's daughter go by. She was the most beautiful one, and he immediately fell in love with her. But what could a poor soldier do when it came to the daughter of the king? Well, finally, one day, he managed to meet her, and he told her that he could no longer live without her. The princess was so impressed by his strong feelings that she said to the soldier: "If you can wait 100 days and 100 nights under my balcony, then at the end of it, I shall be yours." Damn! The soldier immediately went there and waited one day. And two days. And ten. And then twenty. And every evening, the princess looked out of her window, but he never moved. During rain, during wind, during snow, he was always there. The bird shat on his head, and the bees stung him, but he didn't budge. After ninety nights, he had become all dried up, all white, and the tears streamed from his eyes. He couldn't hold them back. He no longer had the strength to sleep. All that time, the princess watched him. And on the 99th night, the soldier stood up, took his chair, and went away. Salvatore: [later in the film, Toto gives Alfredo his interpretation] ... In one more night, the princess would have been his. But she also could not possibly have kept her promise. And it would have been terrible. He would have died. This way, however, at least for 99 days, he was living under the illusion that she was there, waiting for him. 72 of 73 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: [after informed about the arrival of the new non-combustible film] Progress always comes late. 29 of 29 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options [to Elena] Alfredo: Out of the fire of love come ashes. Even the greatest love eventually fizzles out. 27 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: I choose my friends for their looks, my enemies for their intelligence 20 of 21 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Elena, perhaps in the future we could... Elena Mendola - Adult, Director's cut only: No, Salvaotre, there is no future. There is only the past. Even last night's encounter was just a dream. A wonderful dream. When we were young, we never did it. Do you remember? Now that it has happened, I can't imagine a better ending. Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: I'll never agree with you. Never. 10 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: Any room for me in this new paradise? 6 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: And the next time be careful how you talk. Not to take credit away from the Lord, but if I had created the world, in all modesty, certain things would have come out better. But unfortunately such was not the case. 5 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: What's she like? Salvatore: She's very nice. My age, slim, long brown hair. Big blue eyes, honest and direct. A little beauty mark on her lip. Very small. You only see it up close. When she smiles, you feel like - I don't know. Alfredo: Love. Love. I know how it is. The blue-eyed ones are the worst. No matter what you do, they'll never be your friends. There's nothing you can do. 5 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore: They tell me you never go out and you never talk to anybody. Why? Alfredo: You know how it is. Sooner or later a time comes when it's all the same whether you talk or not. So you might as well shut up. 5 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: After all these years, I thought I was stronger, that I'd forgotten a lot of things. But, in fact, I find I'm right back where I was, as if I'd never been away. 5 of 5 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Salvatore, forgive me. I'll explain later what happened. Not finding you here was terrible. Unfortunately, this evening, my mother and I are leaving for Tuscany. We're moving there. But you' re the only one I love, I'll never be with anybody else, I promise. Here's the address of a girlfriend of mine where you can write to me. Don't abandon me. Love and kisses, Elena. 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: "A mob doesn't think. They don't know what they're doing." Spencer Tracy said that in "Fury." 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: Well, what do you say? Shall we let the poor devils see their film? 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: The bigger the man, the deeper the footprint. And if he loves, he suffers, knowing it's a dead-end street. Salvatore: That's nice, what you just said. But sad. Alfredo: I didn't say it. It was John Wayne in "The Shepard of the Hills." Salvatore: [laughs] You old pirate! 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: With all due respect to the Lord, who made the world in two or three days - I'd have taken a bit longer; but, in all modesty, I would've done it better. 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore: When will this rotten summer end? In a film, it'd already be over. Fade-out, cut to a storm. Wouldn't that be great? [lightening strike] 4 of 4 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: Don't you like anything about it? Alfredo: Oh, you get used to it. Sometimes you can hear that the house if full of people laughing and having fun. Then you're happy too. It makes you feel good to hear them.Like you're the one who made them laugh - who made them forget their troubles. That part I like. 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Mama, I deserted you. Ran out on you like a bandit, without any explanation. Maria Di Vita - Older: I never asked for any. You don't have to explain anything to me. I always thought you did what was right. Why dwell on it? You were right to leave. You did what you wanted to do. Every time I call you, a different woman answers. But I never heard in any of their voices that they really loved you. I would've known. All the same, I'd have liked to see you settled down in love with someone. But your life is there. Here there are only ghosts. 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: When did you close it down? Spaccafico: Six years ago in May. Nobody came anymore. You know better than I, Mr. Di Vita - the economy, TV, videos. The old movie business is just a memory. 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options [first lines] Maria Di Vita - Older: [in Italian] [on the phone] Maria Di Vita - Older: Yes, Salvatore di Vita. You mean you don't know him, Miss? That's right, and I'm his mother. I've been calling from Sicily, all day long. I understand, he's not there. 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Man In Cinema: I'll make mince meat out of you! 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: This is no job for you. You're like a slave - and always by yourself. You see a film 100 times. You've nothing else to do. You talk to Greta Garbo and Tyrone Power like an idiot. You work like a dog. Even holidays - Easter, Christmas. You only get Good Friday off. And if they hadn't stuck Christ on a cross we'd even work then. Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: So why don't you change jobs? Alfredo: Because I'm a nitwit. Who else around here could run a projector? Nobody. It takes an imbecile like me. I never had any luck. 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options [repeated line] Village Idiot: It's my square. The square is mine. 2 of 2 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options [last lines] Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Yes, of course. We'll talk later. 2 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: That's probably how it was meant to be. Each of us has his own destiny. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spaccafico: This film is too highbrow for us. One day is more than enough. Load the reels for tomorrow. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spaccafico: Hey, cheer up! I'll wait for you. Don't worry. The job'll still be here. I'll wait, you hear? Don't look so gloomy. Come on, now! 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spaccafico: The city bought the site for a parking lot. They're demolishing it Saturday. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Alfredo: Life is not what you see in films. Life is much harder. 1 of 1 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Salvatore: At a party, a lieutenant pinches this girl's ass. She turns around. It's the colonel's daughter. Terrified, the lieutenant says, "If your heart is as hard as what I just felt, I'm a dead man." Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Trivia | Goofs | Crazy Credits | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Nuovo Cinema Paradiso Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Favorite Films I've Watched a list of 47 titles created 2 months ago Visti a list of 33 titles created 5 months ago diary november 2021 a list of 35 titles created 2 weeks ago HDD-European a list of 21 titles created 3 days ago 2021 General a list of 31 titles created 8 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.