On the Waterfront (1954) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047296/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_182
On the Waterfront (1954) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In On the Waterfront 19541954 ApprovedApproved 1h 48m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 149K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,651 179 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:36 1 Video 99+ Photos CrimeDramaThriller An ex-prize fighter turned New Jersey longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses, including his older brother, as he starts to connect with the grieving sister of one of ... Read allAn ex-prize fighter turned New Jersey longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses, including his older brother, as he starts to connect with the grieving sister of one of the syndicate's victims.An ex-prize fighter turned New Jersey longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses, including his older brother, as he starts to connect with the grieving sister of one of the syndicate's victims. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 149K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,651 179 Director Elia Kazan Writers Budd Schulberg(screenplay) Malcolm Johnson(suggested by articles by) Robert Siodmak(uncredited) Stars Marlon Brando Karl Malden Lee J. Cobb Top credits Director Elia Kazan Writers Budd Schulberg(screenplay) Malcolm Johnson(suggested by articles by) Robert Siodmak(uncredited) Stars Marlon Brando Karl Malden Lee J. Cobb See production, box office & company info 367User reviews 172Critic reviews 91Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #182 Won 8 Oscars 30 wins & 9 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 1:36 On the Waterfront: The Criterion Collection Photos157 Top cast Edit Marlon Brando Terry Malloyas Terry Malloy Karl Malden Father Barryas Father Barry Lee J. Cobb Johnny Friendlyas Johnny Friendly Rod Steiger Charley Malloyas Charley Malloy Pat Henning Kayo Duganas Kayo Dugan Leif Erickson Gloveras Glover James Westerfield Big Macas Big Mac Tony Galento Truckas Truck Tami Mauriello Tillioas Tillio John F. Hamilton 'Pop' Doyleas 'Pop' Doyle (as John Hamilton) John Heldabrand Mottas Mott Rudy Bond Mooseas Moose Don Blackman Lukeas Luke Arthur Keegan Jimmyas Jimmy Abe Simon Barneyas Barney Eva Marie Saint Edie Doyleas Edie Doyle Martin Balsam Gilletteas Gillette (uncredited) Dan Bergin Sidneyas Sidney (uncredited) Director Elia Kazan Writers Budd Schulberg(screenplay) (based upon an original story by) Malcolm Johnson(suggested by articles by) Robert Siodmak(uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 A Streetcar Named Desire 8.1 The Third Man 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai 8.2 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre 8.3 Double Indemnity 8.3 The Apartment 8.1 It Happened One Night 8.2 Some Like It Hot 8.1 Gone with the Wind 8.1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington 8.1 Ben-Hur 8.4 Sunset Blvd. Storyline Edit Terry Malloy dreams about being a prize fighter, while tending his pigeons and running errands at the docks for Johnny Friendly, the corrupt boss of the dockers union. Terry witnesses a murder by two of Johnny's thugs, and later meets the dead man's sister and feels responsible for his death. She introduces him to Father Barry, who tries to force him to provide information for the courts that will smash the dock racketeers. —Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> murderlongshoremanwaterfrontex boxerdockworker175 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Man Lived by the Jungle Law of the Docks! Genres Crime Drama Thriller Certificate Approved Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia As part of his contract, Marlon Brando only worked until 4:00 every day and then would leave to go see his analyst. Brando's mother had recently died and the conflicted young actor was in therapy to resolve his issues with his parents. Interestingly, for the film's classic scene between Rod Steiger and Brando in the back of the cab, all of Steiger's close-ups were filmed after Brando had left for the day, so Brando's lines were read by one of the crew members. For many years Steiger, who had actually stayed during Brando's close-ups to help him put in a better performance, remained very bitter that Brando didn't return the favor, and often mentioned it in interviews. Goofs When Father Barry (Karl Malden) gets hit in the head with a beer can, he gets a cut on his forehead, which bleeds visibly in the scene. In subsequent scenes, there is no sign of the cut or of a bandage to show that he had been hurt. Quotes Charlie: Look, kid, I - how much you weigh, son? When you weighed one hundred and sixty-eight pounds you were beautiful. You coulda been another Billy Conn, and that skunk we got you for a manager, he brought you along too fast. Terry: It wasn't him, Charley, it was you. Remember that night in the Garden you came down to my dressing room and you said, "Kid, this ain't your night. We're going for the price on Wilson." You remember that? "This ain't your night"! My night! I coulda taken Wilson apart! So what happens? He gets the title shot outdoors on the ballpark and what do I get? A one-way ticket to Palooka-ville! You was my brother, Charley, you shoulda looked out for me a little bit. You shoulda taken care of me just a little bit so I wouldn't have to take them dives for the short-end money. Charlie: Oh I had some bets down for you. You saw some money. Terry: You don't understand. I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I coulda been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am, let's face it. It was you, Charley. Crazy credits Opening credits are shown over a bamboo-type mat background. Alternate versions Criterion Collection Blu-ray Disc release exhibits the film in 1.66:1, which is widely regarded to be the "correct" aspect ratio for the film. However, a second disc includes the film in 1.33:1 AND 1.85:1, so that viewers can watch the film in the different ratios. Connections Edited into Un Américain nommé Kazan (2018) Soundtracks Here Comes the Bride (uncredited) Written by Richard Wagner User reviews367 Review Top review 8/10 Powerful portrait of N.Y. docks , being stunningly performed and excellently directed by Elia Kazan This compelling and dynamic drama is set on New York's dock where mobsters control the Union and stevedores . An ex-prize fighter named Terry Malloy (Marlon Brando who deservedly won an Academy Award) turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses (Lee J Cobb) and is embroiled in violence . Malloy faces the dilemma of whether or not to turn informer . While his brother (it was originally offered to Lawrence Tierney , but he asked for too much money so the role went to Rod Steiger who was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance) is a crooked lawyer and he meets a beautiful ex-nun (Eva Maria Saint , Grace Kelly turned down the role of Edie Doyle, deciding to make Rear Window instead) and falls in love for her . This interesting and thought-provoking film contains intense drama with pungent lines , emotion , wonderful performances , memorable final , magnificent direction and classic musical score by the maestro Leonard Berstein . Marvelous acting by entire casting . The taxicab scene , one of the most famous scenes in the cinema, in which Brando began to improvise some dialogue, surprising Rod Steiger ; after a while, Elia Kazan told Brando to "knock it off". The problem Brando had with the scene, as he explained to screenwriter Budd Schulberg and Kazan, was that he felt he would have difficulty trying to talk reasonably with his brother with a gun at his ribs , at this, Kazan agreed and told Brando to improvise ,Kazan maintained that he did not direct Brando nor Steiger in this scene, he simply stood back and let the two actors direct themselves. The idea for the film began with an expose series written for The New York Sun by reporter Malcolm Johnson , the articles won him a Pulitzer Prize and were reinforced by the 1948 murder of a New York dock hiring boss which woke America to the killings, graft and extortion that were endemic on the New York waterfront. Budd Schulberg was captivated by the subject matter, devoting years of his life to absorbing everything he could about the milieu. He became a regular fixture on the waterfront, hanging out in West Side Manhattan and Long Island bars, interviewing longshore-union leaders and getting to know the outspoken priests in Hell's Kitchen. The leading characters were based on real people: Terry Malloy was based on longshoreman and whistle-blower Anthony De Vincenzo; Father Barry was based on waterfront priest John M. Corridan; Johnny Friendly was based on mobster Albert Anastasia. On the Waterfront is widely known to be an act of expiation on the part of Elia Kazan for naming names to HUAC during the Joseph McCarthy witch-hunts of the 1950s. What is less widely reported is that Kazan intended it as a direct attack at his former close friend Arthur Miller who had been openly critical of Kazan's actions. Specifically, it was a direct response to Miller's play The Crucible. This trend-setting film has a gritty portrait of N.Y. waterfront and stand up well nowadays and resulted to be a huge financial hit , as from a budget of just under $1 million, the film went on to gross ten times its production costs in its initial release. Film debuts of Michael V. Gazzo, Pat Hingle, Martin Balsam, and Eva Marie Saint. The last gave a debut performance that won her the Best Supporting Actress Academy Award. It's a winner all the way , winning eight Academy Award , including : Best Picture , Direction (Kazan) , Cinematography (Boris Kaufman) , Art Director (Richard Day) . Rating : Very good , above average , and a real must see . Well worth watching . helpful•38 8 ma-cortes May 4, 2012 FAQ12 What is 'On the Waterfront' about? Is "On the Waterfront" based on a book? When do the events in "On the Waterfront" take place? Details Edit Release date June 22, 1954 (Japan) Country of origin United States Official site Sony Movie Channel (United States) Language English Also known as 码头风云 Filming locations St Peter and St Paul Church - 400 Hudson Street, Hoboken, New Jersey, USA Production company Horizon Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $910,000 (estimated) See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 48 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.33 : 1 1.66 : 1 1.85 : 1 Related news Bradley Cooper : "Maestro" Nov 3SneakPeek Ira Glasser Oct 19Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was On the Waterfront (1954) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.