Once Upon a Time in America (1984) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087843/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_74
Once Upon a Time in America (1984) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Once Upon a Time in America 19841984 RR 3h 49m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 332K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 391 36 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:41 2 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDrama A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan 35 years later, where he must once again confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life.A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan 35 years later, where he must once again confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life.A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan 35 years later, where he must once again confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 332K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 391 36 Director Sergio Leone Writers Harry Grey(based on novel "The Hoods" by) Leonardo Benvenuti(screenplay by) Piero De Bernardi(screenplay by) Stars Robert De Niro James Woods Elizabeth McGovern Top credits Director Sergio Leone Writers Harry Grey(based on novel "The Hoods" by) Leonardo Benvenuti(screenplay by) Piero De Bernardi(screenplay by) Stars Robert De Niro James Woods Elizabeth McGovern See production, box office & company info 763User reviews 138Critic reviews 75Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #74 Awards 12 wins & 12 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:41 Once Upon a Time in America Clip 3:18 What Roles Has Jennifer Connelly Turned Down? Photos207 Top cast Edit Robert De Niro Noodlesas Noodles James Woods Maxas Max Elizabeth McGovern Deborahas Deborah Treat Williams Jimmy O'Donnellas Jimmy O'Donnell Tuesday Weld Carolas Carol Burt Young Joeas Joe Joe Pesci Frankieas Frankie Danny Aiello Police Chief Aielloas Police Chief Aiello William Forsythe Cockeyeas Cockeye James Hayden Patsyas Patsy Darlanne Fluegel Eveas Eve (as Darlanne Fleugel) Larry Rapp Fat Moeas Fat Moe Dutch Miller Van Lindenas Van Linden Robert Harper Sharkeyas Sharkey Richard Bright Chicken Joeas Chicken Joe Gerard Murphy Crowningas Crowning Amy Ryder Peggyas Peggy Olga Karlatos Woman in the Puppet Theatreas Woman in the Puppet Theatre Director Sergio Leone Writers Harry Grey(based on novel "The Hoods" by) Leonardo Benvenuti(screenplay by) Piero De Bernardi(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 C'era una volta il West 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 8.2 Casino 8.3 Scarface 7.6 Giù la testa 8.7 Goodfellas 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.2 Taxi Driver 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 8.2 Raging Bull 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.3 Reservoir Dogs Storyline Edit With the vivid memory of his long-gone childhood friends Max, Patsy, and Cockeye etched in his mind, his ferociously loyal partners-in-crime during their rise to prominence in New York's Prohibition-era Lower East Side, the defeated, penniless, and guilt-ridden former gangster David "Noodles" Aaronson returns to Manhattan. Not knowing what to expect on his mission to shed light on his opaque past, grizzled Noodles reunites with his only living friend Fat Moe after 35 haunted years of self-exile. However, the relentless, piercing sound of culpability stands in the way of finding closure, as the inscrutable content of a well-worn leather suitcase further complicates matters. And now, against the backdrop of a torn conscience, the sad, bittersweet recollections of more than 50 years of love, death, and everything in-between become inextricably intertwined, leading to even more puzzling questions. But what are a man's options when he is left with nothing? —Nick Riganas police corruptiongangsterprohibitionsex scenefemale rear nudity248 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Crime, passion and lust for power - Sergio Leone's explosive saga of gangland America. Genres Crime Drama Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Robert De Niro requested a private meeting with renowned crime boss Meyer Lansky to prepare for his role as David "Noodles" Aaronson. The request was denied. Goofs When Young Noodles holds Young Peggy in the toilet and she says "You better stop squeezing me, or I'm gonna poop in my pants", the beginning of her line sounds twice, as if two different takes have been overlapped with a cross-fade. Quotes Noodles: [to Deborah] There were two things I couldn't get out of my mind. One was Dominic, the way he said, "I slipped," just before he died. The other was you. How you used to read me your Song of Songs, remember? "How beautiful are your feet / In sandals, O prince's daughter." I used to read the Bible every night. Every night I used to think about you. "Your navel is a bowl / Well-rounded with no lack of wine / Your belly, a heap of wheat / Surrounded with lilies / Your breasts / Clusters of grapes / Your breath, sweet-scented as apples." Nobody's gonna love you the way I loved you. There were times I couldn't stand it any more. I used to think of you. I'd think, "Deborah lives. She's out there. She exists." And that would get me through it all. You know how important that was to me? Crazy credits Joey Faye is credited as the "adorable old man." Alternate versions For its U.S. theatrical release the film was cut by 90 minutes from 3 hours and 47 minutes to 2 hours and 19 minutes despite the original cut gaining rave reviews at the film's premiere at Cannes. Many film critics gave two separate reviews for the film. While the complete European version was highly praised, the heavily edited US theatrical release was critically butchered. Connections Edited into Bellissimo: Immagini del cinema italiano (1985) Soundtracks God Bless America Music by Irving Berlin Irving Berlin Music Corporation Performed by Kate Smith Courtesy of RCA Record User reviews763 Review Top review 8/10 Old stories... "Once Upon a Time in America" is a crime movie which shows a former gangster who returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan after thirty years. He has to deal with some changes that happened and he missed all of those. We watch also the past of him and how all of these start and of course all of that has to do with the mafia and the gangs of New York. I really liked this movie because of the plot which I found magnificent and the direction of Sergio Leone which was outstanding. About the interpretations I have to say that the interpretation of Robert De Niro who played as David Aaronson (Noodles) was for one more time great, equally good interpretation made by James Woods who played as Maximilian Bercovicz (Max). Another good interpretation that has to be mentioned is the beautiful Elizabeth McGovern's who played as Deborah Gelly. This movie reminded me plenty of movies with the same plot, gangsters, mafia etc but this movie was simply one of the best in this kind. Finally I believe that "Once Upon a Time in America" is one of the best movies that a crime movies fan wants to watch. It gives you many emotions and this happens because of the interpretations of the cast but also from the great direction of this movie. helpful•9 5 Thanos_Alfie Feb 1, 2015 FAQ11 How did the invention Noodles' shows to Capuano work? Is 'Once Upon a Time in America' based on a book? What is the book Noodles reads as a kid when he's in the bathroom? Details Edit Release date June 1, 1984 (United States) Countries of origin Italy United States Official site Warner Bros. (United States) Languages English Italian French Yiddish Hebrew Also known as 美国往事 Filming locations Williamsburg Bridge, New York City, New York, USA Production companies The Ladd Company Warner Bros. Producers Sales Organization (PSO) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $30,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $5,321,508 Opening weekend US & Canada $2,412,014 Jun 3, 1984 Gross worldwide $5,473,337 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 49 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘American Buffalo’ Broadway Revival With Laurence Fishburne, Sam Rockwell & Darren Criss Coming In Spring Oct 8Deadline Film + TV Steven Van Zandt Sep 28Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Once Upon a Time in America (1984) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.