One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073486/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_18
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 19751975 RR 2h 13m IMDb RATING 8.7/10 960K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 449 113 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:35 7 Videos 99+ Photos Drama A criminal pleads insanity and is admitted to a mental institution, where he rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients.A criminal pleads insanity and is admitted to a mental institution, where he rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients.A criminal pleads insanity and is admitted to a mental institution, where he rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients. IMDb RATING 8.7/10 960K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 449 113 Director Milos Forman Writers Lawrence Hauben(screenplay) Bo Goldman(screenplay) Ken Kesey(based on the novel by) Stars Jack Nicholson Louise Fletcher Michael Berryman Top credits Director Milos Forman Writers Lawrence Hauben(screenplay) Bo Goldman(screenplay) Ken Kesey(based on the novel by) Stars Jack Nicholson Louise Fletcher Michael Berryman See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 186Critic reviews 84Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #18 Won 5 Oscars 38 wins & 16 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 2:35 Trailer Trailer 2:44 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest Clip 3:36 How "The Umbrella Academy" Survives 1960s Dallas in Season 2 Clip 2:53 Does 'Joker' Exist in a Scorsese-Verse of Films? Clip 2:01 One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest Interview 3:25 'The New Mutants' Cast Reveal Characters & Film Inspirations Video 3:09 Why the "Ratched" Set Was Nothing But Good Vibes Photos222 Top cast Edit Jack Nicholson R.P. McMurphyas R.P. McMurphy Louise Fletcher Nurse Ratchedas Nurse Ratched Michael Berryman Ellisas Ellis Peter Brocco Col. Mattersonas Col. Matterson Dean R. Brooks Dr. Spiveyas Dr. Spivey Alonzo Brown Milleras Miller Scatman Crothers Turkleas Turkle Mwako Cumbuka Warrenas Warren Danny DeVito Martinias Martini William Duell Sefeltas Sefelt Josip Elic Bancinias Bancini Lan Fendors Nurse Itsuas Nurse Itsu Nathan George Washingtonas Washington Ken Kenny Beans Garfieldas Beans Garfield Mel Lambert Harbor Masteras Harbor Master Sydney Lassick Cheswickas Cheswick Kay Lee Night Supervisoras Night Supervisor Christopher Lloyd Taberas Taber Director Milos Forman Writers Lawrence Hauben(screenplay) Bo Goldman(screenplay) Ken Kesey(based on the novel by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.7 Goodfellas 9.0 12 Angry Men 8.9 Schindler's List 8.6 Se7en 8.6 The Green Mile 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 8.6 La vita è bella 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.5 Léon 8.6 Cidade de Deus 8.5 The Usual Suspects Storyline Edit McMurphy has a criminal past and has once again gotten himself into trouble and is sentenced by the court. To escape labor duties in prison, McMurphy pleads insanity and is sent to a ward for the mentally unstable. Once here, McMurphy both endures and stands witness to the abuse and degradation of the oppressive Nurse Ratched, who gains superiority and power through the flaws of the other inmates. McMurphy and the other inmates band together to make a rebellious stance against the atrocious Nurse. —Jacob Oberfrank mental institutionnurseescapetragicomedynative american166 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines If he's crazy, what does that make you? Genre Drama Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Many extras were authentic mental patients. Goofs The Monopoly game has plastic houses and hotels - in 1963, they would still be made of wood. Quotes McMurphy: Jesus, I mean, you guys do nothing but complain about how you can't stand it in this place here and you don't have the guts just to walk out? What do you think you are, for Chrissake, crazy or somethin'? Well you're not! You're not! You're no crazier than the average asshole out walkin' around on the streets and that's it. Crazy credits The cast is credited in alphabetical order in the end credits, except for Brad Dourif, who is listed last as follows: "and introducing / Brad Dourif as Billy Bibbit". Connections Edited into It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia: Sweet Dee Has a Heart Attack (2008) Soundtracks Charmaine (1926) (uncredited) Music by Lew Pollack and Erno Rapee Played on a record Reprised in the score near the end User reviews1K Review Top review 9/10 The spirit of freedom vs. the spirit of legal-ism Set in the early 60s, the story involves R.P. McMurphy (Jack Nicholson) and his arrival at a mental institution in Salem, Oregon (where the film was shot). He plays the "mental illness" card to get out of prison time, thinking it'll be a piece of cake, but he's wrong, very wrong. Everything appears well at the hospital and Nurse Ratched (Louise Fletcher) seems to be a benevolent overseer of McMurphy's ward, but there are sinister things going on beneath the surface. "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975) is a film you'll appreciate more as you mature. I saw it when I was younger and, while I thought it was good, I didn't 'get' a lot of the insights the film conveys. The movie criticizes the way institutions deal with mental illnesses. Their "therapy" is futile and only makes the patients dependent on the institution itself, thereby creating its need for existence (often at the taxpayer's expense). McMurphy is a threat to the establishment and therefore must be "dealt with." A lot of people criticize the film by suggesting that Nurse Ratched "isn't that bad" or that "she was only trying to do her job", etc. I had the same reaction the first couple of times I saw it. This reveals an aspect of the film's brilliance: Ratched's malevolence is so subtle that the filmmakers allow the possibility for complete misinterpretation. Yes, from an administrative point of view, she seemingly does a good job, she's authoritarian without being sadistic, and she cares for the residents as long as they follow the rules (more on this below). Yet she is demonic as a robotized arm of a dehumanizing system. She maintains the residents in a state of oblivion and marginalization; they are deprived of their dignity because the system sees them as subhuman. The filmmakers and Fletcher (not to mention the author of the book, Ken Kesey) make Nurse Ratched a more effective antagonist by showing restraint. Compare her to, say, Faye Dunaway's portrayal of Joan Crawford in "Mommie Dearest," which pretty much turned her into a cartoon villain. Ratched isn't such an obvious sadist, yet she uses the rules to tyrannize the men and reduce them to an almost infantile state of dependency and subservience. Her crowning achievement is Billy Bibbit (Brad Dourif). McMurphy, despite his obvious flaws, is the protagonist of the story. Although he's impulsive and has a weakness for the female gender, which got him into prison in the first place, he has a spirit of freedom and life. His problem is that he needs to learn a bit of wisdom; then he can walk in his freedom without causing unnecessary harm to himself and others. Nurse Ratched, on the other hand, represents legal-ism, which is an authoritarian spirit obsessed with laws or rules. This is clearly seen in the World Series sequence: Even though McMurphy gets the final vote he needs for his ward to watch the Series Ratched refuses to allow it on a technicality. When McMurphy then PRETENDS to watch the game and works the guys up into a state of euphoria, Ratched reacts with sourpuss disapproval. That's because legalism is the opposite of the spirit of freedom, life and joy. Legalism is all about putting on appearances and enforcing the LETTER of the law (rule). The problem with this is that "appearances" are not about inward reality and, worse, "the letter kills." Despite his folly and mistakes, McMurphy does more good for the guys in his ward than Ratched and the institution could do in a lifetime. How so? Not only because he has a spirit of freedom and life, but because he loves deeply, but only those who deserve it - the humble - not arrogant abusers. When you cast restraint to the wind and love with all your heart you'll reap love in return, as long as the person is worthy. A certain person hugs McMurphy at the end because he loves him. McMurphy set him free from the shackles of mental illness and, worse, the institution that refuses to actually heal because it needs mentally ill people to exist; it only goes through the motions of caring and healing (not that there aren't any good people in such institutions, of course). No review of this film is complete without mentioning the notable character of "Chief" Bromden, played effectively by Will Sampson. The film runs 2 hours and 13 minutes. GRADE: A helpful•116 9 Wuchakk Oct 21, 2012 FAQ9 What is "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" about? Is this film based on a book? What does the title mean? Details Edit Release date November 19, 1975 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 飞越疯人院 Filming locations Oregon State Mental Hospital - 2600 Center Street NE, Salem, Oregon, USA Production companies Fantasy Films Bryna Productions N.V. Zvaluw See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $108,981,275 Gross worldwide $109,118,312 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 13 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Everything You Never Knew About ‘The Silence of the Lambs’ Oct 23Indiewire How’s The New ‘Chucky’ Series? The Voice Of Chucky Speaks Out! Oct 21HollywoodOutbreak.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.