Pain & Gain (2013) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1980209/?ref_=adv_li_i
Pain & Gain (2013) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Pain & Gain 20132013 RR 2h 9m IMDb RATING 6.4/10 209K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 421 2,091 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:33 5 Videos 99+ Photos ActionComedyCrime A trio of bodybuilders in Florida get caught up in an extortion ring and a kidnapping scheme that goes terribly wrong.A trio of bodybuilders in Florida get caught up in an extortion ring and a kidnapping scheme that goes terribly wrong.A trio of bodybuilders in Florida get caught up in an extortion ring and a kidnapping scheme that goes terribly wrong. IMDb RATING 6.4/10 209K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 421 2,091 Director Michael Bay Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay) Stephen McFeely(screenplay) Pete Collins(based on the magazine articles by) Stars Mark Wahlberg Dwayne Johnson Anthony Mackie Top credits Director Michael Bay Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay) Stephen McFeely(screenplay) Pete Collins(based on the magazine articles by) Stars Mark Wahlberg Dwayne Johnson Anthony Mackie See production, box office & company info 351User reviews 351Critic reviews 45Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 nominations Videos5 Trailer 3:17 Red Band Version Trailer 0:33 TV Spot Trailer 2:30 U.S. Version #1 Promo 0:33 "Step Father" TV Spot Video 2:54 What Roles Has The Rock Turned Down? Photos251 Top cast Edit Mark Wahlberg Daniel Lugoas Daniel Lugo Dwayne Johnson Paul Doyleas Paul Doyle Anthony Mackie Adrian Doorbalas Adrian Doorbal Tony Shalhoub Victor Kershawas Victor Kershaw Ed Harris Ed DuBoisas Ed DuBois Rob Corddry John Meseas John Mese Bar Paly Sorina Luminitaas Sorina Luminita Rebel Wilson Robin Peckas Robin Peck Ken Jeong Jonny Wuas Jonny Wu Michael Rispoli Frank Grigaas Frank Griga Keili Lefkovitz Krisztina Furtonas Krisztina Furton Emily Rutherfurd Carolyn 'Cissy' DuBoisas Carolyn 'Cissy' DuBois Larry Hankin Pastor Randyas Pastor Randy Tony Plana Captain Lopezas Captain Lopez Peter Stormare Dr. Bjornsonas Dr. Bjornson Vivi Pineda Detective Hayworthas Detective Hayworth Ken Clement Detective Costelloas Detective Costello Yolanthe Cabau Analee Calveraas Analee Calvera Director Michael Bay Writers Christopher Markus(screenplay) Stephen McFeely(screenplay) Pete Collins(based on the magazine articles by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Rock On: The Life and Times of Dwayne Johnson Rock On: The Life and Times of Dwayne Johnson Take a look back at The Rock's career in photos.Get ready to Rock More like this 6.7 The Other Guys 6.7 2 Guns 6.8 Four Brothers 6.3 Central Intelligence 6.4 Snitch 6.4 Faster 6.2 Pain & Gain: The A Game - Michael Bay's 'Pain & Gain' 6.9 Ted 6.3 Ted 2 6.3 Walking Tall 4.4 No Pain, No Gain 7.2 Shooter Storyline Edit Based on the true story of Daniel Lugo (Mark Wahlberg) a Miami bodybuilder who wants to live the American dream. He would like to have the money that other people have. So he enlists the help of fellow bodybuilder Adrian Doorbal (Anthony Mackie) and ex-convict, Christian bodybuilder Paul Doyle (Dwayne Johnson). Their kidnapping and extortion scheme goes terribly wrong since they have muscles for brains and they're left to haphazardly try to hold onto the elusive American dream. —napierslogs bodybuilderkidnappingbased on true storyfemale nuditybikini378 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Their American Dream Is Bigger Than Yours Genres Action Comedy Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for bloody violence, crude sexual content, nudity, language throughout and drug use Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Dwayne Johnson bulked up to nearly 300 pounds for his role in this movie. Goofs When the crew propose an investment scheme to Frank Griga and Krisztina Furton at Doorbal's home, a Nintendo Gamecube controller can be seen. This device was not available until 2001. Quotes [from trailer] Daniel Lugo: [to a little boy] Don't eyeball me! I've seen your mother driving up and down these streets looking at me! I'll be your stepfather in about a week! Connections Edited from Bad Boys II (2003) Soundtracks Cariocas Written by Gerhard Narholz (as Sammy Burdson) Courtesy of APM Music User reviews351 Review Top review 9/10 Cult classic Let me start this out by saying I hate Michael Bay. I hate Michael Bay. OK, OK, he's not the worst director in Hollywood. He's got his s**t together, and people are willing to pay him to glue together the worst movie ideas and turn them into a semi-watchable blockbuster. However, Pain & Gain isn't one of these movies. "Wait, how does that make it good?" You ask? Well, my position is that Bay actually cared about this movie. He pitched this movie for years, even when he was a more struggling director, and nobody would buy it. Eventually, this movie was made on a measly budget of $26 million. Not exactly peanuts, but nowhere near the budget Bay is used to. I believe this encouraged him to put some real thought into it. First of all, this is a dark, dark comedy at its core. It's Fargo ramped up to eleven and edited into the pace of a 2-hour-long seat-edging action thriller. The movie manages to go from serious, to gory, to slapstick all in a matter of minutes, and somehow still manages to work. It'll be impossible to keep yourself from cracking out in laughter, even though all of the characters are completely unlikable and self-absorbed. The movie constantly mocks gym jocks, self-help optimism, and class privilege. The acting is superb. All of the cast was well chosen, from Dwayne to Shalhoub and especially Wahlberg. And that shocking fridge horror moment comes with the realization that it all actually happened. Yes, unlike Fargo, that disclaimer at the beginning of the movie is an honest one, and the actual events are even more outrageous than this movie itself. Most of the criticism seems to come from this movie being made as humor deriving from a true event, but I don't think it could have been done better any differently. All of the changes made to the events were understandable in order to make it watchable as a movie; Adding extra humor in order to balance the absurdity, merging a few characters into one much larger one, or even actually *toning down* a few parts to make them more believable. There are so many memorable moments that are permanently affixed to my brain, unlike other Bay films which are utterly forgettable. That makes this a cult classic, and easily one of my favorite movies. helpful•95 22 Adrian232 Aug 29, 2014 FAQ2 Is this based on a true story? How did they find the bodies in the barrels ? Details Edit Release date April 26, 2013 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site (Brazil) Language English Also known as Có Chơi & Có Nhận Filming locations Miami, Florida, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures De Line Pictures Phoenix International See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $26,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $49,875,291 Opening weekend US & Canada $20,244,505 Apr 28, 2013 Gross worldwide $87,305,549 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek 15 The Rock Movies You Slept on or Totally Forgot About Aug 16MovieWeb Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Pain & Gain (2013) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.