Paris, Texas (1984) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087884/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_248
Paris, Texas (1984) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Paris, Texas 19841984 RR 2h 25m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 100K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 706 1,502 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:18 1 Video 99+ Photos Drama Travis Henderson, an aimless drifter who has been missing for four years, wanders out of the desert and must reconnect with society, himself, his life, and his family.Travis Henderson, an aimless drifter who has been missing for four years, wanders out of the desert and must reconnect with society, himself, his life, and his family.Travis Henderson, an aimless drifter who has been missing for four years, wanders out of the desert and must reconnect with society, himself, his life, and his family. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 100K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 706 1,502 Director Wim Wenders Writers L.M. Kit Carson(adaptation by) Sam Shepard Walter Donohue(story editor: Channel 4) Stars Harry Dean Stanton Nastassja Kinski Dean Stockwell Top credits Director Wim Wenders Writers L.M. Kit Carson(adaptation by) Sam Shepard Walter Donohue(story editor: Channel 4) Stars Harry Dean Stanton Nastassja Kinski Dean Stockwell See production, box office & company info 286User reviews 109Critic reviews 78Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #248 Awards 18 wins & 12 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 2:18 Paris, Texas Photos182 Top cast Edit Harry Dean Stanton Travis Hendersonas Travis Henderson Nastassja Kinski Jane Hendersonas Jane Henderson Dean Stockwell Walt Hendersonas Walt Henderson Sam Berry Gas Station Attendantas Gas Station Attendant Bernhard Wicki Doctor Ulmeras Doctor Ulmer Aurore Clément Anne Hendersonas Anne Henderson (as Aurore Clement) Claresie Mobley Car Rental Clerkas Car Rental Clerk Hunter Carson Hunter Hendersonas Hunter Henderson Viva Woman on TVas Woman on TV (as Viva Auder) Socorro Valdez Carmelitaas Carmelita Edward Fayton Hunter's Friendas Hunter's Friend Justin Hogg Hunter (Age 3)as Hunter (Age 3) Tom Farrell Screaming Manas Screaming Man John Lurie 'Slater'as 'Slater' Jeni Vici 'Stretch'as 'Stretch' Sally Norvell 'Nurse Bibs'as 'Nurse Bibs' Sharon Menzel Comedienneas Comedienne The Mydolls Rehearsing Bandas Rehearsing Band Director Wim Wenders Writers L.M. Kit Carson(adaptation by) Sam Shepard Walter Donohue(story editor: Channel 4) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 Der Himmel über Berlin 8.1 Trois couleurs: Rouge 8.1 Le notti di Cabiria 8.1 Strasti po Andreyu 8.1 Fa yeung nin wah 8.1 Persona 8.1 La haine 8.1 Stalker 8.1 Fanny och Alexander 8.1 Les quatre cents coups 8.1 The Elephant Man 8.2 Mandariinid Storyline Edit A man wanders out of the desert after a four year absence. His brother finds him, and together they return to L.A. to reunite the man with his young son. Soon after, he and the boy set out to locate the mother of the child, who left shortly after the man disappeared. —Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> desertpossessive lovemotelamnesiafather son relationship185 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A place for dreams. A place for heartbreak. A place to pick up the pieces. Genre Drama Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During the scene in the Texas airport, Dean Stockwell's character is on the phone with his wife. The PA announcer can be heard saying "A message for Joy Stockwell, Joy Stockwell. Austin will arrive at any minute." Joy was Dean's wife and Austin, his son, was born during production of this film. Goofs When Travis shows Walt and Hunter the picture of the vacant lot he bought in Paris, Texas, the photograph shows a desert landscape. Paris, Texas is located near the forests of East Texas, hundreds of miles from any desert. Quotes Jane Henderson: I... I used to make long speeches to you after you left. I used to talk to you all the time, even though I was alone. I walked around for months talking to you. Now I don't know what to say. It was easier when I just imagined you. I even imagined you talking back to me. We'd have long conversations, the two of us. It was almost like you were there. I could hear you, I could see you, smell you. I could hear your voice. Sometimes your voice would wake me up. It would wake me up in the middle of the night, just like you were in the room with me. Then... it slowly faded. I couldn't picture you anymore. I tried to talk out loud to you like I used to, but there was nothing there. I couldn't hear you. Then... I just gave it up. Everything stopped. You just... disappeared. And now I'm working here. I hear your voice all the time. Every man has your voice. Connections Featured in At the Movies: Stop Making Sense/Falling in Love/Paris Texas (1984) User reviews286 Review Top review A European View Of America At face value, the screen story, about a dysfunctional family, is weak. The plot is not really credible. The lead character (Travis) is an older man who in the first ten minutes of the film wonders alone in the desert like a horse with no name, seemingly suffering from severe trauma. But Travis' later behavior and the behavior of other characters in the film are not believable, given this opening gambit. However, if we discard our need to interpret behavior rationally, then the film works, either as a dream or, more generically, as a parable of modern day America, from the viewpoint of a European film director. The characters and their journey through the film's story are symbolic of American culture as a whole, with its ever-present loneliness, urban alienation, emotional separation, and general rootlessness. The film's visuals and music combine to prop up the thin story, and give the film its enduring cultural theme. Cinematographer Robby Muller's images are stunning. His location shots both in the desert and in the urban jungle, using polarizing filters, are works of true photographic art. The images, with their florescent greens, reds, blues, and yellows in dim light are just terrific. More than any dialogue could, these visuals effectively convey the loneliness, alienation, and lost love that are so characteristically American. And Ry Cooder's simple but haunting Tex-Mex guitar sounds amplify this grim mood. The film's main flaw is its length. With a runtime of 150 minutes, some parts of the film could have been edited out, without loss of the film's message. "Paris, Texas" is a memorable art house film about the modern American experience. Like other art house films, the story is not necessarily to be taken literally. Instead, the story provides narrative support for the visuals, the music, and other film elements, the combination of which imparts some broader or deeper social message than could be conveyed by story alone. helpful•76 49 Lechuguilla Sep 14, 2006 Details Edit Release date August 23, 1984 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin West Germany France United Kingdom Languages English Spanish Also known as 德州巴黎 Filming locations Marathon Motel & RV Park - Highway 90, Marathon, Texas, USA Production companies Road Movies Filmproduktion Argos Films Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget £1,162,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $2,181,987 Gross worldwide $2,207,548 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 25 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Related news Rushes: Dean Stockwell, Takeshi Kitano's Dog, Museum-Worthy TikToks Nov 10MUBI Dean Stockwell in ‘Blue Velvet’: The Movie That Made Him Timeless Nov 10Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Paris, Texas (1984) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.