Pather Panchali (1955) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048473/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_109
Pather Panchali (1955) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Pather Panchali 19551955 Not RatedNot Rated 2h 5m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 29K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:03 1 Video 67 Photos Drama Impoverished priest Harihar Ray, dreaming of a better life for himself and his family, leaves his rural Bengal village in search of work.Impoverished priest Harihar Ray, dreaming of a better life for himself and his family, leaves his rural Bengal village in search of work.Impoverished priest Harihar Ray, dreaming of a better life for himself and his family, leaves his rural Bengal village in search of work. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 29K YOUR RATING Rate Director Satyajit Ray Writers Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay(novel) Satyajit Ray(screenplay) Stars Kanu Bannerjee Karuna Bannerjee Subir Banerjee Top credits Director Satyajit Ray Writers Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay(novel) Satyajit Ray(screenplay) Stars Kanu Bannerjee Karuna Bannerjee Subir Banerjee See production, box office & company info 170User reviews 122Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #109 Awards 11 wins & 2 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 2:03 Apu Trilogy Photos67 Top cast Edit Kanu Bannerjee Harihar Rayas Harihar Ray Karuna Bannerjee Sarbojaya Rayas Sarbojaya Ray Subir Banerjee Apu Rayas Apu Ray Chunibala Devi Indir Thakrunas Indir Thakrun Uma Das Gupta Durgaas Durga (as Uma Dasgupta) Runki Banerjee Little Durgaas Little Durga (as Runki Bandopadhyay) Reba Devi Seja Thakrunas Seja Thakrun Aparna Devi Nilmoni's wifeas Nilmoni's wife Tulsi Chakraborty Prasanna, school teacheras Prasanna, school teacher Haren Banerjee Chinibas, Sweet-selleras Chinibas, Sweet-seller (as Haren Bandyopadhyay) Rampada Das Nibhanani Devi Dasi Thakurunas Dasi Thakurun Rama Gangopadhaya Ranu Mookerjeeas Ranu Mookerjee Roma Ganguli Romaas Roma (as Rama Gangopadhyay) Binoy Mukherjee Baidyanath Majumdaras Baidyanath Majumdar (as Binoy Mukhopadhyay) Haridhan Nag Harimohan Nag Doctoras Doctor Kshirod Roy Priestas Priest Director Satyajit Ray Writers Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay(novel) Satyajit Ray(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Aparajito 8.5 Apur Sansar 8.2 Z 8.4 Tengoku to jigoku 8.4 Nayak 8.3 Ikiru 8.2 Charulata 8.1 Le notti di Cabiria 8.3 Dersu Uzala 8.2 Höstsonaten 8.3 Ladri di biciclette 8.1 Agantuk Storyline Edit The story of a young boy, Apu, and life in his small Indian village. His parents are quite poor - his father Harihar, a writer and poet, gave away the family's fruit orchard to settle his brother's debts. His sister Durga and an old aunt also still lives with them. His mother Sarbojaya bears the brunt of the family's situation. She scrapes by and sells her personal possessions to put food on the table and has to bear the taunts of her neighbors as Durga is always stealing fruit from their orchard. Things get worse when Harihar disappears for five months and Durga falls ill. Even after Harihar returns, the family is left with few alternatives. —garykmcd villageleaving homefirst partrural settingfamily relationships54 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Saga of an Indian Family Genre Drama Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Halfway through filming, Ray ran out of funds. The Government of West Bengal loaned him the rest, allowing him to complete the film. This loan is listed in public records at the time as "roads improvement", a nod to the film's translated title. Goofs Although the film is set in early 20th-century rural India (a time in which public health campaigns presumably did not exist), when Apu and Durga are shown hiding in the fields waiting to catch a glimpse of the train, a vaccination mark is clearly visible on the right arm of Uma Das Gupta, who portrays Durga. Quotes Durga: Come close. Apu: What? Durga: We'll go see the train when I'm better, all right? We'll get there early and have a good look. You want to? Connections Featured in Century of Cinema: And the Show Goes On: Indian Chapter (1996) Soundtracks It's A Long Way to Tipperary (uncredited) Written by Jack Judge and Harry Williams Played by the band User reviews170 Review Top review 9/10 A film of Quiet Perspective and Natural Beauty. "Pather Panchali", Satyajit Ray's debut film about life in a Bengali village, was the first movie from India to gain wide recognition and acclaim in the west. It is an affecting story of a rural family struggling to deal with poverty and tragedy in their ancestral home. Ray adapted the script from Bibhuti Bihushaw Banerjee's semi-autobiographical novel of the same title and retells it with natural beauty and a quiet perspective. The filmmaker, who came from a literary and artistic background(He was a product of the Indian Renaissance) was interested in the contemporary problems of his country-and he shared with the Neorealist films from Italy- a simple and direct approach to making movies. Ray created ordinary scenes that were incredibly life-like. His films contained very few strains of artifice. He believed that the raw material of cinema was life itself. Ray generally concentrated on small subjects and ordinary people. He favored using non-actors and shooting on location to heighten the realism. He made films in his own style; dignified and subtle; sincere and with a conscience. In "Pather Panchali" (Song of the Little Road") Ray makes superb use of his milieu. The viewer immediately feels the cramped conditions of the families' decaying house and the open-air confines of the surrounding forest. When Ray sends his camera beyond the village, the observer can sense the allure and freedom of the vast fields that spring immodestly from a thin, winding trail. Rays' was a cinema of thought and feeling, in which emotion was deliberately restrained because it is so strong. This restraint adds to the psychological intensity in his work. Nearly all of his films are marked by this remarkable depth of feeling. "Pather Panchali", the first installment of the Apu Trilogy("Aparajito" and "The World of Apu" would follow) depicts a young boy (Apu) exploring his ever-expanding universe with a growing sense of wonder. Ray excelled at showing how children and adolescents confront mystery and joy; sadness and death. The director shows Apu's burgeoning awareness with a masterful use of the long shot. High-angled, distant shots track Apu and his older sister Durga, as they run spiritedly through white-kashed fields. This sense of discovery gives the film it's emotional power. The director's main subject was India-it's customs and culture. It's conflicts between the traditional way of life and the impact and influence of the West. He tried arduously to capture this synthesis between western ideas and traditional Hindu values. His concern for human problems and not issues of national politics gave his films universal appeal. "Pather Panchali" delineates the small joys and acute sorrows of a poor Indian family. It is an endearing testament that poverty does not nullify love and that even the most afflicted person can find some modest pleasures in their world. The film's indigenous sound track is vital to Ray's story of ancestral limitations. Twanging ektaras, wailing tarshehnais and six-stringed sitars resound liberally throughout the movie. It would be difficult to imagine "Pather Panchali" without it's memorable score. Satyajit Ray was an unpretentious filmmaker. He was genuinely uninterested in commercial considerations. His films were life-affirming, authentic and honest; gentle and poetic- truthful observations on human behavior that employed simple but strong themes. Ray's unadorned style of film-making was intimate, probing, and revealing. (Possible spoiler) The final scene shows the grieving family leaving their home in an ox-driven carriage to begin a new life. A trailing camera in medium close-up captures a compelling mixture of emotions on their faces. Expressions of pain and resolution; hope and despair; the future and the past. A seemingly simple yet unmistakably powerful scene that typifies Satyajit Ray's profound cinema. A cinema of gentle but deep observation, understanding and unabashed love of the human race. helpful•18 2 silverlion3411 May 15, 2006 FAQ1 What relation are the actors? Details Edit Release date August 26, 1955 (India) Country of origin India Language Bengali Also known as 大地之歌 Filming locations Boral, West Bengal, India Production company Government of West Bengal See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $134,241 Opening weekend US & Canada $16,064 May 10, 2015 Gross worldwide $135,342 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 5 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news Mannheim-Heidelberg Celebrates 70 Years With Retrospective, New Sections, Return to Theaters Nov 9Variety Film + TV Soundtrack Mix #20: The Parallel Playlist Oct 29MUBI Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Pather Panchali (1955) in Spain?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Most anticipated Indian movies and shows Percentage shows amount of top page views. 1Marakkar: Lion of the Arabian Sea39.9% 2Ram Asur24.0% 3Bunty Aur Babli 28.0% 4RRR5.6% 5Antim: The Final Truth5.1% 6Pushpa: The Rise - Part 14.2% 7Matsya Kaand4.0% 8Satyameva Jayate 23.7% 9Dangerous2.7% 10Minnal Murali2.7% Updates approximately every 20 minutes. More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.