Persona (1966) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060827/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_189
Persona (1966) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Persona 19661966 Not RatedNot Rated 1h 25m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 112K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,148 400 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer5:01 1 Video 99+ Photos DramaThriller A nurse is put in charge of a mute actress and finds that their personae are melding together.A nurse is put in charge of a mute actress and finds that their personae are melding together.A nurse is put in charge of a mute actress and finds that their personae are melding together. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 112K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,148 400 Director Ingmar Bergman Writer Ingmar Bergman(story and screenplay) Stars Bibi Andersson Liv Ullmann Margaretha Krook Top credits Director Ingmar Bergman Writer Ingmar Bergman(story and screenplay) Stars Bibi Andersson Liv Ullmann Margaretha Krook See production, box office & company info 257User reviews 151Critic reviews 86Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #189 Awards 11 wins & 5 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 5:01 Persona Photos163 Top cast Edit Bibi Andersson Almaas Alma Liv Ullmann Elisabet Vogleras Elisabet Vogler Margaretha Krook The Doctoras The Doctor Gunnar Björnstrand Mr. Vogleras Mr. Vogler Jörgen Lindström Elisabet's Sonas Elisabet's Son (uncredited) Director Ingmar Bergman Writer Ingmar Bergman(story and screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Smultronstället 8.2 Det sjunde inseglet 8.2 Höstsonaten 8.1 Viskningar och rop 8.1 Fanny och Alexander 8.1 Stalker 8.0 Såsom i en spegel 8.1 Les quatre cents coups 8.1 Nattvardsgästerna 8.1 Strasti po Andreyu Persona 8.1 Zerkalo Storyline Edit A young nurse, Alma, is put in charge of Elisabeth Vogler: an actress who is seemingly healthy in all respects, but will not talk. As they spend time together, Alma speaks to Elisabeth constantly, never receiving any answer. Alma eventually confesses her secrets to a seemingly sympathetic Elisabeth and finds that her own personality is being submerged into Elisabeth's persona. —Kathy Li silencepatientmute characterintercepted lettersex on beach84 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A new film by Ingmar Bergman Genres Drama Thriller Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to himself, Ingmar Bergman fell in love with Liv Ullmann during the making of the movie. Quotes The Doctor: I understand, all right. The hopeless dream of being - not seeming, but being. At every waking moment, alert. The gulf between what you are with others and what you are alone. The vertigo and the constant hunger to be exposed, to be seen through, perhaps even wiped out. Every inflection and every gesture a lie, every smile a grimace. Suicide? No, too vulgar. But you can refuse to move, refuse to talk, so that you don't have to lie. You can shut yourself in. Then you needn't play any parts or make wrong gestures. Or so you thought. But reality is diabolical. Your hiding place isn't watertight. Life trickles in from the outside, and you're forced to react. No one asks if it is true or false, if you're genuine or just a sham. Such things matter only in the theatre, and hardly there either. I understand why you don't speak, why you don't move, why you've created a part for yourself out of apathy. I understand. I admire. You should go on with this part until it is played out, until it loses interest for you. Then you can leave it, just as you've left your other parts one by one. Alternate versions The American version, released by United Artists, omits a brief close-up shot of an erect penis from the film's pre-credit collage. Connections Edited into Histoire(s) du cinéma: Fatale beauté (1994) Soundtracks Adagio from Concerto No. 2 in E major for Violin, Strings and Continuo, BWV 1042 Written by Johann Sebastian Bach User reviews257 Review Top review 8/10 the enigmas of 'Persona' 'Persona' is one of the most enigmatic movies in the history of cinema. Those who read the chronicles written right after the 1966 release of the film or the articles dedicated to it in the books of cinema history will encounter as many interpretations as authors. The same happens if we read the opinions written by film lovers on sites like IMDB, or we discuss the film between us. Ingmar Bergman had the inspiration not only of not talking a lot about this film (even less than about his other films) but he also avoided sharing too much of his personal thoughts or ideas even with the actresses or the other members of the production team. The result is an enigma. Each of us who sees or sees again this movie has his own Persona'. The ambitions are clear from the way the film is 'packaged' using the classic projection room effects. Short sequences from classical films emphasize the effect of declaring 'here we have a work of cinema'. The prelude sets up an atmosphere that could be defined as a dream, we are clearly in a world that resembles the real world but which exists only in the eyes and souls of the spectators, built with materials put together by the creator of the film from his own thoughts and dreams about the world. The 'story' could be told in few words, even if it is not a banal story. This is where the interpretations begin. What do we actually see on the screen? An ambiguous relationship between two women, evolving from a patient-care relationship to an attraction that starts to look as a melding of one into the other? Are the two characters the symbols of the two facets of the human personality - the soul and the character - as interpreted by some experts in the psychoanalysis theories? Is there a hint (or more) to a lesbian relationship? Maybe there is an element of class struggle, between the actress active on the intellectual level and the country girl whose strongest emotions are on the erotic plane? Are we dealing with a horror story, a thriller in which there is a physical threat and a struggle between the two women to gain control one over the other? Why did the actress stop talking - personal traumas, maternity failure? What is the connection between the horrors of the outside world (wars, the Holocaust) and the inner storms concealed by the Scandinavian calm? These are just a few of the questions that can be asked and of the possible interpretations. Comprehensive and ambitious cinematographic constructions involve risks. More than 50 years after the film, the Vietnam War is no longer actuality but history, closer to the Holocaust which is also quoted by the famous photograph of the terrorized little boy in the Warsaw ghetto. The black and white image also gains aesthetic significance, not necessarily obvious and intentional at the time the film was made. Acting is gorgeous, Bergman's two preferred actresses (and lovers), Bibi Andersson and Liv Ullmann are building on the screen two versions of femininity that at some point merge one into the other, two variants of the director's fascination with women for which he created the most generous roles in his films. Seen for the first time or seen again today, 'Persona' is a cinematic art concentrate and an intellectual challenge that continues to attract and fascinate through its open character and enigmas. helpful•10 2 dromasca May 18, 2019 Details Edit Release date October 18, 1966 (Sweden) Country of origin Sweden Languages Swedish English Also known as 假面 Filming locations Fårö, Gotlands län, Sweden Production company AB Svensk Filmindustri See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross worldwide $90,556 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 25 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix AGA Sound System Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news Remembering Celebrities Who Died in 2019 Jan 1Variety Film + TV In Asia, Local Language Content, ‘6 Underground’ Most Popular on Netflix in 2019 Dec 30Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Persona (1966)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.