Platoon (1986) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091763/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_226
Platoon (1986) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Platoon 19861986 RR 2h IMDb RATING 8.1/10 398K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 918 89 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 3 Videos 99+ Photos DramaWar Chris Taylor, a neophyte recruit in Vietnam, finds himself caught in a battle of wills between two sergeants, one good and the other evil. A shrewd examination of the brutality of war and th... Read allChris Taylor, a neophyte recruit in Vietnam, finds himself caught in a battle of wills between two sergeants, one good and the other evil. A shrewd examination of the brutality of war and the duality of man in conflict.Chris Taylor, a neophyte recruit in Vietnam, finds himself caught in a battle of wills between two sergeants, one good and the other evil. A shrewd examination of the brutality of war and the duality of man in conflict. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 398K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 918 89 Director Oliver Stone Writer Oliver Stone Stars Charlie Sheen Tom Berenger Willem Dafoe Top credits Director Oliver Stone Writer Oliver Stone Stars Charlie Sheen Tom Berenger Willem Dafoe See production, box office & company info 649User reviews 144Critic reviews 92Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #226 Won 4 Oscars 24 wins & 15 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 0:31 Platoon: Blu-ray Release Video 2:00 Jeffrey Wright's Top 3 Films on Veterans and Their Military Experience Photos212 Top cast Edit Charlie Sheen Chrisas Chris Tom Berenger Sgt. Barnesas Sgt. Barnes Willem Dafoe Sgt. Eliasas Sgt. Elias Keith David Kingas King Forest Whitaker Big Haroldas Big Harold Francesco Quinn Rhahas Rhah Kevin Dillon Bunnyas Bunny John C. McGinley Sgt. O'Neillas Sgt. O'Neill Reggie Johnson Junioras Junior Mark Moses Lt. Wolfeas Lt. Wolfe Corey Glover Francisas Francis Johnny Depp Lerneras Lerner Chris Pedersen Crawfordas Crawford Bob Orwig Gardneras Gardner Corkey Ford Mannyas Manny David Neidorf Texas Tex Richard Edson Salas Sal Tony Todd Warrenas Warren Director Oliver Stone Writer Oliver Stone All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 The Deer Hunter 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.1 Rocky 8.2 Unforgiven 7.2 Born on the Fourth of July 8.1 Stand by Me 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai 6.8 Heaven & Earth 8.1 Gran Torino 8.2 Casino 8.2 Die Hard Storyline Edit Chris Taylor is a young, naive American who gives up college and volunteers for combat in Vietnam. Upon arrival, he quickly discovers that his presence is quite nonessential, and is considered insignificant to the other soldiers, as he has not fought for as long as the rest of them and felt the effects of combat. Chris has two non-commissioned officers, the ill-tempered and indestructible Staff Sergeant Robert Barnes and the more pleasant and cooperative Sergeant Elias Grodin. A line is drawn between the two NCOs and a number of men in the platoon when an illegal killing occurs during a village raid. As the war continues, Chris himself draws towards psychological meltdown. And as he struggles for survival, he soon realizes he is fighting two battles, the conflict with the enemy and the conflict between the men within his platoon. —Jeremy Thomson vietnam wargoreamerican war crimescombat fatiguetropics177 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The first casualty of war is innocence. Genres Drama War Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to Oliver Stone, he intentionally cast Tom Berenger and Willem Dafoe against type (Berenger, who played the ruthless, sadistic Sergeant Barnes, was mostly famous at that point for playing good guys, while Dafoe, who had primarily played villains up until then, played the heroic, compassionate Sergeant Elias). The casting worked, and both men received Oscar nominations for their work. Goofs When the men are playing cards, one of the men is looking at a Playboy from March 1971, despite the film taking place in 1967. Quotes [Refering to Vietnam] Chris Taylor: Somebody once wrote, "Hell is the impossibility of reason." That's what this place feels like. Hell. Alternate versions TV version has much of its dialogue redubbed and shots refilmed, replacing such lines as "He thinks he's Jesus F---in' Christ!" with "He thinks he's George Freakin' Washington!" Connections Edited into A Tour of the Inferno: Revisiting 'Platoon' (2001) Soundtracks ADAGIO FOR STRINGS Written by Samuel Barber Arranged and Conducted by Georges Delerue Used by arrangement with G. Schirmer, Inc. User reviews649 Review Top review 8/10 Shows the harsh realities of war very effectively The Vietnam War has been one of the controversial wars in history and was an unpleasant experience for everyone involved. Oliver Stone harnessed these experiences to make Platoon; a film where he could illustrate to everyone what Vietnam was like from his perspective. In my opinion, this is the best war movie ever made. The sheer horror of war is captured so well in everyway. The fear of death, compatriots dying, divisions in the platoon, guilt of killing; it's all there and Stone doesn't try to disguise it. Platoon is very honestly written and it is this honesty that makes the film so great. Platoon isn't an anti war movie and it certainly does not glorify war in anyway, it is simply how war is in its entirety. There are some shocking scenes such as the one in the Vietnamese village but there are also more light hearted moments such as where the troops on Dafoe's side are partying and having a good time. On base camp, there is great contrast with the mood but on the forest, it is just fear, aggression and blood, nothing else. Taylor's (Charlie Sheen) story is very good as he experiencing war at the same time of the audience. Before the war, he was a rich kid who loved his grandma and it is how war changes him that is truly fascinating. The character story that always receives most praise however is that between Barnes (Tom Berenger) and Elias (Willem Dafoe) is very compelling and leads to some great scenes with them and carves an interesting divide within the camp. This film is big on character and explores many relationships but (take note Jarhead) doesn't sacrifice any action time for these scenes. Stone struck a perfect balance between action and story. Acting from everyone involved is very good. Sheen as the naïve newcomer is very good and after this, should have done much better for himself than he did. Dafoe and Berenger, once again steal the attention off the lead. Their extreme contrasting personalities is brilliantly done and raises the standard of the film. Berenger is truly terrifying, he didn't hold back in this one. Dafoe is much more sympathetic and will speak his mind to anyone. Johnny Depp makes one of his early film appearances with a small, yet memorable role. The way Sheen is wearing Depp's bandana after Lerner (Depp) gets taken by the chopper is discretely done but touching. Platoon is the best war movie there's ever been. Stone wrote and directed this film with such passion that it couldn't be anything but good. A great mix of characters, a great cast and such well crafted action scenes are all what you need for an exceptional war movie and they're all here. The film ends perfectly as we are given a chance to reflect and take it in before the credits start rolling. Stone, who often misses the point with his films, hit the nail on the head with this one. helpful•38 12 Lt_Coffey_182 Jan 23, 2006 FAQ13 At 20:13 In The Dead Of Night Deep In The Jungle How Is The Enemy Silhouetted ??? Why does Chris Taylor (Charlie Sheen) call Barnes and Elias his "fathers" during the final monologue. Is "Platoon" based on a book? Details Edit Release date February 6, 1987 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official site Official Facebook Languages English Vietnamese Also known as 野战排 Filming locations Philippines Production companies Hemdale Cinema '84 Cinema 86 See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $138,530,565 Opening weekend US & Canada $241,080 Dec 21, 1986 Gross worldwide $138,545,632 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Best Memoirs by Filmmakers: Akira Kurosawa, Oliver Stone, and More Nov 1Indiewire Chris ‘C.T.’ Tamburello & Tom Berenger Set For Remake Of 1930s Classic ‘The Most Dangerous Game’ Nov 1Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Platoon (1986)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.