Practical Magic (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120791/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Practical Magic (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Practical Magic 19981998 PG-13PG-13 1h 44m IMDb RATING 6.3/10 78K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,027 827 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:44 1 Video 99+ Photos ComedyDramaFantasy Two witch sisters, raised by their eccentric aunts in a small town, face closed-minded prejudice and a curse which threatens to prevent them ever finding lasting love.Two witch sisters, raised by their eccentric aunts in a small town, face closed-minded prejudice and a curse which threatens to prevent them ever finding lasting love.Two witch sisters, raised by their eccentric aunts in a small town, face closed-minded prejudice and a curse which threatens to prevent them ever finding lasting love. IMDb RATING 6.3/10 78K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,027 827 Director Griffin Dunne Writers Alice Hoffman(novel) Robin Swicord(screenplay) Akiva Goldsman(screenplay) Stars Sandra Bullock Nicole Kidman Stockard Channing Top credits Director Griffin Dunne Writers Alice Hoffman(novel) Robin Swicord(screenplay) Akiva Goldsman(screenplay) Stars Sandra Bullock Nicole Kidman Stockard Channing See production, box office & company info 297User reviews 80Critic reviews 46Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 6 nominations Videos1 Trailer 1:44 Practical Magic Photos245 Top cast Edit Sandra Bullock Sally Owensas Sally Owens Nicole Kidman Gillian Owensas Gillian Owens Stockard Channing Aunt Francesas Aunt Frances Dianne Wiest Aunt Jetas Aunt Jet Goran Visnjic Jimmy Angelovas Jimmy Angelov Aidan Quinn Gary Halletas Gary Hallet Evan Rachel Wood Kylieas Kylie Alexandra Artrip Antoniaas Antonia Mark Feuerstein Michaelas Michael Caprice Benedetti Maria Owensas Maria Owens Annabella Price Lovelorn Ladyas Lovelorn Lady Camilla Belle Sally @ Age 11as Sally @ Age 11 Lora Anne Criswell Gillian @ Age 10as Gillian @ Age 10 Margo Martindale Linda Bennettas Linda Bennett Chloe Webb Carlaas Carla Martha Gehman Pattyas Patty Lucinda Jenney Sara (Adult)as Sara (Adult) Cordelia Richards Nanas Nan Director Griffin Dunne Writers Alice Hoffman(novel) Robin Swicord(screenplay) Akiva Goldsman(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.4 The Craft 6.7 While You Were Sleeping 6.1 Hope Floats 6.1 Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood 6.3 Miss Congeniality 6.6 Sudbury 6.6 The Witches of Eastwick 6.1 28 Days 6.8 Cruel Intentions 6.1 Never Been Kissed 6.2 Sweet Home Alabama 6.6 Death Becomes Her Storyline Edit Sisters Sally Owens (Sandra Bullock) and Gillian Owens (Nicole Kidman) have a special bond with each other despite being different in personality and outlook. Having grown up with their spinster Aunt Frances (Stockard Channing) and Aunt Jet (Dianne Wiest) in the long time Owens family house on an island off the coast of Massachusetts following the death of their father and then their mother, they are the latest in a long line of witches. Rumors of the Owens women being witches have existed for generations in the small close-minded town in which they live, despite there being no hard evidence. The Owens women are also under a curse that any man with who they fall in love is doomed. With this experience, extroverted Gillian decides to leave the island to live life to the fullest, in the process, falling for Jimmy Angelov (Goran Visnjic), a Bulgarian who grew up near Transylvania. More introspective Sally, who has sworn off the use of magic except in its most practical sense, has taken measures not to fall in love because of the curse, but ends up falling for and marrying Michael (Mark Feuerstein), a local merchant, the two who end up having two daughters of their own. The curse works its way into Gillian's and Sally's lives in different ways. The outcomes of the curse on their collective lives become more complicated with the arrival into town of Tuscon Police Detective Gary Hallet (Aidan Quinn), whose arrival is not by accident and involves more than just his stated professional purpose. —Huggo loss of loved onepersecutioncurselovemagic156 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines There's a little witch in every woman. Genres Comedy Drama Fantasy Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some violence, intense thematic elements and sensuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to Sandra Bullock in the commentary, in the scene where Gillian and Sally get drunk with their aunts and they sling insults, the actresses actually got drunk. They were drinking some very bad tequila that Nicole Kidman brought. Goofs Officer Hallet is supposed to have one green and one blue eye. However, the moment Sally notices this is the only moment it happens. During the rest of the movie, both eyes are blue. Quotes Sally Owens: [Sally's letter to Gillian] Sometimes I feel like there's a hole inside of me, an emptiness that at times seems to burn. I think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could probably hear the ocean. The moon tonight, there's a circle around it. Sign of trouble not far behind. I have this dream of being whole. Of not going to sleep each night, wanting. But still sometimes, when the wind is warm or the crickets sing... I dream of a love that even time will lie down and be still for. I just want someone to love me. I want to be seen. I don't know. Maybe I had my happiness. I don't want to believe it but, there is no man, Gilly. Only that moon. Connections Featured in Stevie Nicks & Sheryl Crow: If You Ever Did Believe (1998) Soundtracks This Kiss Written by Robin Lerner, Ann Roboff (as Annie Roboff) and Beth Nielsen Chapman Performed by Faith Hill Courtesy of Warner Bros. Records Inc. By Arrangement with Warner Special Products User reviews297 Review Top review Magical Fun This is a "fun" movie, surprising and funny but much more for adults than children- it's too scary and graphic for little ones. Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman give star-powered performances- both deliver the goods here and you'll enjoy it whether you're fans of them or if you're not. They're simply charming and as much as people may want to dislike Kidman for being Ms. Cruise, she again proves she's a star in her own right. Forget the critics and the Be-faithful-to-the-book drones, this is a good movie- hip, edgy and sometimes spooky. If this was a movie made by two unknown actresses, it would be a "gem" critics would recommend to audiences, but for some reason with Bullock and Kidman, it gets reviewed on a different scale and ends up short for people. Forget all that- it's great entertainment with yes, two pretty big stars- but they can't help that so get over it and enjoy the movie for what it is- a real "gem." helpful•95 14 heir Jun 13, 1999 Details Edit Release date October 16, 1998 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Warner Bros. Language English Also known as Hechizo de amor Filming locations Whidbey Island, Washington, USA Production companies DiNovi Pictures Fortis Films Stargate Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $75,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $46,732,881 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,104,694 Oct 18, 1998 Gross worldwide $46,733,235 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 44 minutes Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 2.35 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Practical Magic (1998) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.