Press Room - Celebrities Talk About IMDb - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/pressroom/celebrity-quotes/ls025773543?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ad0669f5-0b26-4ffe-9696-9f0b30fd0921&pf_rd_r=9YRCK3FN5XC1G4MDZD66&pf_rd_s=right-30&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=pressroom&ref_=fea_pr_pr_cqtes_i_1
Press Room - Celebrities Talk About IMDb - IMDb Celebrities Talk About IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In PRESS ROOM HOME COL NEEDHAM VIDEO Celebrities Talk About IMDb by IMDb-Editors | last updated - 02 Oct 2017 Read what celebrities have to say about IMDb and why it's the world's most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV, and celebrity content. 52 images 1 "IMDb is such an invaluable resource for everyone who goes to see films and everyone who works in films." — Felicity Jones People: Felicity Jones Photo by Mike Windle © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 2 "I love movies, so like everyone else, I use IMDb all the time." — Joseph Gordon-Levitt Titles: IMDb at San Diego Comic-Con People: Joseph Gordon-Levitt Photo by Tommaso Boddi © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 3 "I think that IMDb is really important. For me, it’s The NY Post, it’s Rotten Tomatoes, and then when it’s time to get serious, it’s IMDb." — Robert Downey Jr. Titles: Captain America: Civil War People: Robert Downey Jr. Photo by JAMES GILLHAM STING MEDIA © JamesGillham/StingMedia.co.uk 4 "I think it’s a wonderful resource for those amongst us who love film. It’s like a wonderful library. And an instant dictionary. And a reference point of so much extraordinary information. It’s a very great resource." — Ben Kingsley People: Ben Kingsley Photo by Christopher Polk © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 5 "I use IMDb all the time. I’ve used it since its inception. I started using it as a student when I was 18, which is about the same time I got my first email address (about 1999). I was such a cinephile and such a movie lover by then that I loved making the connections and I loved looking up the 250 greatest movies of all time. Now, it’s a source of information. I’m probably on it every single day. I’m a subscriber to IMDbPro. I read the news. I look at what’s going on. I use it all the time." — Tom Hiddleston People: Tom Hiddleston Photo by Alberto E. Rodriguez © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 6 "I use it everyday. I look at the Top News. I research whenever I’m going for an audition. I love IMDb." — Bella Heathcote Titles: The Neon Demon People: Bella Heathcote Photo by Kevin Winter © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 7 "I use IMDb often on my phone when I’m at a restaurant and I see someone I worked with 8 or more years ago. And I’m quickly IMDb-ing to find out who the hell it is. I love that feature." — Clark Gregg Titles: Captain America: The Winter Soldier People: Clark Gregg Photo by Frazer Harrison © 2014 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 8 "[IMDb is] where I get all my entertainment news." — Cobie Smulders Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance , Sundance 2015 People: Cobie Smulders Photo by Jerod Harris © 2015 Jerod Harris - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 9 "I use IMDb every time I have a meeting with a director and to check the news. [I follow IMDb’s] Movie News." — Alice Eve People: Alice Eve Photo by Mark Sullivan © 2013 Mark Sullivan - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 10 "I use [IMDb]. I’m writing some stuff down. I have to go back and look at cast lists and things and I find them there." — Donald Sutherland Titles: Forsaken People: Donald Sutherland Photo by Michael Tran © 2015 Michael Tran - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 11 "It’s just such a great industry tool as well as a fan tool. You can just get any answer [to any question] that comes up in your head. It’s really made dinner conversations a little easier. Everybody will sit there [saying]: ‘No it was this.’ And somebody’s over there going [pantomimes using IMDb’s mobile app]: “No. It was THIS [pantomimes holding up a cell phone]." — Jackie Earle Haley Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: Jackie Earle Haley Photo by Angela Weiss © 2016 Angela Weiss - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 12 "I use it all the time in work. When I’m casting. You can check somebody’s resume. You can find out what they’ve done and therefore who they’ve worked with that you might know that you can call and say, ‘Hey is this person alright?’ It’s great for that. It really is. I use it everyday almost." — Denis Leary People: Denis Leary Photo by Frederick M. Brown © 2011 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 13 "I go on there all the time. Anytime I’m going on a new project or when I’m meeting with somebody. It’s really a nice tool." — Josh Hutcherson Titles: Escobar: Paradise Lost People: Josh Hutcherson Photo by Todd Williamson © 2015 Todd Williamson - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 14 "I use it to find out who I am, what I’ve done and what I intend to do." — Tim Burton People: Tim Burton Photo by Kevin Winter © 2013 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 15 "What do you have to do to get on IMDbPro?" — Julia Roberts Titles: The 21st Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards People: Julia Roberts Photo by Mark Davis © 2015 WireImage - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 16 "I look at IMDb all the time. And I say it all the time. Because when people say, 'So, can you tell me what you’ve done?' I just go, 'IMDB me.'" — Woody Harrelson People: Woody Harrelson Photo by Michael Tran © 2016 Michael Tran - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 17 "I even have my own page on IMDb! It’s the industry tool and standard." — Armie Hammer Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: Armie Hammer Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 18 "I only use [IMDb] to look myself up and check out what people are saying on the comments boards -- whether people like me or not. And if they don’t like me, then they’re idiots. And if they do like me, then they’re my friends. And they’re smart. I did use IMDb to look up myself when I first became an actor. I gotvery, very excited when I first did my first movie. And then the first comment [on IMDb’s message board] was mean. So I stopped. It was about my eyebrows. They said my eyebrows are too big. And maybe they’re right. I mean I have to live with them. I’m not going to pluck them for anyone." — Andrew Garfield Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: Andrew Garfield Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 19 "I use IMDb for everything. I think pretty much every actor does. It’s like the only ... I don’t even know if there is another (entertainment) resource is there? It’s kind of amazing. I used IMDb before I even started acting. it’s a great site." — Robert Pattinson Titles: The Oscars People: Robert Pattinson Photo by Pascal Le Segretain © 2015 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 20 "IMDb: It’s the first place you go to know anything. Literally. It’s like, ‘I’m not sure, IMDb it!'" — Kristen Stewart People: Kristen Stewart Photo by Tommaso Boddi © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 21 "For someone who’s been in a number of movies and been around Hollywood a lot, I kind of am an ignoramous. People will say, 'Well you met such and such.' And I go, 'Who’s such and such?' I should know more. Maybe I should read the trades. I have the app for IMDb. I look it up. So I’m like, 'Yeah, I know what you mean. Oh, right, that person!' So yeah, I do use it quite a lot." — Hugh Jackman People: Hugh Jackman Photo by Kevin Winter © 2013 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 22 "In Hollywood, I can’t live without IMDb." — Zoe Saldana Titles: Live by Night People: Zoe Saldana Photo by Frazer Harrison © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 23 "I like to see what’s going on and IMDb always let’s you know what’s going on in the film community." — Octavia Spencer People: Octavia Spencer Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 24 "[I use IMDb] because I don’t know nuthin’ about movies. I just work there." — Harrison Ford Titles: Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens People: Harrison Ford © 2015 Getty Images 25 "I’m addicted. I swear to you. 20 times a day. I’ll look at your page, I’ll look at mine. I love it. I like the STARmeter too." — Viola Davis People: Viola Davis Photo by Christopher Polk © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 26 "I like to watch the trailers. That’s my favorite thing – going on IMDb and seeing, ‘Ooh … Here’s the new trailer for this [film]." — Jessica Chastain People: Jessica Chastain Photo by Matthias Nareyek © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 27 "I click on IMDb probably 10 times a day. That’s not an exaggeration. I use it for work. If I’m looking at a project or an actor, IMDb’s the source ... it’s where I go for all my information." — Bryce Dallas Howard People: Bryce Dallas Howard Photo by Angela Weiss © 2016 Angela Weiss - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 28 "The funny thing is, I used to be a casting assistant so 90% of my day was spent on IMDb checking everybody’s representatives." — Olivia Wilde Titles: Horrible Bosses 2 People: Olivia Wilde Photo by Tim P. Whitby © 2014 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 29 "I check all the [actors’] credits there. Literally, if I’m going to hire someone, I go to IMDb and check [their credits] . . . I religiously avoid the message boards. Sometimes if I want to boost my self-esteem, I go to the movie I most admire ('Citizen Kane') and organize it by ‘Most Hated.’ And I go to the one-star comment and I go, ‘Well, it happens to the best. It happens to the rest.’ Every three or four months, with great trepidation, I check the status of Pan’s Labyrinth among the top 100 movies of all time and I go, 'Oh! 75! Ahhh!'" — Guillermo del Toro Titles: The Strain People: Guillermo del Toro Photo by Albert L. Ortega © 2014 Albert L. Ortega - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 30 "It helps me so much when I’m about to go meet a director for a movie or I’m going to meet a writer. I go on IMDb and find all these details that help to make the meetings more personal. Like, ‘I see you’re from Ohio like I am. You should cast me in your movie.’ You see who’s married, who’s not, what their wife’s name is. It’s a valuable resource" — Allison Janney Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: Allison Janney Photo by Angela Weiss © 2016 Angela Weiss - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 31 "I use IMDb a lot to find out about other actors -- what they’ve worked on, who they’ve worked with. Also, whenever we’re casting a film or if we’re hiring a crew for a film, I use IMDb to look at (whether it’s a costume designer or set decorator) anybody in the business that I would be working with to see who they’ve worked with and what work they’ve done so I have a reference. It’s a great tool for everybody in the business to be able to understand who everyone is." — Cameron Diaz People: Cameron Diaz Photo by Michael Kovac © 2014 Michael Kovac - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 32 "I can’t tell you how often we’re in a story meeting or something and somebody pulls up their lap top or their iPhone and they pull up information [on IMDb] on when a movie was made, what a rating on a film was, who worked on what, what films they collaborated together on. I don’t even remember how you would do that before IMDb. It’s been so much part of the Hollywood culture for so long. It definitely is the best resource that I know of to get information as accurately as there is." — Jon Favreau Titles: The Judge People: Jon Favreau Photo by Frazer Harrison © 2014 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 33 "I use it all the time. If someone sends me a script or there’s a meeting with a director, they’ll also send me the link to IMDb. And I can look at it and go: ‘Oh, they’ve done this, this and this and that’s who they are and they’ve also worked with this person.’ It’s great. Big resource." — Chris Hemsworth People: Chris Hemsworth Photo by Kevin Winter © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 34 "[IMDb] is indispensible for the instant, swift thumbnail version of things and then much more detailed if you need it to be. It’s one of those bits of the modern world that I genuinely wonder at. I’m interested in the history of everything we do so the ability to go back and find out the version you never knew existed [on IMDB] ... sometimes with Shakespeare films it’s the film from 1917 that you didn’t know about. It’s an amazing resource." — Kenneth Branagh Titles: Cinderella People: Kenneth Branagh Photo by Alex J. Berliner © ? ABImages - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 35 "Especially when you’re more involved in the production side, IMDb Pro is very, very useful." — Kate Hudson Titles: The Oscars People: Kate Hudson Photo by Pascal Le Segretain © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 36 "I definitely use IMDb. It’s funny because my understanding [of IMDb] started out as a tool to use in the business. And that’s the biggest understatement that you can hear. It’s a HUGE, essential tool in this industry. Every time I go to meet someone that I might potentially work with – a director, a writer, a producer, another actor – it’s always very important to see what they’ve done to get a sense of who they are. At the end of the day, what we do is a fairy tale. We’re incredibly lucky to be doing what we’re doing. But behind it and behind most successes are these people who’ve worked really, really hard. And they have a great perspective on this business. It really is a community that you can learn from. The fist step is always finding out what they’re doing and what they’re up to." — John Krasinski Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: John Krasinski Photo by Angela Weiss © 2016 Angela Weiss - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 37 "I use IMDb constantly." — Jodie Foster People: Jodie Foster Photo by Frazer Harrison/BAFTA LA © 2016 Frazer Harrison/BAFTA LA - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 38 "I have the [IMDb] app. It’s how I look everyone up and see what everyone is doing and familiarize myself with people before I work with them. I don’t want to have any relationship to gossip. I like to stick to the facts." — Ginnifer Goodwin People: Ginnifer Goodwin Photo by Todd Williamson © 2017 Todd Williamson - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 39 "Anytime you have a question about anyone in the [entertainment] business you’re obviously going to go to IMDb. It’s on your phone as one of those go to websites." — Hilary Swank Titles: The Homesman People: Hilary Swank Photo by Steve Jennings © 2014 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 40 "I actually looked at [IMDb’s STARmeter] about midway through Music of the Heart (before it had come out) and saw this huge dip and it was exactly where I had been doing remakes but not directing myself. And that was a large part of my decision to start directing again and stop with the remakes business. We all know there was a huge financial crash. Part of that was just getting myself and my family back on our feet because they were good business propositions but I realized I was losing my audience in a way by not being the chief creative hand and not doing original material. I definitely felt that by looking at [IMDb STARmeter]. I said I have to either retire or get back to making movies yourself. I would attribute that [decision to return to directing] almost directly to seeing that [IMDb STARmeter]. It was so graphically laid out." — Wes Craven Titles: We Need to Talk About Kevin People: Wes Craven Photo by Andrew H. Walker © 2011 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 41 "It's an industry staple, IMDB. How did we cope without it? Did we cope without it? Was there a time before IMDb?" — Russell Brand People: Russell Brand Photo by Kevin Mazur © 2012 Kevin Mazur - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 42 "I am an IMDbPro member and I use it for all different things. I don’t know a person who doesn’t use [IMDbPro]. It’s a tremendous resource for me in getting information and making creative choices." — Jake Gyllenhaal Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: Jake Gyllenhaal Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 43 "For those of us who don’t have encyclopedic memories (like some people I know) about cinema, [IMDb] is your encyclopedia of film. It’s a great tool." — Uma Thurman People: Uma Thurman © 2017 - Valery Hache - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 44 "I use it a lot. I love you, IMDb ... a little too much!" — Josh Brolin People: Josh Brolin Photo by Image Group LA © 2017 Disney Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved. 45 “I actually use IMDbPro because it’s worth the extra money. It’s such a full encyclopedia of knowledge about films and actors. I know tons of people that aren’t in this business that have IMDb accounts and IMDbPro accounts because [this industry] is so much a part of our world. It’s such a part of our daily language and life. [IMDb is] your reference, your guide, it’s your movie Bible. Happy Birthday, IMDb! What would we do without you?” — Blake Lively People: Blake Lively Photo by Pascal Le Segretain © 2016 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 46 “I go to IMDb more than you should. I go at least a couple of times a day. Sometimes many more than that. It’s because of the things I talk about with folks. I’m always dealing with actors, movies and what not. And I want to find out things about people and projects. It’s my go-to place to find out all kinds of information.” — Danny DeVito Titles: The IMDb Studio at Sundance People: Danny DeVito Photo by Angela Weiss © 2016 Angela Weiss - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 47 “I think it’s just -- hands down -- the most comprehensive destination website for industry information” — Zachary Quinto Titles: Who We Are Now People: Zachary Quinto Photo by Phillip Faraone © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 48 “I hit it everyday. It’s my homepage. It’s an insanely useful tool ... IMDb practically cured cancer ... IMDb gets people jobs.” — Kevin Smith People: Kevin Smith Photo by Rich Polk © 2017 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 49 “It’s hard to imagine any filmmaker who wouldn’t be using [IMDb] for the way it allows you to traverse the business. It’s a fine idea, well executed and much appreciated.” — Kenneth Branagh Titles: People Like Us People: Kenneth Branagh Photo by Stephen Lovekin © 2012 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com 50 “It’s the most amazing resource that film has ever had. And it didn’t exist 20 years ago.” — Joe Dante Titles: The Hole People: Joe Dante Photo by Ed Araquel © 2009 Ed Araquel/Bold Films 51 “If you’re interested in birds then you go to Audubon. If you’re interested in entertainment, you go to IMDb.” — Tobin Bell People: Tobin Bell Photo by by Manfred Baumann 52 "It was because IMDb had chosen my photo gallery and we got so many clicks that we became the #1 most viewed photo gallery that I was able to raise the rest of the financing for the film." — Eli Roth People: Eli Roth Photo by Larry Busacca © 2015 Getty Images - Image courtesy gettyimages.com Related Links · Press Room · About IMDb · IMDb in the News · IMDb Sizzle Reel · Press Releases · Col Needham: IMDb Founder and CEO · IMDb's Expert Editor · IMDb Mobile Pull Quotes · Press Pull Quotes · Col Needham Pull Quotes · Celebrity Quotes · Press Inquiries Company Info · Brand Guidelines · IMDbPro · IMDbPro Brand Guidelines · Box Office Mojo · IMDb Developer · X-Ray for Movies & TV · IMDb Stats Celebrities Talk About IMDb "IMDb is such an invaluable resource for everyone who goes to see films and everyone who works in films." — Felicity Jones See more celebrity quotes Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.