Pride and Prejudice (TV Mini Series 1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112130/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=12230b0e-0e00-43ed-9e59-8d5353703cce&pf_rd_r=F1T92JWP35CW5954KDW6&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=toptv&ref_=chttvtp_tt_52
Pride and Prejudice (TV Mini Series 1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Pride and Prejudice TV Mini Series 19951995 TV-PGTV-PG 5h 27m IMDb RATING 8.8/10 80K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 900 24 Episode guide Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics All topics Play trailer1:21 3 Videos 60 Photos DramaRomance While the arrival of wealthy gentlemen sends her marriage-minded mother into a frenzy, willful and opinionated Elizabeth Bennet matches wits with haughty Mr. Darcy.While the arrival of wealthy gentlemen sends her marriage-minded mother into a frenzy, willful and opinionated Elizabeth Bennet matches wits with haughty Mr. Darcy.While the arrival of wealthy gentlemen sends her marriage-minded mother into a frenzy, willful and opinionated Elizabeth Bennet matches wits with haughty Mr. Darcy. IMDb RATING 8.8/10 80K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 900 24 Stars Colin Firth Jennifer Ehle Susannah Harker Top credits Stars Colin Firth Jennifer Ehle Susannah Harker See production, box office & company info 449User reviews 19Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated TV #52 Won 1 Primetime Emmy 9 wins & 13 nominations total Episodes6 Browse episodes TopTop-rated 1 Season 1995 Videos3 Trailer 1:21 Pride And Prejudice Trailer 1:04 Pride And Prejudice (German Trailer) Trailer 1:16 Pride and Prejudice Photos60 Top cast Edit Colin Firth Mr Darcyas Mr Darcy6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Jennifer Ehle Elizabeth Bennetas Elizabeth Bennet6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Susannah Harker Jane Bennetas Jane Bennet6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Julia Sawalha Lydia Bennetas Lydia Bennet6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Alison Steadman Mrs. Bennetas Mrs. Bennet6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Benjamin Whitrow Mr. Bennetas Mr. Bennet6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Crispin Bonham-Carter Mr Bingleyas Mr Bingley6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Polly Maberly Kitty Bennetas Kitty Bennet6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Lucy Briers Mary Bennetas Mary Bennet6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Anna Chancellor Miss Bingleyas Miss Bingley6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Lucy Robinson Mrs Hurstas Mrs Hurst6 episodes6 eps • 1995 Adrian Lukis Wickhamas Wickham…5 episodes5 eps • 1995 David Bamber Mr Collinsas Mr Collins5 episodes5 eps • 1995 Lucy Scott Charlotte Lucasas Charlotte Lucas5 episodes5 eps • 1995 Lucy Davis Maria Lucasas Maria Lucas5 episodes5 eps • 1995 Emilia Fox Georgiana Darcyas Georgiana Darcy4 episodes4 eps • 1995 Marlene Sidaway Hillas Hill…4 episodes4 eps • 1995 Barbara Leigh-Hunt Lady Catherine de Bourghas Lady Catherine de Bourgh4 episodes4 eps • 1995 All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.8 Pride & Prejudice 7.7 Sense and Sensibility 8.6 North & South 8.1 Emma 8.0 Sense and Sensibility: Deleted Scenes 8.0 Sense & Sensibility 7.2 Northanger Abbey 6.7 Emma 7.1 Mansfield Park 7.0 Becoming Jane 8.3 Jane Eyre 7.3 Jane Eyre Storyline Edit Jane Austen's classic novel about the prejudice that occurred between the 19th century classes and the pride which would keep lovers apart. —John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> tv mini seriesclass consciousnesslove hatematchmakingopposites attract39 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Drama Romance Certificate TV-PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Anna Chancellor (Miss Bingley) is actually related to Jane Austen. Chancellor is a direct descendant of Austen's elder brother, Edward. Goofs In the marriage proposal scene the clock on the mantel doesn't change time. It remains at 6:16 throughout the scene. Quotes Miss Bingley: I believe I can guess your thoughts at this moment. Mr. Darcy: I should imagine not. Miss Bingley: You are thinking how insupportable it would be to spend many evenings in such tedious company. Mr. Darcy: No, indeed, my mind was more agreeably engaged. I've been meditating on the very great pleasure which a pair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow. Miss Bingley: And may one dare ask whose the eyes that inspire these reflections? Mr. Darcy: Miss Elizabeth Bennet's. Miss Bingley: Miss Elizabeth Bennet. I am all astonishment. Connections Featured in Pride & Prejudice: From Page to Screen (1995) Soundtracks Pride and Prejudice (Opening title music) Composed by Carl Davis Performed by Melvyn Tan User reviews449 Review Top review 10/10 Doing justice to Jane Austen. This is a drama to rave about. I've not seen its like on television before; nor do I expect to see its like again. It was superb. It was almost perfect - though not quite. It is rare to find a Jane Austen dramatisation that comes so near to being perfect on every level and that stays so true to the original novel. The greater part of the dialogue in the series is Jane Austen's own and every scene is included and follows the same chronological order. The drama departs from the novel in only two instances. In order to extend our knowledge of the characters of Darcy(Colin Firth), and Mr Collins(David Bamber), two scenes are added; to demonstrate that Darcy is not just an effete aristocrat but a real man worthy of Elizabeth's love we are shown him indulging in manly pursuits; fencing, and swimming in his private lake (it puzzles me why so many women seem to drool over his wet-shirt scene); and to demonstrate that Mr Collins is an idiotic, narrow- minded prude we are shown him trembling with embarrassment and horror when he happens to come across Lydia (Julia Sawalha) in a state of dishabille. David Bamber makes Mr Collins deliciously toadying and obsequious. A remarkable piece of acting. It is its faithfulness to the original that makes this drama so good. No one has ever written a more tightly plotted novel. Its series of climaxes make the novel difficult to put down; just as one plot-line reaches its climactic conclusion, another is building. And the duel of wits and sharp dialogue between Darcy and Elizabeth (Jennifer Ehle) as they get to know each other is entrancing. And then comes that moment. She is at the piano befriending Darcy's sister, Georgiana (Emilia Fox), when he holds her gaze with a silent declaration of his love and admiration. This involved a fine piece of editor-timing; a split second either way, either too long or too short, and the poignancy of that moment would have been lost. It is interesting to compare Colin Firth's Darcy with that of Lawrence Olivier's Darcy in the Hollywood film. Olivier falsely portraits him as appealingly shy and self-conscious. But Darcy was in no way shy, he was just proud, with every reason to have a good opinion of himself. He found it impossible to imagine that anyone in a lower strata of society, living in a small provincial town, could be his equal - until he met Elizabeth! However, I felt there was one weak link in the chain of superb acting; Alison steadman. Many will disagree but I think she over-acted, turning her Mrs Bennet into a nerve- grating, neurasthenic caricature. But apart from that, I heartily recommend this video. Don't miss it. You'll not see its like again. I must just mention the charming piano music by Carl Davis, so beautifully evocative of a beautiful period in history (for the rich). helpful•189 4 keng5 May 23, 2005 FAQ2 Are the women really overweight? Or do their dresses merely give them that appearance? What are the titles for the songs that the various characters play and sing? Details Edit Release date September 24, 1995 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official sites BBC (United Kingdom) PBS (United States) Language English Also known as Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice Filming locations Lyme Park, Disley, Cheshire, England, UK Production companies British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) Chestermead See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 5 hours 27 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news ‘Saturday Night Live’ Tackles Aaron Rodgers’ Controversial Covid Stance, Dionne Warwick Cameos Nov 7Variety Film + TV ‘Spencer’ Producer Paul Webster On Difficulty Getting Princess Diana Pic Into Production: “No British Funders Supported Us” Oct 12Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the French language plot outline for Pride and Prejudice (1995)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Add episode More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.