Pride & Prejudice (2005) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0414387/
Pride & Prejudice (2005) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Pride & Prejudice 20052005 PGPG 2h 9m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 276K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 152 139 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 5 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance Sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet meets single, rich, and proud Mr. Darcy. But Mr. Darcy reluctantly finds himself falling in love with a woman beneath his class. Can each overcome t... Read allSparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet meets single, rich, and proud Mr. Darcy. But Mr. Darcy reluctantly finds himself falling in love with a woman beneath his class. Can each overcome their own pride and prejudice?Sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet meets single, rich, and proud Mr. Darcy. But Mr. Darcy reluctantly finds himself falling in love with a woman beneath his class. Can each overcome their own pride and prejudice? IMDb RATING 7.8/10 276K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 152 139 Director Joe Wright Writers Deborah Moggach(screenplay by) Jane Austen(based on the novel by) Emma Thompson(additional dialogue) Stars Keira Knightley Matthew Macfadyen Brenda Blethyn Top credits Director Joe Wright Writers Deborah Moggach(screenplay by) Jane Austen(based on the novel by) Emma Thompson(additional dialogue) Stars Keira Knightley Matthew Macfadyen Brenda Blethyn See production, box office & company info 1.2KUser reviews 105Critic reviews 82Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 4 Oscars 13 wins & 59 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 0:31 Pride & Prejudice Trailer 0:31 Pride & Prejudice Trailer 2:27 Pride & Prejudice Clip 0:40 Pride & Prejudice Clip 0:55 Pride & Prejudice Photos217 Top cast Edit Keira Knightley Elizabeth Bennetas Elizabeth Bennet Matthew Macfadyen Mr. Darcyas Mr. Darcy Brenda Blethyn Mrs. Bennetas Mrs. Bennet Donald Sutherland Mr. Bennetas Mr. Bennet Talulah Riley Mary Bennetas Mary Bennet Rosamund Pike Jane Bennetas Jane Bennet Jena Malone Lydia Bennetas Lydia Bennet Carey Mulligan Kitty Bennetas Kitty Bennet Claudie Blakley Charlotte Lucasas Charlotte Lucas Sylvester Morand Sir William Lucasas Sir William Lucas Simon Woods Mr. Bingleyas Mr. Bingley Kelly Reilly Caroline Bingleyas Caroline Bingley Pip Torrens Netherfield Butleras Netherfield Butler Janet Whiteside Mrs. Hillas Mrs. Hill Sinead Matthews Betsyas Betsy Roy Holder Mr. Hillas Mr. Hill Rupert Friend Mr. Wickhamas Mr. Wickham Tom Hollander Mr. Collinsas Mr. Collins Director Joe Wright Writers Deborah Moggach(screenplay by) Jane Austen(based on the novel by) Emma Thompson(additional dialogue) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Through the Lens of 'Darkest Hour' Director Joe Wright Through the Lens of 'Darkest Hour' Director Joe Wright See how director Joe Wright uses his signature tracking shots to set up a visual narrative for his films, including Atonement, The Soloist, and Hanna.Watch the video 1:33 More like this 7.8 Atonement 8.8 Pride and Prejudice 6.6 Anna Karenina 7.8 Little Women 7.7 Sense and Sensibility 7.8 The Notebook 7.4 Me Before You 7.3 10 Things I Hate About You 7.2 Love, Rosie 7.0 Becoming Jane 7.5 Brooklyn 7.3 Jane Eyre Storyline Edit The story is based on Jane Austen's novel about five sisters - Jane (Rosamund Pike), Elizabeth (Keira Knightley), Mary (Talulah Riley), Kitty (Carey Mulligan), and Lydia Bennet (Jena Malone) - in Georgian England. Their lives are turned upside down when wealthy young Mr. Bingley (Simon Woods) and his best friend, Mr. Darcy (Matthew Macfadyen), arrive in their neighborhood. —Marcy Gomez pride and prejudiceenglandgentlemanbachelorprejudice75 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines This holiday season, experience the greatest love story of all time. Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for some mild thematic elements Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Joe Wright was not initially keen on Keira Knightley playing Elizabeth, believing her to be too attractive. He changed his mind upon meeting her, deciding her tomboyish attitude would be perfect for the part. Or, as she tells it on The Graham Norton Show (2007) : "He initially thought I was too pretty, but then he met me and said 'Oh, no you're fine!'." Goofs During the ballroom scene, when Lizzy and Charlotte bump into Mr Darcy and he asks Lizzie to dance with him, if you turn the volume up you can hear the crew members discussing the position of the boom in the background. Quotes Mr. Darcy: You must know... surely, you must know it was all for you. You are too generous to trifle with me. I believe you spoke with my aunt last night, and it has taught me to hope as I'd scarcely allowed myself before. If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once. My affections and wishes have not changed, but one word from you will silence me forever. If, however, your feelings have changed, I will have to tell you: you have bewitched me, body and soul, and I love--I love--I love you. I never wish to be parted from you from this day on. Crazy credits Thanks to ... The Dromgoole family ... all at Sands Films ... Andrew and Pippa Reis and family ... the residents and businesses of Stamford Lincolnshire. Alternate versions US version has a different ending: after Mr. Bennet and Elizabeth's conversation, a scene follows where Darcy and "Mrs. Darcy" are at Pemberly talking about their happiness. Connections Featured in Pride and Prejudice Revisited (2005) Soundtracks Meryton Townhall (uncredited) Written by Dario Marianelli Performed by English Chamber Orchestra [Plays during the first dance at Meryton ball] User reviews1.2K Review Top review 10/10 Jane Austen for ever Jane Austen's tale of love and economics reaches us once more with the energy of a thorough novelty. "Pride and Prejudice" has been a favorite novel of mine since I first read it and I've seen Laurence Olivier and Greer Garson, Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle and now Matthew MacFadyen and Kiera Knightly. Amazingly enough I've never been disappointed. The material seems to be full proof. Colin Firth's Darcy, in many ways, is the Darcy I've always imagined. He's been an actor I've followed feverishly since his glorious Adrian LeDuc in "Apartment Zero", Matthew MacFadyen was totally new to me but he managed to create that sense of longing that makes that final pay off so satisfying. Kiera Knightly is a ravishing revelation. I must confess, I didn't remotely imagined that she was capable of the powerful range she brilliantly shows here. The other big surprise is Joe Wright, the director, in his feature film debut which is more than promising, it's extraordinary. The photography, the art direction and the spectacular supporting cast, in particular Donald Sutherland and Brenda Blethyn, makes this new version of a perennial classic a memorable evening at the movies helpful•411 161 katiemeyer1979 Nov 17, 2005 FAQ4 How old are Lizzy and Darcy? What is Darcy's first name? Is it true Emma Thompson worked on the script? Details Edit Release date September 16, 2005 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin France United Kingdom United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site (United Kingdom) Language English Also known as 傲慢与偏见 Filming locations Chatsworth House, Edensor, Derbyshire, England, UK Production companies Focus Features Universal Pictures StudioCanal See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $28,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $38,405,088 Opening weekend US & Canada $2,804,000 Nov 13, 2005 Gross worldwide $121,616,555 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Peacock’s European Flight on Sky TV Lifts Off in U.K., Ireland This Week Nov 15Variety Film + TV Camerimage Chief Calls for ‘Renaissance’ After ‘Plague’ as In-Person Film Festival Opens Nov 14Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Pride & Prejudice (2005) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.