Prince of Darkness (1987) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093777/
Prince of Darkness (1987) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Prince of Darkness 19871987 RR 1h 42m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 41K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,070 588 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:51 3 Videos 99+ Photos Horror A group of graduate students and scientists uncover an ancient canister in an abandoned church, but when they open the container, they inadvertently unleash a strange liquid and an evil forc... Read allA group of graduate students and scientists uncover an ancient canister in an abandoned church, but when they open the container, they inadvertently unleash a strange liquid and an evil force on all humanity.A group of graduate students and scientists uncover an ancient canister in an abandoned church, but when they open the container, they inadvertently unleash a strange liquid and an evil force on all humanity. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 41K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,070 588 Director John Carpenter Writer John Carpenter Stars Donald Pleasence Lisa Blount Jameson Parker Top credits Director John Carpenter Writer John Carpenter Stars Donald Pleasence Lisa Blount Jameson Parker See production, box office & company info 301User reviews 206Critic reviews 50Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 2 nominations Videos3 Trailer 1:51 Prince Of Darkness Trailer 1:52 Prince of Darkness Clip 4:54 Through the Lens: Defining Carpenteresque and Why It Belongs in the Dictionary Photos127 Top cast Edit Donald Pleasence Priestas Priest Lisa Blount Catherine Danforthas Catherine Danforth Jameson Parker Brian Marshas Brian Marsh Victor Wong Prof. Howard Birackas Prof. Howard Birack Dennis Dun Walteras Walter Susan Blanchard Kellyas Kelly Anne Marie Howard Susan Cabotas Susan Cabot (as Anne Howard) Ann Yen Lisaas Lisa Ken Wright Lomaxas Lomax Dirk Blocker Mullinsas Mullins Jessie Lawrence Ferguson Calderas Calder Peter Jason Dr. Paul Leahyas Dr. Paul Leahy Robert Grasmere Frank Wyndhamas Frank Wyndham Thom Bray Etchinsonas Etchinson Joanna Merlin Bag Ladyas Bag Lady Alice Cooper Street Schizoas Street Schizo Betty Ramey Nunas Nun Director John Carpenter Writer John Carpenter All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.2 In the Mouth of Madness 6.8 The Fog 6.7 Christine 7.0 Starman 7.3 They Live 7.3 Big Trouble in Little China 7.4 Assault on Precinct 13 6.1 Vampires 7.2 Escape from New York 6.0 Memoirs of an Invisible Man 5.6 Village of the Damned 6.3 Dark Star Storyline Edit A sinister secret has been kept in the basement of an abandoned Los Angeles church for many years. With the death of a priest belonging to a mysterious sect, another priest opens the door to the basement and discovers a vat containing a green liquid. The priest contacts a group of physics graduate students to investigate it. Unfortunately, they discover that the liquid contains the essence of Satan himself, and they also discover that he will release HIS father - an all-powerful Anti-God! The liquid later comes to life itself, turning some of the students into zombies as the Devil comes forward to release his father. Will these students be able to stop him? —Derek O'Cain reference to schrodinger's catsupernaturalnunpriestneck snapped129 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Where are you...? Christ? Genre Horror Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Screenwriter John Carpenter is credited as "Martin Quatermass". The pseudonym is a homage to Professor Bernard Quatermass, the lead character of The Quatermass Experiment (1953) and several subsequent TV series and film versions. In the original press notes he was described as 'the brother of Professor Bernard Quatermass, head of the British rocket programme.' In a further nod to Carpenter's influences, the character Wyndham is named after science-fiction author John Wyndham and Anne Howard's character is named after the star of The Wasp Woman (1959), Susan Cabot. Goofs (at around 1h 29 mins) After Walter crawls through the hole in the closet with "possessed" Lisa in tow, they're both in the other room with Prof. Birak, all standing up. You can see the obvious doubling of "short Lisa" by a stuntman - she's suddenly much bigger and taller than the two other men. Quotes Voice: This is not a dream... not a dream. We are using your brain's electrical system as a receiver. We are unable to transmit through conscious neural interference. You are receiving this broadcast as a dream. We are transmitting from the year one, nine, nine, nine. You are receiving this broadcast in order to alter the events you are seeing. Our technology has not developed a transmitter strong enough to reach your conscious state of awareness, but this is not a dream. You are seeing what is actually occurring for the purpose of causality violation. Crazy credits The opening credits last for nine minutes. Alternate versions Television version is slightly reedited, suggesting that all that takes place in the film is just a dream that Jameson Parker's having: after the opening credits there a new shot showing Parker's house from the outside (the theatrical version opens with a shot of Parker trying to perform a card trick). at the beginning, after Parker watches on TV a program reporting the discovery of a new supernova, the narration goes on talking about the death of a millionaire and the discovery of a religious book in his library all mentions of the dead priest, member of the Brotherhood of Sleep who took care of the church where the evil liquid is kept hidden, are deleted; during the whole film, there are new inserted sequences showing Parker sleeping/dreaming in his bed Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Sicilian/Prince of Darkness/No Man's Land/The Glass Menagerie/The Whales of August (1987) Soundtracks Prince of Darkness Written by Alice Cooper and Kane Roberts Performed by Alice Cooper Produced by Michael Wagener Courtesy of MCA Records (C) 1987 Ensign Music Corporation, Ezra Music Inc. Screen Gems Music - EMI Music Inc. User reviews301 Review Top review Carpenter's best work . . . John Carpenter's made some great horror films, and Prince of Darkness is my hands-down favorite Carpenter flick. First and foremost, the music does it for me every time. Sometimes Carpenter's score do miss their mark, but this time, the music is dead on perfect. Beyond this, the movie overall is wonderful. The opening title sequence (which does extend quite a bit into the film itself) does a great job of setting up the characters and the beginning of the drama at hand. Once the film picks up, it really doesn't let you go until the end, and even then, to the very last shot, the film reminds you that, for the briefest of moments, it had you. Oh, it had you. Alice Cooper makes his first theatrical film appearance with this film, but he appears briefly. Instead, the film centers mostly around Brian Marsh, a grad student brought in as part of a group of collegiate-types to investigate something dark and sinister in the basement of an old church. A lot of people I know pan his performance, but I felt Jameson (TV's "Simon & Simon") Parker's performance was solid and that look of confusion he wears throughout a bulk of the picture seems appropriate to the events unfolding around his character. Donald Pleasance's presence as a Catholic priest who begrudgingly recruits the team of college students and professors, scientists and theorists, adds a sense of credibility to the threat involved, as well as the film itself. And Victor Wong - he's just fun to watch. I love this movie. helpful•102 45 brother_d_73 Oct 30, 2004 FAQ3 Who is the character shown in the main poster in IMDb? Details Edit Release date October 23, 1987 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official site Peacock Languages English Latin Also known as John Carpenter's Prince of Darkness Filming locations LA Artcore, 120 Judge John Aiso Street, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Alive Films Larry Franco Productions Haunted Machine Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $14,182,492 Opening weekend US & Canada $4,657,401 Oct 25, 1987 Gross worldwide $14,182,492 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 42 minutes Color Color Sound mix Ultra Stereo Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Genre-Bending Drama ‘Angel City’ In The Works At The CW From Craig Plestis, Damon Wayans Jr., Corinne Brinkerhoff, Jen Braeden & Heather Thomason Nov 4Deadline Film + TV Halloween 2021 Programming: Frightening Films & TV Shows On Cable And Screaming – Er, Streaming – This October Oct 20Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Prince of Darkness (1987) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.