Prisoners (2013) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1392214/trivia/?ref_=tt_ql_trv
Prisoners (2013) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Prisoners (2013) Trivia Showing all 36 items Jump to: Spoilers (8) Jake Gyllenhaal and Denis Villeneuve had such a great time doing Enemy (2013) that Villeneuve cast him for this movie without any audition. 666 of 676 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Detective Loki's tattoos, Freemason ring, and facial tics were all Jake Gyllenhaal's ideas. 538 of 546 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Ryan Gosling auditioned for the role of Detective Loki which later went to Jake Gyllenhaal, a frequent collaborator of director Denis Villeneuve (and a friendly professional rival of Gosling's, being that they often audition for the same roles). Villeneuve and Gosling would finally get their chance to work together in Blade Runner 2049 (2017). 340 of 344 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options To play Holly Jones, Melissa Leo wore a grey wig and a foam rubber posterior prepared by costume designer Renée April in order to "ground" her character. Leo also requested the props assistants to avoid cleaning her glasses after each day's shooting. 302 of 310 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to screenwriter Aaron Guzikowski, the original cut of the film was three hours. 365 of 376 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The screenplay for this film was featured in the 2009 Blacklist, a list of the "most liked" unmade scripts of the year. 322 of 339 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to screenwriter Aaron Guzikowski, Detective Loki grew up in a boys home and didn't really have a family. He's a prisoner of his own past with his own demons. 268 of 282 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Detective Loki is clearly visible in many scenes wearing a Freemasons ring on his left hand. 726 of 778 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options After filming had been completed, the costume and prop departments donated all of the clothing and props to Fodac Thrift Store in Tucker, Georgia. 232 of 248 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Mark Wahlberg and Christian Bale were set to star, with Bryan Singer directing, but the two actors opted to make The Fighter (2010) instead. 461 of 504 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In this film, a detective named Loki obsessively tries to find two kidnapped children. In Norse Mythology there is a tale (Loka Táttur) where the god Loki persistently tries to protect a child from a giant named Skrymir after Odin and Hönir had both tried and given up on the task. 484 of 533 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Leonardo DiCaprio was attached to the project for a long time, but he dropped out. 479 of 536 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Hugh Jackman portrays a father whose daughter is kidnapped and missing in this film. He was originally attached to play a similar role in The Lovely Bones (2009), but dropped out. That role was filled by Mark Wahlberg, who at one point was attached to play the lead role in this film. 441 of 510 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Hugh Jackman was attached to the project with Antoine Fuqua directing. Both dropped out. After several years in development, Jackman returned in the lead role. 231 of 265 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Detective Loki's cards reveal his full name to be David Wayne Loki. 291 of 338 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When detective Loki is looking through the notebook he finds at Bob Taylor's, the last page you see has a character drawn on it that looks a lot like the rabbit from Jake Gyllenhaal's movie Donnie Darko (2001). 291 of 339 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film cast includes two Oscar winners: Melissa Leo and Viola Davis; and three Oscar nominees: Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Terrence Howard. 145 of 166 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The byline of one of the newspaper articles shown in the film is "Aaron Guzikowski," the film's screenwriter. 149 of 171 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The name of Alex Jones' aunt is Holly Jones. Holly Jones is also the name of a ten-year old girl who was kidnapped and murdered in Toronto in 2003. 433 of 516 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options There are no opening credits, just the title of the movie. 278 of 338 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When Keller Dover finds a newspaper in Holly Jones's house, the article's stated author is field reporter Aaron Guzikowski, which is the name of the screenwriter of the film. 46 of 52 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Detective Loki (Jake Gyllenhaal) has zodiacal sign symbols tattooed on his right hand fingers (Leo, Scorpio, Aries, Virgo). Jake Gyllenhaal starred in Zodiac (2007) directed by David Fincher. 148 of 196 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The two main mothers in the film are named Nancy and Grace, a possible nod to true crime commentator Nancy Grace. 25 of 42 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Timothée Chalamet auditioned for a role. 8 of 11 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Keller Dover owns a home that he inherited from his deceased father. Its location is on "Campello Street." The film's screenwriter Aaron Guzikowski was born in Brockton, MA, which has a prominent neighborhood known as "Campello." 36 of 94 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Three of the main actors in the film have been seen in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Hugh Jackman famously plays Wolverine/Logan in the X-Men series, Terrence Howard starred as Rhodey in Iron Man (2008) (before being replaced by Don Cheadle in the film's sequels), and Jake Gyllenhaal played Mysterio in Spider-Man: Far from Home (2019). In addition, Viola Davis has appeared in the DCEU as Amanda Waller in Suicide Squad (2016). David Dastmalchian has appeared in both the MCU as Kurt in the Ant-Man series (2015-2018) and the DCEU as Abner Krill/Polka-Dot Man in The Suicide Squad (2021) and Joker's Thug in The Dark Knight (2008). 59 of 165 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jessica Chastain was rumored for a role. 100 of 364 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Zoë Soul's debut. Is this interesting? Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spoilers The trivia items below may give away important plot points. The moment where Holly asks Keller to drink a little more was improvised by Melissa Leo, who thought Hugh Jackman wasn't drinking enough to make the situation believable. 692 of 698 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first time it was submitted to the MPAA, it received an NC-17 rating, due to its tone and subject matter. The film's torture scenes were later cut by a couple of frames, along with scenes suggesting pedophilia, and it then received the R-rating. 624 of 637 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Paul Dano admits to being attracted to roles of this nature (learning difficulties, screaming, nonsensical ranting) and says he draws on his own personal and private experiences to perfect these recurring roles. 441 of 453 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Originally, Keller Dover was never discovered by police at end. He would have remained a missing person and died. 561 of 580 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options For the hammer scene, Hugh Jackman was asked by Denis Villeneuve to be completely ferocious for the next take. That take was used in the final film. 739 of 775 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The name Keller is also the German word for basement or cellar. A couple of basements are seen in the film, including Keller's, which is full of survival supplies. Keller himself ends up trapped in a cellar. 180 of 191 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options (At about 1 h 25 min) Detective Loki finds an article about the death of Keller's father, William Dover. The article reads as follows: HEADLINE: Graterford Guard Commits Suicide In Home ARTICLE: A Pennsylvania State correction officer was found dead Monday morning in his Conyers apartment, apparently of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, the police reported. The correction officer, William Dover, 46 years old, was found by his wife, Mary and his teenage son, in their apartment at 234 Campello Street. No suicide note was found, the police said. Officials at Graterford prison where Mr. Dover had worked for the past fourteen years declined to comment. 169 of 184 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Near the beginning of the film, Detective Loki finds Alex Jones in his camper at a rest stop. After Alex floors the gas and crashes his RV into a tree, he is taken into custody. When officers return to the scene, in the background of the shot, we can see a billboard that advertises knee surgery, stating: "Aching Knee? We can restore it." Near the climax of the film, Holly Jones shoots Keller Dover in the left knee before he is forced to jump into the pit in her yard. 18 of 45 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Prisoners Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Best mystery thriller movies a list of 30 titles created 03 Dec 2018 Drama/Thriller a list of 49 titles created 5 months ago Need to watch a list of 47 titles created 3 months ago Neaparat revazute a list of 37 titles created 2 days ago Action/Thriller a list of 30 titles created 3 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.