Psycho (1960) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0054215/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_37
Psycho (1960) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Psycho 19601960 RR 1h 49m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 636K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 523 371 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:21 6 Videos 99+ Photos HorrorMysteryThriller A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 636K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 523 371 Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Joseph Stefano(screenplay by) Robert Bloch(based on the novel by) Stars Anthony Perkins Janet Leigh Vera Miles Top credits Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Joseph Stefano(screenplay by) Robert Bloch(based on the novel by) Stars Anthony Perkins Janet Leigh Vera Miles See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 250Critic reviews 97Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #37 Nominated for 4 Oscars 7 wins & 14 nominations total Videos6 Trailer 1:21 Psycho Clip 1:16 'Psycho' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 7:00 Bloody Beginnings of the Summer Camp Slasher Clip 2:27 A Guide to the Films of Alfred Hitchcock Interview 3:25 'The New Mutants' Cast Reveal Characters & Film Inspirations Video 1:51 Top 5 Most Terrifying Performances According to Alex Wolff Photos287 Top cast Edit Anthony Perkins Norman Batesas Norman Bates Janet Leigh Marion Craneas Marion Crane Vera Miles Lila Craneas Lila Crane John Gavin Sam Loomisas Sam Loomis Martin Balsam Det. Milton Arbogastas Det. Milton Arbogast John McIntire Sheriff Al Chambersas Sheriff Al Chambers Simon Oakland Dr. Fred Richmanas Dr. Fred Richman Frank Albertson Tom Cassidyas Tom Cassidy Patricia Hitchcock Carolineas Caroline (as Pat Hitchcock) Vaughn Taylor George Loweryas George Lowery Lurene Tuttle Mrs. Chambersas Mrs. Chambers John Anderson California Charlieas California Charlie Mort Mills Highway Patrol Officeras Highway Patrol Officer Fletcher Allen Policeman on Stepsas Policeman on Steps (uncredited) Walter Bacon Church Memberas Church Member (uncredited) Prudence Beers Extraas Extra (uncredited) Kit Carson Extraas Extra (uncredited) Francis De Sales Deputy District Attorney Alan Deatsas Deputy District Attorney Alan Deats (uncredited) Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Joseph Stefano(screenplay by) Robert Bloch(based on the novel by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro 'Psycho' Scenes: Watch the Mashup 'Psycho' Scenes: Watch the Mashup Take a look iconic moments from Alfred Hitchcock's film with Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, and Vera Miles.Watch the video 1:16 More like this 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 Vertigo 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.4 The Shining 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 6.5 Psycho II 8.5 Back to the Future 5.4 Psycho III 8.5 Casablanca 4.6 Psycho 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 8.9 Pulp Fiction Storyline Edit Phoenix office worker Marion Crane is fed up with the way life has treated her. She has to meet her lover Sam in lunch breaks, and they cannot get married because Sam has to give most of his money away in alimony. One Friday, Marion is trusted to bank forty thousand dollars by her employer. Seeing the opportunity to take the money and start a new life, Marion leaves town and heads towards Sam's California store. Tired after the long drive and caught in a storm, she gets off the main highway and pulls into the Bates Motel. The motel is managed by a quiet young man called Norman who seems to be dominated by his mother. —Col Needham <col@imdb.com> motelshowermoneymaniacstabbed with a knife317 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The picture you MUST see from the beginning... Or not at all!... For no one will be seated after the start of... Alfred Hitchcock's greatest shocker Psycho. Genres Horror Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Sir Alfred Hitchcock was so pleased with the score written by Bernard Herrmann that he doubled the composer's salary to $34,501. Hitchcock later said, "Thirty-three percent of the effect of Psycho was due to the music." Goofs When Lila approaches Mother in the fruit cellar, Mrs. Bates is seated in a four-legged chair. After Lila touches the corpse, it slowly spins around as if it's sitting on a swiveling chair. The effect was achieved by a prop man lying on his back rotating a camera head with wheels underneath Mother. Quotes [last lines] Norma Bates: [voiceover in police custody, as Norman is thinking] It's sad, when a mother has to speak the words that condemn her own son. But I couldn't allow them to believe that I would commit murder. They'll put him away now, as I should have years ago. He was always bad, and in the end he intended to tell them I killed those girls and that man... as if I could do anything but just sit and stare, like one of his stuffed birds. They know I can't move a finger, and I won't. I'll just sit here and be quiet, just in case they do... suspect me. They're probably watching me. Well, let them. Let them see what kind of a person I am. I'm not even going to swat that fly. I hope they are watching... they'll see. They'll see and they'll know, and they'll say, "Why, she wouldn't even harm a fly..." Crazy credits Opening credits prologue: PHOENIX, ARIZONA FRIDAY, DECEMBER THE ELEVENTH TWO FORTY-THREE P.M. Alternate versions On the Universal DVD, Norman can be heard (not seen) screaming "I'm Norma Bates!" as Sam Loomis rushes in to stop him from murdering Lila. The scream is not present in at least some release prints. Connections Edited into Psycho II (1983) User reviews1.4K Review Top review 9/10 Perkins Is Remarkable Most modern-day horror films make the killer to be an absolutely inhuman, grotesque, unimaginable monster in order to scare the audience out of its wits. Most of the time, however, these stereotypes create a generic murderer a raving, ranting, clearly demented psychopath. One of the few memorable cinematic killers that does not adhere to these restraints and cliches is, of course, Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal Lecter, whom manages to effectively cause the audience to recoil without such drek as the aforementioned devices. Anthony Perkins' skillfully crafts his performance as Norman Bates, avoiding a ranting, raving, drooling, murder-happy, manic characterization; instead his performance as Norman is subtle, creepy, cool, and unsettling. He is brilliant; from his quiet conversations with Marion Crane amidst the stuffed birds, to his weasling wimpiness when confronted by Arbogast, his performance is so exact that it chills the viewer, all without the unnecessary disturbing images prevalent in more modern films (read The Cell, Henry: Portrait of A Serial Killer). Perkin's fine performance, a tight script, and Bernstein's classic score make Psycho a film that is now and will always be remembered as one of the pinnacles of the horror genre. helpful•269 71 darkjosh Sep 12, 2000 FAQ18 What is 'Psycho' about? Is "Psycho" based on a book? Why does Marion steal the money? Details Edit Release date September 8, 1960 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Facebook Language English Also known as 惊魂记 Filming locations Psycho House, Backlot, Universal Studios - 100 Universal City Plaza, Universal City, California, USA Production company Shamley Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $806,947 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $32,000,000 Gross worldwide $32,041,845 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 49 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Feature: The Family That Slays Together Stays Together! Nov 10Nerdly Halloween Parade II Oct 29Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Psycho (1960) in Spain?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.