Pulp Fiction (1994) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110912/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_8
Pulp Fiction (1994) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Pulp Fiction 19941994 RR 2h 34m IMDb RATING 8.9/10 1.9M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 141 4 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:21 24 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDrama The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption. IMDb RATING 8.9/10 1.9M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 141 4 Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(stories by) Roger Avary(stories by) Stars John Travolta Uma Thurman Samuel L. Jackson Top credits Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(stories by) Roger Avary(stories by) Stars John Travolta Uma Thurman Samuel L. Jackson See production, box office & company info 3.3KUser reviews 302Critic reviews 94Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #8 Won 1 Oscar 70 wins & 75 nominations total Videos24 Trailer 1:21 Official Trailer Clip 3:45 Movie Scavenger Hunt: Can You Find These MCU Easter Eggs? Clip 2:44 A Guide to the Films of Quentin Tarantino Clip 3:20 Who Are the "Hunters"? Clip 1:32 Pulp Fiction | Anniversary Mashup Clip 5:09 How 'Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood' Connects the TarantinoVerse Clip 3:28 What Mindy Kaling Is Watching Clip 3:13 25 Years After 'Pulp Fiction', Tarantino Delivers a 'Hollywood' Masterwork Clip 3:28 Moran Atias Picks Her "Seinfeld" Spirt Animal Clip 1:58 Chris Pratt and Elizabeth Banks Give Movies Lego Remakes Clip 1:48 Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly Solve Movie Mysteries Featurette 0:34 "Watching Tarantino with Tarantino" Photos329 Top cast Edit John Travolta Vincent Vegaas Vincent Vega Uma Thurman Mia Wallaceas Mia Wallace Samuel L. Jackson Jules Winnfieldas Jules Winnfield Bruce Willis Butch Coolidgeas Butch Coolidge Tim Roth Pumpkinas Pumpkin Amanda Plummer Honey Bunnyas Honey Bunny Laura Lovelace Waitressas Waitress Phil LaMarr Marvinas Marvin Frank Whaley Brettas Brett Burr Steers Rogeras Roger Ving Rhames Marsellus Wallaceas Marsellus Wallace Paul Calderon Paulas Paul Bronagh Gallagher Trudias Trudi Rosanna Arquette Jodyas Jody Eric Stoltz Lanceas Lance Jerome Patrick Hoban Ed Sullivanas Ed Sullivan Michael Gilden Phillip Morris Pageas Phillip Morris Page Gary Shorelle Ricky Nelsonas Ricky Nelson Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(stories by) Roger Avary(stories by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Who Almost Starred in 'Pulp Fiction'? Who Almost Starred in 'Pulp Fiction'? We can't imagine anyone besides Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta starring in Quentin Tarantino's cult classic, but that's almost what happened ...Watch now 3:15 More like this 8.8 Fight Club 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.4 Django Unchained 8.6 Se7en 8.8 Inception 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 9.0 The Dark Knight 9.2 The Godfather 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.9 Schindler's List 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 9.0 The Godfather: Part II Storyline Edit Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson) and Vincent Vega (John Travolta) are two hit men who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace (Ving Rhames). Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia (Uma Thurman) out a few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge (Bruce Willis) is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose his fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for incidents. —Soumitra nonlinear timelineoverdosedrug usedrug overdosedrug dealing468 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Girls like me don't make invitations like this to just anyone! Genres Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong graphic violence and drug use, pervasive strong language and some sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Mr. Blonde, a.k.a. Vick Vega, played by Michael Madsen in Reservoir Dogs (1992), is the brother of Vincent Vega. Quentin Tarantino even had a spin-off film in development, titled "Double V Vega", which was a prequel to both movies. This film was scrapped, because both actors were too old to play younger versions of themselves. Goofs (at around 1h 50 mins) In the apartment miracle scene where Jules and Vincent are about to be shot at by the kid in coming out of the adjoining room, there are bullet holes already clearly visible in the wall behind them. Quotes Mia: Don't you hate that? Vincent: What? Mia: Uncomfortable silences. Why do we feel it's necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable? Vincent: I don't know. That's a good question. Mia: That's when you know you've found somebody special. When you can just shut the fuck up for a minute and comfortably enjoy the silence. Crazy credits The coffee shop manager in the robbery scene at the end is credited as "Coffee Shop" because he is cut off as he speaks: "I am not a hero, I'm just a coffee shop--" Alternate versions The Canadian DVD version of the film includes the two alternate scenes mentioned above, plus a few additional ones. A longer scene of Vincent Vega purchasing heroin at Lance (Eric Stoltz)'s house, complaining about how rude people are. Eric's character complains about how he had asked for directions one time and was given incorrect instructions. Another additional scene takes place in Esmarelda's cab, where Butch does a lengthier explanation of how he feels about killing the man in the boxing ring. The other scene included on this DVD takes place at the auto parts yard, where Winston Wolf and the yard owner's daughter flirt and make plans for breakfast. All of the deleted scenes are shown in a separate section of the DVD, introduced by Tarantino, and are not included in the actual film. Connections Edited into You're Still Not Fooling Anybody (1997) Soundtracks Misirlou Written by Fred Wise, Milton Leeds, Bob Russell, and Nicholas Roubanis Performed by Dick Dale & His Del-Tones Courtesy of Rhino Records User reviews3.3K Review Top review It's Wild, It's Chaotic, It's Pulp Fiction!!! My oh my. "Pulp Fiction" is one of those roller-coasters of a movie. It is both a joy and a trial to sit through. Amazingly original and unforgettable, Quentin Tarantino's trash masterpiece never gets old or seem outdated. It put a face on American independent film making in 1994. Miramax had been around since the 1970s and no one had heard of it before this film. Studios went into a panic when this film came out because they knew it would be an amazing hit. Of course it was. Independent film making became the rage and hit its peak in 1996 when four of the five nominated Best Picture films were from independent studios. The screenplay and direction by Tarantino are quite amazing, but the cast makes the film work. John Travolta (Oscar nominated) re-invented his career with this film. Bruce Willis cemented his celebrity. Samuel L. Jackson and Uma Thurman (both Oscar nominees) became marketable superstars. Others who make appearances include: Ving Rhames, Christopher Walken, Eric Stoltz, Rosanna Arquette, Steve Buscemi, Frank Whaley, Harvey Keitel, and of course Quentin Tarantino himself. They all leave lasting impressions as well. Samuel L. Jackson stood out the most to me, his lack of substantial screen time may have cost him the Oscar. Just an amazing accomplishment, all involved deserve recognition. Easily 5 stars out of 5. helpful•321 186 tfrizzell Jun 25, 2000 FAQ32 Why is Mia Wallace (Uma Thurman) the only one on the poster ? Why does Jules call Pumpkin "Ringo"? Why did Brett steal the briefcase? Details Edit Release date October 14, 1994 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Centrumfilmow Official Facebook Languages English Spanish French Also known as 低俗小说 Filming locations 1435 Flower Street, Glendale, California, USA Production companies Miramax A Band Apart Jersey Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $8,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $107,928,762 Opening weekend US & Canada $9,311,882 Oct 16, 1994 Gross worldwide $213,928,762 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 34 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Miramax Sues Quentin Tarantino Over ‘Pulp Fiction’ Nft Auction Nov 16Variety Film + TV Miramax Sues Tarantino Over ‘Pulp Fiction’ NFTs, Says His Team Is Acting ‘Recklessly’ and Greedily’ Nov 16Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Pulp Fiction (1994) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.