Quadrophenia (1979) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079766/
Quadrophenia (1979) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Quadrophenia 19791979 RR 2h IMDb RATING 7.3/10 18K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:32 2 Videos 76 Photos DramaMusic Jimmy loathes his job and parents. He seeks solace with his mod clique, scooter riding and drugs, only to be disappointed.Jimmy loathes his job and parents. He seeks solace with his mod clique, scooter riding and drugs, only to be disappointed.Jimmy loathes his job and parents. He seeks solace with his mod clique, scooter riding and drugs, only to be disappointed. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 18K YOUR RATING Rate Director Franc Roddam Writers Dave Humphries(screenplay) Martin Stellman(screenplay) Franc Roddam(screenplay) Stars Phil Daniels Leslie Ash Phil Davis Top credits Director Franc Roddam Writers Dave Humphries(screenplay) Martin Stellman(screenplay) Franc Roddam(screenplay) Stars Phil Daniels Leslie Ash Phil Davis See production, box office & company info 118User reviews 58Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos2 Trailer 1:32 Quadrophenia: The Criterion Collection [Blu-Ray] Trailer 1:37 Quadrophenia Photos76 Top cast Edit Phil Daniels Jimmyas Jimmy Leslie Ash Stephas Steph Phil Davis Chalkyas Chalky Mark Wingett Daveas Dave Sting Ace Faceas Ace Face Ray Winstone Kevinas Kevin (as Raymond Winstone) Garry Cooper Peteras Peter Gary Shail Spideras Spider Toyah Willcox Monkeyas Monkey Trevor Laird Ferdyas Ferdy Kate Williams Motheras Mother Michael Elphick Fatheras Father Kim Neve Yvonneas Yvonne Benjamin Whitrow Mr. Fulfordas Mr. Fulford Daniel Peacock Dannyas Danny Jeremy Child Agency Manas Agency Man John Phillips Magistrateas Magistrate Timothy Spall Projectionistas Projectionist Director Franc Roddam Writers Dave Humphries(screenplay) Martin Stellman(screenplay) Franc Roddam(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.6 Scum 7.7 Scum 6.8 McVicar 6.6 Tommy 6.6 The Krays 7.3 Nil by Mouth 6.5 Rita, Sue and Bob Too 9.9 Dummy 7.3 24 Hour Party People 7.3 Made in Britain 8.1 The Kids Are Alright 7.6 Withnail & I Storyline Edit London, 1965: Like many other youths, Jimmy hates the philistine life, especially his parents and his job in a company's mailing division. Only when he's together with his friends, a 'Mod' clique, cruising London on his motor-scooter and hearing music such as that of 'The Who' and 'The High Numbers', does he feel free and accepted. However, it's a flight into an illusionary world. —Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> sex sceneamphetamineteen moviethe wholeather jacket131 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Hell On Wheels! Genres Drama Music Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia John Lydon (the former Johnny Rotten) was originally approached for the role of Jimmy and even screen-tested for the role. However the distributors refused to insure him for the part and he was replaced. Goofs During one of the riots, a Pelican crossing is seen, but this was introduced in the mid-'70s. Quotes Kev: I don't give a monkey's arsehole about Mods and Rockers. Underneath, we're all the same, 'n't we? Jimmy: No, Kev, that's it. Look, I don't wanna be the same as everybody else. That's why I'm a Mod, see? I mean, you gotta be somebody, ain't ya, or you might as well jump in the sea and drown. Kev: That's why I joined the army. To be different. To get away from all this. Don't matter where you go, there's always some cunt with stars and stripes who wants to push you about. Crazy credits Jeans By Levis Alternate versions There are at least 4 scenes that have been deleted from the final film. These scenes have never been released anywhere in full, apart from on a short documentary that came with the 1997 UK video, but even then they are shown as photographs and not the actual full scenes. Most notable was the entire deletion of almost all of the dialogue from Ace Face (played by Sting), including 2 extended scenes from the police van and one of all the mods meeting up on their scooters before going to Brighton. Supposedly, the reason that all of Ace Face's dialogue was deleted was that Sting and the producers both agreed that this ruined his 'mysterious' character that he was playing and also may have taken the focus of the protagonist of the story, Jimmy. Connections Featured in Talking Pictures: Episode #1.1 (1979) Soundtracks Hi-Heel Sneakers Written by Tommy Tucker (aka Robert Higginbotham) Performed by Cross Section Published by The Who Group Limited User reviews118 Review Top review Classic tale of teen rebellion This is a fabulous movie that goes far beyond the usual one-dimensional teenager- struggles-with-society's-conformity tale. In it, the main character, Jimmy, has got a good job but which seems pointless to him. He's a member of a posse of "Mods," a mid-sixties image- group that included quasi-Beatles-style clothes and haircuts, the use of Vespa scooters, and of course sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll. Jimmy hates the conformity as symbolized by his TV-watching, emotionally-detached parents and dreads the prospect of becoming an ice-cold working stiff. Bus as time passes he begins to squirm in the conformity imposed by being a Mod, a conformity so ruthless it costs him a friendship. Everything that seems to be a key to happiness, whether it's romance with Steph, a beautiful member of his posse, or taking part in a kind of "Mod Woodstock," or adoring the "King of the Mods" (played perfectly by Sting), or even just trying to escape it all aboard his trusty Vespa, becomes a dead end of conformity. Throughout the movie, his frustration is building, and he can't figure out why. In the end, he finally realizes the source of his anguish, and, without giving anything away, addresses the heart of the matter. Excellent performances in this movie (though the accents will be downright impenetrable for some viewers), great directing, strong writing, and of course it marvelously portrays the Mod lifestyle. All the groups shown in the movie can be taken as symbols for just about any community you could think of. Best of all, the soundtrack is superb. Unfortunately, you can't really get the sense of it just watching the movie, so pick up the CD if you like The Who; it's one of their very best. Overall, a must-see. helpful•19 14 planet_mamoo May 16, 2004 Details Edit Release date October 12, 1979 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Language English Also known as Quadrophenia: A Way of Life Filming locations Beach Cafe, Brighton, East Sussex, England, UK Production companies The Who Films Polytel See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross worldwide $176 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘The Pebble and the Boy’ Review: British Mod Nostalgia Barely Fuels a Sputtering Scooter Road Movie Nov 17Variety Film + TV ‘Spencer’ Is ‘Going to Be a Big Deal,’ Actor Timothy Spall Says at Zurich Film Festival Oct 1Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Quadrophenia (1979) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.