Quantum of Solace (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0830515?ref_=rlm
Quantum of Solace (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Quantum of Solace 20082008 PG-13PG-13 1h 46m IMDb RATING 6.6/10 430K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 132 137 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 11 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organisation from eliminating a country's most valuable resource.James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organisation from eliminating a country's most valuable resource.James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organisation from eliminating a country's most valuable resource. IMDb RATING 6.6/10 430K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 132 137 Director Marc Forster Writers Paul Haggis Neal Purvis Robert Wade Stars Daniel Craig Olga Kurylenko Mathieu Amalric Top credits Director Marc Forster Writers Paul Haggis Neal Purvis Robert Wade Stars Daniel Craig Olga Kurylenko Mathieu Amalric See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 251Critic reviews 58Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 32 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 2:32 Quantum of Solace: Trailer #2 Trailer 1:59 Quantum of Solace Clip 6:36 These Bond Women Are Changing the Spy Game Clip 3:39 Bond 25 Returns to 007's Origins Clip 2:19 'Bond 25,' MCU-TV, and More News of the Week Featurette 2:39 Quantum of Solace Interview 0:32 Quantum of Solace Interview 0:33 Quantum of Solace Interview 0:46 Quantum of Solace Video 3:14 What We Know About 'No Time to Die' ... So Far Photos217 Top cast Edit Daniel Craig James Bondas James Bond Olga Kurylenko Camilleas Camille Mathieu Amalric Dominic Greeneas Dominic Greene Judi Dench Mas M Giancarlo Giannini Rene Mathisas Rene Mathis Gemma Arterton Strawberry Fieldsas Strawberry Fields Jeffrey Wright Felix Leiteras Felix Leiter David Harbour Gregg Beamas Gregg Beam Jesper Christensen Mr. Whiteas Mr. White Anatole Taubman Elvisas Elvis Rory Kinnear Bill Tanneras Bill Tanner Tim Pigott-Smith Foreign Secretaryas Foreign Secretary Joaquín Cosio General Medranoas General Medrano Fernando Guillén Cuervo Colonel of Policeas Colonel of Police Jesús Ochoa Lt. Orsoas Lt. Orso Lucrezia Lante della Rovere Gemmaas Gemma Glenn Foster Mitchellas Mitchell Paul Ritter Guy Hainesas Guy Haines Director Marc Forster Writers Paul Haggis Neal Purvis Robert Wade All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Daniel Craig is back as MI6 super-spy James Bond in No Time to Die. IMDb Cheat Sheet recaps the films of the Daniel Craig era of the 007 franchise from Casino Royale to the greatly anticipated No Time to Die.Watch the interview 7:46 More like this 7.8 Skyfall 6.8 Spectre 8.0 Casino Royale 6.1 Die Another Day 7.2 GoldenEye 6.4 The World Is Not Enough 6.5 Tomorrow Never Dies 7.5 No Time to Die 7.7 Goldfinger 7.2 Dr. No 7.4 From Russia with Love 6.6 Licence to Kill Storyline Edit Is there solace in revenge? James Bond (Daniel Craig) and M (Dame Judi Dench) sniff a shadowy international network of power and corruption reaping billions. As Bond pursues the agents of an assassination attempt on M, all roads lead to Dominic Greene (Mathieu Amalric), a world-renowned developer of green technology. Greene, a nasty piece of work, is intent on securing a barren area of Bolivia in exchange for helping a strongman stage a coup there. The C.I.A. looks the other way, and only Bond, with help from a retired spy and a mysterious beauty, stands in Greene's way. M wonders if she can trust Bond, or if vengeance possesses him. Can anyone drawn to Bond live to tell the tale? —<jhailey@hotmail.com> attempted rapeofficial james bond seriesjames bond characterofficial bond filmopera272 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Have Regrets. Get Revenge. Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action, and some sexual content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Daniel Craig was injured at least three times during the making of this movie. The most prominent ones included an injury to his face, which required four stitches, another to his shoulder, which required six surgical screws to be inserted in an operation, and his arm in a sling, and then his hand was injured when one of his finger tips was sliced off. He laughed these off, noting they did not delay filming, and joked his finger wound would enable him to have a criminal career (though it had grown back when he made this comment). He also had minor plastic surgery on his face. Goofs In the opening chase, Bond's car door is torn off, but as it spins around not only is the door there, but there isn't a scratch on the driver's side. Quotes James Bond: [Bond is holding Yusef and Corinne at gunpoint] Sit down! [they both sit] James Bond: [looking at Corinne] You're Canadian...? You work in Canadian intelligence? [Corinne doesn't answer] James Bond: That's all right... I know you do. And knowing this man, you likely have access to some very sensitive material that you're going to be forced to give up. His life will be threatened... and because you love him, you won't hesitate. [pause; Bond looks at Corinne's necklace] James Bond: That's a beautiful necklace. Did he give it to you? [Corinne still doesn't answer] James Bond: [showing her Vesper's necklace] I have one just like it. He gave it to a friend of mine... someone very close to me. Your name is...? Corinne: Corinne. James Bond: Corinne... Corinne, I suggest you leave now. You contact your people, and you tell them to check their seals. They have a leak. Do it now, please. This man and I have some unfinished business. Corinne: [softly, as she leaves] Thank you. [Bond turns back to Yusef] Yusef: Please. Make it quick. Crazy credits The iconic "James Bond gun barrel" sequence, not seen in its traditional format since Die Another Day, is incorporated into the closing credits. Alternate versions Following an advisory screening of a rough cut, the film was pre-cut on BBFC advice in the UK before official submission to the Board for a formal cinema classification, with edits made to one scene in the finale. It was subsequently passed "uncut" as a 12A. More detailed notes can be found on the BBFC's website. Worldwide versions are this same pre-cut version. Connections Edited into Coca-Cola Zero Zero 7 (2008) Soundtracks Another Way to Die Music by Jack White Lyrics by Jack White Performed by Jack White and Alicia Keys User reviews1.4K Review Top review 7/10 Fast paced but in trying to cash in on the success of Jason Bourne, Taken n other quick cut editing movies, this one too tried the fast cut editing n ruined the fun. I first saw this in 2008 with my family in a theatre. Revisited it recently on a dvd which I own. This is the twenty-second in the Bond series, a direct sequel to Casino Royale, and the second film to star Daniel Craig as James Bond. Like its predecessor, this one too doesn't rely on gadgets n cgi n has more chases n fast paced action but in trying to cash in on the success of Jason Bourne, Taken n other action movies, this one tried the fast cut editing which ruined the fun. In quick cut editing one cannot make out who's who n what is going on. In this film, Bond seeks revenge for the death of his lover, Vesper Lynd and is assisted by a Bolivian agent Camille Montes, who is coincidentally seeking to avenge the murder of her own family. The trail eventually leads them to Dominic Green, well connected with CIA and a businessman working in reforestation and charity funding for environmental science but helping an exiled General to get back into power, in return for support for his sinister plans along with CIA. This time Bond faces Craig Mitchell, General Medrano, Dominic Greene n Colonel Carlos. I miss those olden Bond villain's powerful henchmen. This time the movie being fast paced n Bond on a vengeance, Bond gets to cool off with Gemma Arterton only. The pioneer of the balcony/window jump is undisputedly Jackie Chan (Rumble in the Bronx). Jason Bourne in Bourne Ultimatum copied almost the same jump. Bond too copied almost the same jump in this movie. helpful•18 5 Fella_shibby May 18, 2021 Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating No Time to Die marks Daniel Craig's final outing in the James Bond franchise. See which 007 films have received the highest ratings from IMDb users.See the list List FAQ29 What is 'Quantum of Solace' about? Is "Quantum of Solace" based on a book by Ian Fleming? How does "Quantum of Solace" relate to "For Your Eyes Only"? Details Edit Release date November 5, 2008 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites MGM (United States) Official site DVD - Blu-Ray (Greece) Languages English Spanish Italian French Swiss German German Also known as 007：大破量子危机 Filming locations Strada Regionale 249, Navene, Lake Garda, Italy Production companies Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) Columbia Pictures Eon Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $200,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $168,368,427 Opening weekend US & Canada $67,528,882 Nov 16, 2008 Gross worldwide $589,580,482 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 46 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Box Office Milestone: ‘No Time to Die’ Passes Up ‘F9’ Overseas Nov 14The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Marvel’s ‘Eternals’ Holds Off ‘Clifford The Big Red Dog’ For The Top Spot; ‘Belfast’ Enters The Awards Race In Limited Release Nov 14Box Office Mojo Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.