Raging Bull (1980) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081398/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_152
Raging Bull (1980) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Raging Bull 19801980 RR 2h 9m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 338K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,896 180 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:41 7 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaSport The life of boxer Jake LaMotta, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it.The life of boxer Jake LaMotta, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it.The life of boxer Jake LaMotta, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 338K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,896 180 Director Martin Scorsese Writers Jake LaMotta(based on the book by) Joseph Carter(with) Peter Savage(with) Stars Robert De Niro Cathy Moriarty Joe Pesci Top credits Director Martin Scorsese Writers Jake LaMotta(based on the book by) Joseph Carter(with) Peter Savage(with) Stars Robert De Niro Cathy Moriarty Joe Pesci See production, box office & company info 642User reviews 154Critic reviews 89Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #152 Won 2 Oscars 24 wins & 28 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 1:41 Raging Bull: 30th Anniversary Edition Blu-Ray Clip 1:25 'Raging Bull' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 2:53 Does 'Joker' Exist in a Scorsese-Verse of Films? Clip 4:00 Holy Martin Scorsese! 'Joker' Is New 'King of Comedy' Full Episode 3:48 Revealed: "Stranger Things" Star Brett Gelman Picks the Most Underrated Comedy Video 3:08 25 Movies That Almost Starred Robert De Niro Video 29:01 Sneak Previews Season 3 Episode 13 Photos261 Top cast Edit Robert De Niro Jake La Mottaas Jake La Motta Cathy Moriarty Vickie La Mottaas Vickie La Motta Joe Pesci Joeyas Joey Frank Vincent Salvyas Salvy Nicholas Colasanto Tommy Comoas Tommy Como Theresa Saldana Lenoreas Lenore Mario Gallo Marioas Mario Frank Adonis Patsyas Patsy Joseph Bono Guidoas Guido Frank Topham Toppyas Toppy Lori Anne Flax Irmaas Irma Charles Scorsese Charlie - Man with Comoas Charlie - Man with Como Don Dunphy Self - Radio Announcer for Dauthuille Fightas Self - Radio Announcer for Dauthuille Fight Bill Hanrahan Eddie Eaganas Eddie Eagan Rita Bennett Emma - Miss 48'sas Emma - Miss 48's James V. Christy Dr. Pintoas Dr. Pinto Bernie Allen Comedianas Comedian Floyd Anderson Jimmy Reeves - Reeves Fightas Jimmy Reeves - Reeves Fight Director Martin Scorsese Writers Jake LaMotta(based on the book by) Joseph Carter(with) Peter Savage(with) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.2 Casino 8.1 The Deer Hunter 7.8 The King of Comedy 7.2 Mean Streets 7.3 Cape Fear 8.7 Goodfellas 8.3 Scarface 4.8 The Bronx Bull 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.2 Chinatown 8.2 There Will Be Blood Storyline Edit When Jake LaMotta steps into a boxing ring and obliterates his opponent, he's a prizefighter. But when he treats his family and friends the same way, he's a ticking time bomb, ready to go off at any moment. Though LaMotta wants his family's love, something always seems to come between them. Perhaps it's his violent bouts of paranoia and jealousy. This kind of rage helped make him a champ, but in real life, he winds up in the ring alone. —alfiehitchie jealousyragenew york citydysfunctional familymarriage crisis214 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Biography Drama Sport Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When the real Jake LaMotta saw the movie, he said it made him realize for the first time what a terrible person he had been. He asked the real Vicki LaMotta "Was I really like that?". Vicki replied "You were worse." Goofs Early on in the movie, Jake tells Joey to punch him. Joey does so, repeatedly, and leaves his ring on thereby cutting Jake with each new punch. Yet right before he throws the last punch, all of the puncture wounds in Jake's forehead have been removed. Quotes [first lines] Jake La Motta: I remember those cheers / They still ring in my ears / After years, they remain in my thoughts. / Go to one night / I took off my robe, and what'd I do? I forgot to wear shorts. / I recall every fall / Every hook, every jab / The worst way a guy can get rid of his flab. / As you know, my life wasn't drab. / Though I'd much... Though I'd rather hear you cheer / When you delve... Though I'd rather hear you cheer / When I delve into Shakespeare / "A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse", I haven't had a winner in six months. [he lights a cigar] Jake La Motta: Though I'm no Olivier / I would much rather... And though I'm no Olivier / If he fought Sugar Ray / He would say / That the thing ain't the ring, it's the play. / So give me a... stage / Where this bull here can rage / And though I could fight / I'd much rather recite /... that's entertainment. Crazy credits The film is in black and white, but during the opening credits, the title is in red letters. Alternate versions CBS edited 8 minutes from this film for its 1986 network television premiere. Connections Edited into Repeat Photography and the Albedo Effect (2008) Soundtracks Cavalleria rusticana: Intermezzo (1890) Music by Pietro Mascagni Performed by Orchestra del Teatro Comunale di Bologna (as Orchestra of Bologna Municop Thetra) Conducted by Arturo Basile Courtesy of RCA S.p.A. User reviews642 Review Top review 10/10 Another Scorsese masterpiece! Raging Bull is one of Martin Scorsese's best films and with out a doubt the best film of the 80's. It follows the career of middleweight boxing champion Jake LaMotta as his career progresses but his emotional problems worsen. The most notable feature in Raging Bull is the colour. All but the home Video footage is shot in black and white. This was a huge risk on Scorsase's part but it defiantly pays off, the film wouldn't feel the same had it been done in colour. Throughout the entire film acting is simply impeccable. De Niro and Pesci are both stunning. The script is amazing, you really feel like you understand every character, none of their actions seem out of character no matter how outrageous they may be. Scorsese's directing is stunning. He really is a very talented director and in Raging Bull it shows. The fight scenes are famous for their brutal realism and it's easy to see why. He puts you right in the ring with the fighters and you cant help but admire their technical brilliance. However, the most stunning aspect of all is Thelma Schoonmaker's editing. Its some of the best editing I've ever seen especially during the fight scenes where it's positively breathtaking. No matter what happens you always find yourself sympathising with La Motta, even during his most outrageous moments. Not only is Raging Bull the greatest film to come out of the 80's but is one of the greatest this century that's highly underrated and defiantly worth owning. 10 out of 10 helpful•105 44 GavAnderson Feb 14, 2005 FAQ3 What happened to Jake's first wife? I don't seem to remember this being addressed in the film. Why is this film in B&W? Details Edit Release date December 19, 1980 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 愤怒的公牛 Filming locations Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production company Chartoff-Winkler Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $18,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $23,383,987 Opening weekend US & Canada $128,590 Nov 16, 1980 Gross worldwide $23,402,427 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Late Cinematographers Michael Chapman and Allen Daviau Remembered at Camerimage Film Festival Nov 16Variety Film + TV 5 Roles In Martin Scorsese Movies That Were Perfectly Cast (& 5 Actors Who Almost Played Them) Nov 8ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Raging Bull (1980)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.