Rashômon (1950) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0042876/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_131
Rashômon (1950) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Rashômon 19501950 Not RatedNot Rated 1h 28m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 161K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,275 327 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:49 2 Videos 73 Photos CrimeDramaMystery The rape of a bride and the murder of her samurai husband are recalled from the perspectives of a bandit, the bride, the samurai's ghost and a woodcutter.The rape of a bride and the murder of her samurai husband are recalled from the perspectives of a bandit, the bride, the samurai's ghost and a woodcutter.The rape of a bride and the murder of her samurai husband are recalled from the perspectives of a bandit, the bride, the samurai's ghost and a woodcutter. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 161K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,275 327 Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Ryûnosuke Akutagawa(stories Rashomon and In a Grove) Akira Kurosawa(screenplay) Shinobu Hashimoto(screenplay) Stars Toshirô Mifune Machiko Kyô Masayuki Mori Top credits Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Ryûnosuke Akutagawa(stories Rashomon and In a Grove) Akira Kurosawa(screenplay) Shinobu Hashimoto(screenplay) Stars Toshirô Mifune Machiko Kyô Masayuki Mori See production, box office & company info 373User reviews 131Critic reviews 98Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #131 Won 1 Oscar 9 wins & 5 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 1:49 Re-release Trailer Video 2:25 A Message From the Bluth Family Photos73 Top cast Edit Toshirô Mifune Tajômaruas Tajômaru Machiko Kyô Masako Kanazawaas Masako Kanazawa Masayuki Mori Takehiro Kanazawaas Takehiro Kanazawa Takashi Shimura Woodcutteras Woodcutter Minoru Chiaki Priestas Priest Kichijirô Ueda Commoneras Commoner Noriko Honma Mediumas Medium Daisuke Katô Policemanas Policeman Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Ryûnosuke Akutagawa(stories Rashomon and In a Grove) Akira Kurosawa(screenplay) Shinobu Hashimoto(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Yôjinbô 8.2 Ran 8.3 Ikiru 8.6 Shichinin no samurai 8.1 Tsubaki Sanjûrô 8.1 Kumonosu-jô 8.4 Tengoku to jigoku 8.6 Seppuku 8.1 Kakushi-toride no san-akunin 8.2 Tôkyô monogatari 8.3 Ladri di biciclette 8.2 Det sjunde inseglet Storyline Edit A priest, a woodcutter and another man are taking refuge from a rainstorm in the shell of a former gatehouse called Rashômon. The priest and the woodcutter are recounting the story of a murdered samurai whose body the woodcutter discovered three days earlier in a forest grove. Both were summoned to testify at the murder trial, the priest who ran into the samurai and his wife traveling through the forest just before the murder occurred. Three other people who testified at the trial are supposedly the only direct witnesses: a notorious bandit named Tajômaru, who allegedly murdered the samurai and raped his wife; the white veil cloaked wife of the samurai; and the samurai himself who testifies through the use of a medium. The three tell a similarly structured story - that Tajômaru kidnapped and bound the samurai so that he could rape the wife - but which ultimately contradict each other, the motivations and the actual killing being what differ. The woodcutter reveals at Rashômon that he knows more than he let on at the trial, thus bringing into question his own actions. But another discovery at Rashômon and the resulting actions from the discovery bring back into focus the woodcutter's own humanity or lack thereof. —Huggo unreliable narrationmediumcontradictory accountsmultiple perspectivesrape99 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The husband, the wife...or the bandit? Genres Crime Drama Mystery Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Often credited as the reason the Academy created the "Best Foreign Film" category. Goofs Around the 22:30 mark (in the Criterion release), the bandit explains to the husband about the sword and where it came from, but the words don't even come close to matching his lip movements. Quotes Commoner: It's human to lie. Most of the time we can't even be honest with ourselves. Alternate versions Criterion Collection releases of this film feature an English Dubbed Version in addition to the traditional, original Japanese version. This is unusual in that Criterion are usually film purists that do not put English language dubs on their discs that contain a foreign language film. Connections Edited into Papillon d'amour (2004) Soundtracks Woman's Tale Theme (Bolero) Written by Fumio Hayasaka inspired by Maurice Ravel's "Bolero", using the same background rhythm, and similar orchestration and build-up, but different melodic lines. User reviews373 Review Top review A Technical & Creative Success It's hard to tell just how striking "Rashômon" might have seemed to those who watched it in 1950, rather than seeing it after so many subsequent movies and other works have made use of its techniques and ideas. But it's clear that it is a technical and creative success. The story itself is not particularly satisfying, which was most likely by design, and the movie is carried by its structure and by the concept of the markedly different perspectives on the same series of events. The cast also deserve their share of credit for how well it works, and the photography is excellent, as it is in almost all of Kurosawa's films. Kurosawa's expertise makes the interwoven sequences of past and present - essentially telling two different stories - not only work flawlessly, but fit together thematically. It's even more commendable when compared to some of the subsequent films that have tried to use similar ideas, only to come off as pretentious rather than creative or innovative. Kurosawa was also working with much less in terms of possible precedents. In one sense, the choice of specific story material could seem a little odd. The downbeat, rather sordid scenario makes the movie somewhat less enjoyable than several of Kurosawa's other pictures (which is, admittedly, a pretty high standard), and as a result "Rashômon" is more a film to respect and admire than one to enjoy and take pleasure from. Still, it does have significantly more substance to it than do most of the more recent pictures that have been deliberately downbeat or negative in their portrayals of humanity. Such stories are more trendy at present, and they often receive undue praise simply for so being. At the same time, the lack of sympathetic characters and the paucity of hopeful developments bring out all the more its success in developing its ideas about narrative and about reality, ideas that are more fundamental and, in their way, perhaps at least as important as any specific story or events. helpful•53 27 Snow Leopard Sep 29, 2004 FAQ4 A NOTE REGARDING SPOILERS What is a "Rashômon"? Is Rashomon based on two stories? Details Edit Release date August 26, 1950 (Japan) Country of origin Japan Language Japanese Also known as 罗生门 Filming locations Komyoji Temple, Kyoto, Japan Production company Daiei See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $250,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $46,808 Opening weekend US & Canada $15,942 Jul 28, 2002 Gross worldwide $46,808 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 28 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news The 10 Best Movies That Tell The Same Story From Multiple Perspectives Nov 3ScreenRant.com Oscars 2022: Japan enters Ryusuke Hamaguchi’s Cannes award-winning ‘Drive My Car’ Oct 11ScreenDaily Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Rashômon (1950)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.