Rear Window (1954) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047396/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_50
Rear Window (1954) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Rear Window 19541954 PGPG 1h 52m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 469K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,187 41 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play clip2:27 A Guide to the Films of Alfred Hitchcock 1 Video 99+ Photos MysteryThriller A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his Greenwich Village courtyard apartment window, and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder, despite the skepticism o... Read allA wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his Greenwich Village courtyard apartment window, and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder, despite the skepticism of his fashion-model girlfriend.A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his Greenwich Village courtyard apartment window, and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder, despite the skepticism of his fashion-model girlfriend. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 469K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,187 41 Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers John Michael Hayes(screenplay) Cornell Woolrich(short story) Stars James Stewart Grace Kelly Wendell Corey Top credits Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers John Michael Hayes(screenplay) Cornell Woolrich(short story) Stars James Stewart Grace Kelly Wendell Corey See production, box office & company info 938User reviews 173Critic reviews 100Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #50 Nominated for 4 Oscars 6 wins & 13 nominations total Videos1 Clip 2:27 A Guide to the Films of Alfred Hitchcock Photos302 Top cast Edit James Stewart L.B. Jefferiesas L.B. Jefferies Grace Kelly Lisa Fremontas Lisa Fremont Wendell Corey Tom Doyleas Tom Doyle Thelma Ritter Stellaas Stella Raymond Burr Lars Thorwaldas Lars Thorwald Judith Evelyn Miss Lonelyheartsas Miss Lonelyhearts Ross Bagdasarian Songwriteras Songwriter Georgine Darcy Miss Torsoas Miss Torso Sara Berner Woman on Fire Escapeas Woman on Fire Escape Frank Cady Man on Fire Escapeas Man on Fire Escape Jesslyn Fax Miss Hearing Aidas Miss Hearing Aid Rand Harper Newlywedas Newlywed Irene Winston Emma Thorwaldas Emma Thorwald Havis Davenport Newlywedas Newlywed Jerry Antes Dancer with Miss Torsoas Dancer with Miss Torso (uncredited) Barbara Bailey Choreographer with Miss Torsoas Choreographer with Miss Torso (uncredited) Benny Bartlett Man with Miss Torsoas Man with Miss Torso (uncredited) Nick Borgani Minor Roleas Minor Role (uncredited) Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers John Michael Hayes(screenplay) Cornell Woolrich(short story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Vertigo 8.5 Psycho 8.3 North by Northwest 8.5 Casablanca 8.2 Dial M for Murder 8.0 Rope 5.6 Rear Window 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 8.3 Citizen Kane 7.7 The Birds 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey Storyline Edit Professional photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jefferies breaks his leg while getting an action shot at an auto race. Confined to his New York apartment, he spends his time looking out of the rear window observing the neighbors. He begins to suspect that a man across the courtyard may have murdered his wife. Jeff enlists the help of his high society fashion-consultant girlfriend Lisa Fremont and his visiting nurse Stella to investigate. —Col Needham <col@imdb.com> wheelchairvoyeurapartmentamateur detectivebased on short story293 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Essential Hitchcock Genres Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to Georgine Darcy, when the man and woman on the fire escape struggle to get in out of the rain was based on a prank by Sir Alfred Hitchcock. Each actor and actress in the apartment complex facing Jeff's rear window wore an earpiece through which they could receive Hitchcock's directions. Hitchcock told the man to pull the mattress in one direction and told the woman to pull in the opposite direction. Unaware that they had received conflicting directions, the couple began to fight and struggle to get the mattress inside once the crew began filming. The resulting mayhem, in which one of the couple is tossed inside the window with the mattress, provided humor and a sense of authenticity, which Hitchcock liked. He was so pleased with the result that he did not order another take. Goofs After Lisa sees Thorwald tie up the trunk and the camera dollies forward to a close up, there are creaks from the floorboards and footsteps heard from the camera crew. Quotes Stella: How much do we need to bail Lisa from jail? L.B. Jefferies: Well, this is first offense burglary, that's about $250. I have $127. Stella: Lisa's handbag. Uh... 50 cents. I got $20 or so in my purse. L.B. Jefferies: And what about the rest? Stella: When those cops at the station see Lisa, they'll even contribute. Crazy credits "A Paramount Release" logo at the end is styled as a closing curtain. Alternate versions The film has been fully restored from original negatives in 1998 and a new negative has been created that resembles the original color scheme of the film. However, the first kissing scene had to be restored digitally because the source elements were in bad condition. Connections Edited into Alfred Hitchcock: The Art of Making Movies (1990) Soundtracks Excerpt from 'Fancy Free' (1944) (uncredited) Ballet Music by Leonard Bernstein User reviews938 Review Top review 9/10 Rear Window, Forward Cinema Why on earth a man, heterosexual and still relatively young, would spend his time looking out of his window when in his rooms there is a woman like Grace Kelly could be the real mystery left after watching Rear Window, the 1954 masterpiece directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Besides this cheeky and impudent question, this is really a masterpiece, one of the films most loved by his director and one of his more sophisticated, both narratively as well as cinematographically. Loosely based on a relatively unknown 1942 short story written by Cornell Woolrich, It Had to Be Murder, Rear Window sees L.B. Jefferies, a successful photo reporter played with enough confidence and progressive involvement by James Stewart, confined in his New York small apartment with a broken and plastered leg. In the sweltering summer heat, he turns and focuses his attention and lenses to the neighbouring apartments facing his condo's backyard, observing them with a fast growing interest that rapidly becomes excited voyeurism when he starts suspecting that a uxoricide took place in an opposite flat. Albeit reluctantly, also his beautiful fiancée Lisa, a Grace Kelly whose first appearance in the film is one of the most esthetically captivating close ups in movies history and fully justifies the hot ice nickname given to her allegedly by Alfred Hitchcock, as well as both the solid, down to earth nurse Stella, caustically played by a vitriolic Thelma Ritter, and the reluctant detective Tom Doyle, a fairly stolid Wendell Corey full of banal common sense, are drawn into his obsession with what neighbour Lars Thorwald, an imposing Raymond Burr, might or might not have done to his nagging wife. The opening credits reveal straight away one of the movie's multiple codes, when the curtains of James raise to reveal the fixed scene of the coming attraction, the very same back yard where all flats look into. From then on, a static journey begins that reverses many established principles of the 50s filmmaking: the main character does not move, all the other, secondary casts actually play in front of him. The viewer, barring a short yet important moment when James Stewart falls asleep, has the same point of view of the protagonist, sees and interprets the story through the eyes and expressions of him. The soundtrack comes from within the movie, mostly heard from one of the apartments where a musician is living. All these filmic and narrative details, together with the crafted and perfect jigsaw of which each apartment and neighbours' live is a piece, are added to the self-conscious study of voyeurism and the essential role of cinema to make an essential film, where no shot, no dialogue is redundant, and an evergreen masterpiece, at the same time celebrating and subverting the Hollywood's codes. This is not the only Hitchcock's movie constructed in a theatrical form, but in no other the British master was able to extremize with such genius and depth of analysis the intertwined relationships between the eye and the mind, mixing like an esoteric alchemist obsessions and humor, suspense and sexuality, flashing light and silent darkness, individuality and collectivity, reality and perceptions. Peeping Toms of the world, unite! helpful•14 3 danielefanin-17409 May 9, 2020 FAQ10 Why is Jeff whispering when he is on the phone to Tom after Lisa's arrest when he is in his own apartment? Who was the dress designer for Grace Kelly's outfits? What is 'Rear Window' about? Details Edit Release date September 1, 1954 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 后窗 Filming locations Stage 18, Paramount Studios - 5555 Melrose Avenue, Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, USA Production company Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $36,764,313 Gross worldwide $37,034,514 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 52 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1(original ratio) Related news Movie History Has Never Been More Accessible, So Why Do Classic Film Fans Still Feel It’s Threatened? Oct 28Indiewire Alamo Drafthouse Finally Announces Opening for Long-Delayed Manhattan Location (Exclusive) Oct 13Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Rear Window (1954) in Mexico?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.