Rebecca (1940) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0032976/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_229
Rebecca (1940) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Rebecca 19401940 ApprovedApproved 2h 10m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 132K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,286 239 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:21 1 Video 99+ Photos DramaMysteryRomance A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 132K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,286 239 Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Daphne Du Maurier(celebrated novel) Robert E. Sherwood(screen play) Joan Harrison(screen play) Stars Laurence Olivier Joan Fontaine George Sanders Top credits Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Daphne Du Maurier(celebrated novel) Robert E. Sherwood(screen play) Joan Harrison(screen play) Stars Laurence Olivier Joan Fontaine George Sanders See production, box office & company info 381User reviews 215Critic reviews 86Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #229 Won 2 Oscars 7 wins & 10 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 0:21 Rebecca Photos140 Top cast Edit Laurence Olivier 'Maxim' de Winteras 'Maxim' de Winter Joan Fontaine Mrs. de Winteras Mrs. de Winter George Sanders Jack Favellas Jack Favell Judith Anderson Mrs. Danversas Mrs. Danvers Nigel Bruce Major Giles Lacyas Major Giles Lacy Reginald Denny Frank Crawleyas Frank Crawley C. Aubrey Smith Colonel Julyanas Colonel Julyan Gladys Cooper Beatrice Lacyas Beatrice Lacy Florence Bates Mrs. Van Hopperas Mrs. Van Hopper Melville Cooper Coroneras Coroner Leo G. Carroll Dr. Bakeras Dr. Baker Leonard Carey Benas Ben Lumsden Hare Tabbsas Tabbs Edward Fielding Frithas Frith Philip Winter Robertas Robert Forrester Harvey Chalcroftas Chalcroft Bunny Beatty Maidas Maid (uncredited) Billy Bevan Policemanas Policeman (uncredited) Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Daphne Du Maurier(celebrated novel) Robert E. Sherwood(screen play) Joan Harrison(screen play) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Dial M for Murder 8.0 Notorious 8.0 Strangers on a Train 8.0 Rope 7.5 Spellbound 7.4 Suspicion 8.3 North by Northwest 8.1 It Happened One Night 7.8 Shadow of a Doubt 8.3 Vertigo 8.3 Double Indemnity 6.0 Rebecca Storyline Edit A shy lady's companion, staying in Monte Carlo with her stuffy employer, meets the wealthy Maxim de Winter (Sir Laurence Olivier). She and Max fall in love, marry, and return to Manderley, his large country estate in Cornwall. Max is still troubled by the death of his first wife, Rebecca, in a boating accident the year before. The second Mrs. de Winter (Joan Fontaine) clashes with the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers (Dame Judith Anderson), and discovers that Rebecca still has a strange hold on everyone at Manderley. —Col Needham <col@imdb.com> widowercastleshipwreckcostume partyhouse fire211 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines THE MIGHTY NOVEL LEAPS TO TURBULENT LIFE ON THE SCREEN! (Print Ad- Syracuse Herald-American, ((Syracuse, NY)) 24 March 1940) Genres Drama Mystery Romance Thriller Certificate Approved Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Per Alfred Hitchcock's instructions, Judith Anderson rarely blinks her eyes while playing Mrs. Danvers. Goofs The oath taken by the policeman at the inquest is incorrect. He quietly adds 'So help me God' at the end. These words are not used in the UK. Quotes Mrs. de Winter: Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again. Crazy credits The original 1940 credits read "Selznick International presents its picturization of Daphne Du Maurier's 'Rebecca'". The credits on the re-issue version read "The Selznick Studio presents its production of Daphne Du Maurier's 'Rebecca'". Alternate versions The opening credits were re-done (with different font) for the 1950's re-release of the movie. It is these credits that have turned up on all telecasts of the film (even as recently as 2013) and all previous video releases. The Criterion release (which is now only available through outlet stores) restores all of the credits to their original form. Connections Edited into The Last Tycoon: Pilot (2016) Soundtracks Love's Old Sweet Song (Just a Song at Twilight) (1884) (uncredited) Music by J.L. Molloy Hummed by Joan Fontaine User reviews381 Review Top review 8/10 Hitchcock's first great American success in a classic story with a love story and suspense This is a Daphne Du Maurier's story (from a best-seller novel) concerning a prominent widower (Laurence Olivier) called Maxim De Winter who finds a gorgeous and timid young girl (Joan Fontaine) who is serving to an old Mistress (Florence Bates) . They are married and head to Manderley , the familiar mansion (in the exterior actually is a scale model). But Maxim is haunted by the ghost first wife , an enigmatic Rebecca , who died in mysterious circumstances . There works as a servant the creepy and obsessive housekeeper , Mrs Danvers (Judith Anderson,a famous stage actress in her most important role) and sh meets a cynic gentleman (George Sanders). This film has suspense , romance , unlimited tension , full of lingering images and with the typical touches Hitchcock . Besides , a literately and thoughtful dialog signed by Joan Harrison (Hitchcock's usual screenwriter) though lacking humor . After ¨39 steps¨and ¨Jamaica Inn¨ , Hitch was encouraged to go to America and promptly shot his first work in Hollywood hired by the great producer David O'Selznick . Fine performance by Laurence Olivier , he married Vivien Leigh and he wished to her as protagonist but Hitch hired Joan Fontaine who took seven rehearsal sessions until the engaging . Joan Fontaine as a shy bride young is superb and enjoyable . Judith Anderson as a spooky and cold house keeper is top-notch, her role as obsessed person by the glamorous Rebecca is unforgotten and immortal . Atmospheric and perceptible music by Franz Waxman and sensational visual style by the cameraman George Barnes . The picture won Academy Awards for Best film and cinematography . The movie was brilliantly directed by the Master of Suspense . It's remade in inferior versions for Television, the 1980 adaptation with Jeremy Brett as Maxim and 1996 rendition with Charles Dance and Emilie Fox . The motion picture is indispensable watching for Hithcock lovers achieving the maximum impact on his audience. helpful•19 8 ma-cortes Oct 5, 2006 FAQ8 In what year or era is this Movie set? Was it considered a modern movie in it's day? What is 'Rebecca' about? Is this movie based on a book? Details Edit Release date April 12, 1940 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English French Also known as 蝴蝶梦 Filming locations Big Sur, California, USA Production company Selznick International Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,288,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $72,275 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 10 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news First images from the surely misbegotten remake of "Rebecca" Aug 8FilmExperience ‘Rebecca’ First Look: Ben Wheatley’s Twist on Daphne du Maurier with Armie Hammer and Lily James Aug 8Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Rebecca (1940) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.