Red Rocket (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13453006/?ref_=rlm
Red Rocket (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Red Rocket 20212021 RR 2h 8m IMDb RATING 7.5/10 773 YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 537 303 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:13 2 Videos 7 Photos ComedyDrama Mikey Saber is a washed-up porn star who returns to his small Texas hometown, not that anyone really wants him back.Mikey Saber is a washed-up porn star who returns to his small Texas hometown, not that anyone really wants him back.Mikey Saber is a washed-up porn star who returns to his small Texas hometown, not that anyone really wants him back. IMDb RATING 7.5/10 773 YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 537 303 Director Sean Baker Writers Sean Baker Chris Bergoch Stars Simon Rex Bree Elrod Brenda Deiss Top credits Director Sean Baker Writers Sean Baker Chris Bergoch Stars Simon Rex Bree Elrod Brenda Deiss See production, box office & company info Coming soon Releases December 10, 2021 1User review 51Critic reviews 78Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 7 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:13 Official Trailer Trailer 2:13 Red Rocket Photos7 Top cast Edit Simon Rex Mikeyas Mikey Bree Elrod Lexias Lexi Brenda Deiss Lilas Lil Ethan Darbone Lonnieas Lonnie Judy Hill Leondriaas Leondria Brittney Rodriguez Juneas June Sam EidsonVicky Lewisas Lewis Brandon Lott June's Friendas June's Friend Marlon Lambert Ernestoas Ernesto Lindsey Fuller Newscasteras Newscaster Parker Bigham Nashas Nash Najeeb Hassan Kwik Stop Clerkas Kwik Stop Clerk Elisa Silva Reporteras Reporter Sam QuanNico Welfare Office Workeras Welfare Office Worker Anthony Carvelli Blonde Veteranas Blonde Veteran Nate Venz Buff Veteranas Buff Veteran Gary Fuller Lonnie's Attorneyas Lonnie's Attorney Allison Fuller Homeowneras Homeowner Director Sean Baker Writers Sean Baker Chris Bergoch All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.9 C'mon C'mon 7.8 Doraibu mai kâ 8.2 Verdens verste menneske 7.1 Les Olympiades, Paris 13e 7.0 Memoria 7.9 The Souvenir: Part II 6.7 Bergman Island 6.8 Titane 7.5 Hytti nro 6 7.4 Petite maman 6.7 The Lost Daughter 7.6 Vortex Storyline Edit Finding himself down and out in Los Angeles, ex porn star Mikey Saber decides to crawl back to his hometown of Texas City, Texas, where his estranged wife and mother-in-law are living. Just as this dysfunctional family seems to be making things work, Mikey meets a young woman named Strawberry working the cash register at a local doughnut shop. He falls right back into his old habits. male frontal nuditymale nudity Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Comedy Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sexual content, graphic nudity, drug use and pervasive language. Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to director Sean Baker, Simon Rex was offered the role over the phone after having been sent the script and agreed saying that he would fly to Texas in three days. Three days later Rex arrived in Texas having memorized all of his - very long - lines. Soundtracks Won't Stop Mobbin' Written and Composed by Dave Tough, Jordan Webb and Tre Houston Produced by Dave Tough Performed by Jordan Webb, Tre Houston and Dave Tough (as Dave Tough Band) Courtesy of Tough Daddy Publishing (BMI) User reviews1 Review Top review 6/10 Literally and Metaphorically Ballsy *Watched at Cannes 2021* American indie-darling Sean Baker has always worked on the ground level when making his films. He often casts non-professional actors and plants his audience in the ironically unglamorous parts of America, such as the dingy Magic Castle motel located next to Walt Disney World. Baker's budgets are small, with "The Florida Project'' carrying a total cost of $2,000,000, which is roughly the amount spent to have Arnold Schwarzenegger speak one hundred words in "T2: Judgement Day." Now in 2021, Baker is back to shine a light on lower-America with "Red Rocket'', which debuted in competition at the Cannes Film Festival. Opening with the catchy rhythms of NSYNC's "Bye Bye Bye", former pornstar Mikey Saber has returned to the deadbeat town of Texas City. Mikey had been at the top of the porn scene for several years but eventually found his way out the door with some questionable career moves. With nowhere else to go, he begs and pleads his way into crashing with his former pornstar ex-wife Lexi, who, like him, was a shining star that has fallen back to the ground and lives with her poverty-stricken mother in the middle of nowhere. Mikey is a guy who always has a plan, but never a way to execute it. He does have a plan to get back to Los Angeles and revitalize his career, but it requires him to reconnect with some characters from his past who hate his guts. Both literally and metaphorically, "Red Rocket" is a ballsy movie. Baker has always found a fascination with the seedier side of America, which is the side that is often unauthentically portrayed in Hollywood (I'm looking at you "Hillbilly Elegy"). His characters are often complicated and morally ambiguous, such as Halley from "The Florida Project". But Baker doesn't wallow in their pain and use it as a ploy for sympathy (again, looking at you "Hillbilly Elegy"). Instead, he wants us to understand their desperation and see how so many people in this situation can rationalize their actions. "Red Rocket" doesn't break from that developmental mold when it comes to his supporting characters. In Mikey's journey back to the top, he rekindles with a weed queen that sees her business as a safety net for her family. Lexi and her mother are both addicted to opiates due to her mother's medical condition and the distracting peace that the drugs bring from the painful world. With these characters on the brink of society, Baker uses their situation to subtly explain the unforeseen popularity of Donald Trump in the run-up to the 2016 election. Characters are often seen slumped at home in their couches with the television set to Fox News and its neverending coverage of the Republican candidate and his "mass appeal". Baker's illustration about the allure of Trump doesn't try to be a grand statement for America itself, which turns out to be a good thing as the message comes together cleaner than the hamfisted ones found in mainstream media. But while Baker respects his supporting cast, his relationship with Mikey is more complicated. Mikey is the cinematic combination of Dirk Diggler and Howard Ratner. He's a person that you love that you hate and hate that you love. You find yourself intrinsically drawn to him because of his drive and charm. But as the film progresses and Mikey's grand plan comes closer into view, your attitude towards him starts to waver. Much of that emotional response comes from Simon Rex's brilliant performance, whose most prominent role up until now has been a recurring supporting part in the "Scary Movie" franchise and some pornographic solo scenes in a series of straight-to-video gay porn releases. Almost as if he has lived the life of Mikey throughout stretches of his career, Rex seems to instinctively know how to play this type of sleazy charmer. While it does contain perfect casting, "Red Rocket" is not a perfect movie as a whole. With a runtime of 124 minutes, the film contains enough material for a tighter 90-minute story. The middle hour is the victim of this bloatedness, with long stretches given for light material. Still, the overly fatty meat on this movie's bones does give Rex and the cast more than enough to chew on, resulting in an emotional rollercoaster that couldn't be replicated by bigger productions. Slotting in nicely with Baker's filmography and that of distributor A24, "Red Rocket" is one hell of a ride from beginning to end. There may be some potholes along the way, but they're not enough to stop this film from reaching its satisfying destination. helpful•17 6 hunter-friesen Sep 17, 2021 Details Edit Release date December 10, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site A24 (United States) Language English Also known as Червона ракета Filming locations Texas City, Texas, USA Production companies Cre Film FilmNation Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 8 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Oscars 2022: Best Actor predictions and the state of the race Nov 15Gold Derby Frances McDormand Could Be the First Person Nominated for Best Picture and Acting Oscars Consecutively Nov 15Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Red Rocket (2021) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.