Relatos salvajes (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3011894/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_185
Relatos salvajes (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Relatos salvajes 20142014 RR 2h 2m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 188K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,839 445 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:03 11 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDramaThriller Six short stories that explore the extremities of human behavior involving people in distress.Six short stories that explore the extremities of human behavior involving people in distress.Six short stories that explore the extremities of human behavior involving people in distress. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 188K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,839 445 Director Damián Szifron Writers Germán Servidio(collaborating writer) Damián Szifron Stars Darío Grandinetti María Marull Mónica Villa Top credits Director Damián Szifron Writers Germán Servidio(collaborating writer) Damián Szifron Stars Darío Grandinetti María Marull Mónica Villa See production, box office & company info 270User reviews 318Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #185 Nominated for 1 Oscar 49 wins & 58 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 2:03 Tráiler [OV] Trailer 2:10 Official Trailer Clip 1:14 Guitar Teacher Clip 1:12 Apology Clip 1:37 Pasternak Clip 1:16 Rat Poison Clip 1:24 Mauricio Clip 0:54 Portfolio Clip 1:12 Clip Clip 1:20 Clip Interview 2:08 Wild Tales Photos1040 Top cast Edit Darío Grandinetti Salgado (segment "Pasternak")as Salgado (segment "Pasternak") María Marull Isabel (segment "Pasternak")as Isabel (segment "Pasternak") Mónica Villa Profesora Leguizamón (segment "Pasternak")as Profesora Leguizamón (segment "Pasternak") Diego Starosta Ignacio Fontana (segment "Pasternak")as Ignacio Fontana (segment "Pasternak") Marcelo Frasca Gerente Casa Tía (segment "Pasternak")as Gerente Casa Tía (segment "Pasternak") Lucila Mangone Azafata (segment "Pasternak")as Azafata (segment "Pasternak") María Laura Caccamo Empleada Aerolínea (segment "Pasternak")as Empleada Aerolínea (segment "Pasternak") (as Laura Cáccamo) Carlos Alberto Vavassori Víctor Jensen (episodio 'Pasternak')as Víctor Jensen (episodio 'Pasternak') Pablo Machado Hombre 1 (segment "Pasternak")as Hombre 1 (segment "Pasternak") Horacio Vay Hombre 2 (segment "Pasternak")as Hombre 2 (segment "Pasternak") Javier Pedersoli Único Amigo (segment "Pasternak")as Único Amigo (segment "Pasternak") Héctor Drachtman Padre Pasternak (segment "Pasternak")as Padre Pasternak (segment "Pasternak") María Rosa López Ottonello Madre Pasternak (segment "Pasternak")as Madre Pasternak (segment "Pasternak") Rita Cortese Cocinera (segment "Las ratas")as Cocinera (segment "Las ratas") Julieta Zylberberg Moza (segment "Las ratas")as Moza (segment "Las ratas") César Bordón Cuenca (segment "Las ratas")as Cuenca (segment "Las ratas") Juan Santiago Linari Alexis (segment "Las ratas")as Alexis (segment "Las ratas") Leonardo Sbaraglia Diego (segment "El más fuerte")as Diego (segment "El más fuerte") Director Damián Szifron Writers Germán Servidio(collaborating writer) Damián Szifron All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 El secreto de sus ojos 8.1 Room 7.9 Nueve reinas 8.4 Das Leben der Anderen 8.4 Capharnaüm 8.3 Jagten 8.1 Salinui chueok 8.1 Ah-ga-ssi 8.3 Incendies 8.1 Amores perros 8.1 Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri 8.2 Andhadhun Storyline Edit The film is divided into six segments. (1) "Pasternak": While being on a plane, a model and a music critic realise they have a common acquaintance called Pasternak. Soon they discover that every passenger and crew member on board know Pasternak. Is this coincidence? (2) "The Rats": A waitress recognizes her client - it's the loan shark who caused a tragedy in her family. The cook suggests mixing rat poison with his food, but the waitress refuses. The stubborn cook, however, decides to proceed with her plan. (3) "The Strongest": Two drivers on a lone highway have an argument with tragic consequences. (4) "Little Bomb": A demolition engineer has his car towed by a truck for parking in a wrong place and he has an argument with the employee of the towing company. This event destroys his private and professional life, and he plots revenge against the corrupt towing company and the city hall. (5) "The Proposal": A reckless son of a wealthy family has an overnight hit-and-run accident, in which a pregnant woman gets killed. He wakes his parents up and his father calls the lawyer. The parents propose to pay the groundkeeper to take the blame for the boy. Soon the father discovers that he is a victim of extortion of his lawyer and the public prosecutor in charge of the investigation. What will be his decision? (6) "Until Death Do Us Apart": During the wedding party, the bride discovers that her newlywed husband has been cheating on her with one of the guests, and she decides to pay him back. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil anthology filmsuicide by airplane crashrevengewedding partyroad rage147 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines We can all lose control Genres Comedy Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence, language and brief sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During the credits at the beginning, each main actor of each tale is identified with a wild animal. In the director's case, it is a fox. Szifrón said that this was because his father had liked foxes a lot, and had used to watch lots of documentaries about them. He also felt identified with that picture, more specifically with the fox's gaze, as the job of a director is in the gaze. Goofs When Diego crashes his car, the airbags deploy and stay inflated. In an actual crash, airbags deploy instantly and then immediately deflate. Quotes Moza: Good evening, a table for one? Cuenca: I see you're good at math. Crazy credits In the opening credits of the film, each actor is identified and accompanied by the image of a wild animal. In the case of the director (Szifrón), he chose a fox, the reason is not only because he is red haired: "The fox was an animal that my dad really liked, he always saw foxes documentaries, I think that's why I chose it..." Connections Featured in The Oscars (2015) Soundtracks Love Theme From Flashdance Music by Giorgio Moroder Performed by Helen St. John © Copyright by Intersong.USA, Inc. / Famous Music Corp. Courtesy of Paramount Pictures Corporation User reviews270 Review Top review 8/10 Rage and Revenge, Guilty Laughter Greetings again from the darkness. Do you often get accused of having a slightly demented sense of humor? Do you have secret crazy thoughts of seeking revenge on those who have wronged you? If so, writer/director Damian Szifron has a collection of short stories just for you! Nominated for Best Foreign Language Oscar, Argentina's entry is just now opening in the Dallas market where I live. To say Wild Tales is a wild ride would be quite an understatement. There are six short stories blended together, and while you may not recognize the theme immediately, it doesn't take long before rage and retribution jump to the forefront in these seemingly typical slices of everyday life. The best short stories make a quick grab for attention, and manage to convey character and setting from the beginning. The writing is crucial and can easily collapse in the hands of a less-proficient short story writer. But when it works, it's fascinating to watch, and Mr. Szifron has a real talent for making us laugh in the midst of truly awful situations. Not to give away any details, but the six stories involve: a remarkable "coincidence" on a flight, an unwelcome customer at a local diner, a close-quarters brawl at a bridge, the frustration of dealing with "the system", misguided parental instincts in protecting their kid, and the most wheels-off wedding reception ever filmed. If you are ever searching for an example of a dark comedy, this one will provide clarity. The seemingly unrelated stories are woven together through payback, though the price is often pretty high. Mr. Szifron's stories remind us that life is not fair, but when it's happening to someone else, we can still laugh about it. helpful•21 6 ferguson-6 Mar 12, 2015 Details Edit Release date August 21, 2014 (Argentina) Countries of origin Argentina Spain France United Kingdom Official sites brazil official movie website Official Facebook Language Spanish Also known as 荒蛮故事 Filming locations Cafayate, Salta, Argentina Production companies K&S Films El Deseo Televisión Federal (Telefe) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,300,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $3,106,530 Opening weekend US & Canada $85,100 Feb 22, 2015 Gross worldwide $30,642,704 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Oscars 2022: Denmark aims for second consecutive win with festival favourite ‘Flee’ Oct 25ScreenDaily Argentina’s Varsovia Films, Aleph Cine Team on Romina Paula Project ‘Gente de noche’ Sep 9Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Relatos salvajes (2014) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.