Reservoir Dogs (1992) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105236/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_89
Reservoir Dogs (1992) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Reservoir Dogs 19921992 RR 1h 39m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 965K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 638 207 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:03 7 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaThriller When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 965K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 638 207 Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(background radio dialogue written by) Roger Avary(background radio dialogue written by) Stars Harvey Keitel Tim Roth Michael Madsen Top credits Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(background radio dialogue written by) Roger Avary(background radio dialogue written by) Stars Harvey Keitel Tim Roth Michael Madsen See production, box office & company info 1.2KUser reviews 198Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #89 Awards 12 wins & 23 nominations Videos7 Trailer 2:23 Reservoir Dogs: 15th Anniversary Edition Trailer 2:03 Reservoir Dogs: 10th Anniversary Edition Trailer 2:01 Reservoir Dogs: 10th Anniversary Edition Clip 2:44 A Guide to the Films of Quentin Tarantino Clip 5:09 How 'Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood' Connects the TarantinoVerse Clip 3:13 25 Years After 'Pulp Fiction', Tarantino Delivers a 'Hollywood' Masterwork Video 2:31 Which Roles Did Samuel L. Jackson Turn Down? Photos171 Top cast Edit Harvey Keitel Mr. Whiteas Mr. White… Tim Roth Mr. Orangeas Mr. Orange… Michael Madsen Mr. Blondeas Mr. Blonde… Chris Penn Nice Guy Eddieas Nice Guy Eddie Steve Buscemi Mr. Pinkas Mr. Pink Lawrence Tierney Joe Cabotas Joe Cabot Randy Brooks Holdawayas Holdaway Kirk Baltz Marvin Nashas Marvin Nash Edward Bunker Mr. Blueas Mr. Blue (as Eddie Bunker) Quentin Tarantino Mr. Brownas Mr. Brown Rich Turner Sheriff #1as Sheriff #1 David Steen Sheriff #2as Sheriff #2 Tony Cosmo Sheriff #3as Sheriff #3 Stevo Polyi Sheriff #4as Sheriff #4 (as Stevo Poliy) Michael Sottile Teddyas Teddy Robert Ruth Shot Copas Shot Cop Lawrence Bender Young Copas Young Cop… Linda Kaye Shocked Womanas Shocked Woman Director Quentin Tarantino Writers Quentin Tarantino(background radio dialogue written by) Roger Avary(background radio dialogue written by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.4 Django Unchained 7.8 The Hateful Eight 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.7 Goodfellas 8.0 Kill Bill: Vol. 2 8.3 Scarface 6.4 Reservoir Dogs: Sundance Institute 1991 June Film Lab 8.5 The Departed 8.6 Se7en Storyline Edit Six criminals, who are strangers to each other, are hired by a crime boss, Joe Cabot, to carry out a diamond robbery. Right at the outset, they are given false names with the intention that they won't get too close and will concentrate on the job instead. They are completely sure that the robbery is going to be a success. But, when the police show up right at the time and the site of the robbery, panic spreads amongst the group members, and two of them are killed in the subsequent shootout, along with a few policemen and civilians. When the remaining people assemble at the premeditated rendezvous point (a warehouse), they begin to suspect that one of them is an undercover cop. —Soumitra heist gone wrongnonlinear timelinemexican standoffrobberygraphic violence225 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Seven Total Strangers Team Up For The Perfect Crime. They Don't Know Each Other's Name. But They've Got Each Other's Color Genres Crime Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film's budget was so low that many of the actors were asked to simply bring their own clothing as wardrobe; most notably Chris Penn's track jacket. The signature black suits were provided for free by the designer, based on her love for the American crime film genre. Steve Buscemi wore his own black jeans instead of suit pants, and Michael Madsen wore a jacket and pants that came from two different suits. Goofs (at around 1h 25 mins) After leaving Mr. Brown, during the steadicam shot following in front of Mr. White and Mr. Orange, there is clearly a group of crew members in the far background on a smoke break and drinking beverages, watching the scene. Quotes Nice Guy Eddie: C'mon, throw in a buck! Mr. Pink: Uh-uh, I don't tip. Nice Guy Eddie: You don't tip? Mr. Pink: Nah, I don't believe in it. Nice Guy Eddie: You don't believe in tipping? Mr. Blue: You know what these chicks make? They make shit. Mr. Pink: Don't give me that. She don't make enough money that she can quit. Nice Guy Eddie: I don't even know a fucking Jew who'd have the balls to say that. Let me get this straight: you don't ever tip? Mr. Pink: I don't tip because society says I have to. All right, if someone deserves a tip, if they really put forth an effort, I'll give them something a little something extra. But this tipping automatically, it's for the birds. As far as I'm concerned, they're just doing their job. Mr. Blue: Hey, our girl was nice. Mr. Pink: She was okay. She wasn't anything special. Mr. Blue: What's special? Take you in the back and suck your dick? Nice Guy Eddie: I'd go over twelve percent for that. Crazy credits The opening credits leave out Writing and Directing credits. They are then shown first during the end credits. Alternate versions The ear slicing scene was cut in the Finnish VHS release Connections Edited into Who Do You Think You're Fooling? (1994) Soundtracks Little Green Bag Performed by George Baker Selection Written by Jan Gerbrand Visser and George Baker (as Benjamino Bouwens) Published by Screen Gems-EMI Music Publishing Inc. O/B/O EMI Music Publishing Holland B.V. Courtesy of Rhino Records/Jerry Ross Productions User reviews1.2K Review Top review It's not the pieces, it's the drive A great creative insight is to take things that we think of as separate and contained (like 'art', 'genius', or 'ideas') and realize how they are fluid and inter-dependent, conditioned by factors. This is not to expose anything as little, deconstruction for its sake; it's to show them to be doable, that a road leads up to them. (It's also one of the three main areas of Buddhist practice) One obvious way to do this would be to take this and note the many influences. This has been done to death already, every bit that Tarantino hoped to keep packed or wanted us to find out has been laid out in the open. But this just gives us someone, genius or not, who stole from the right places. Another way would be to see that it doesn't work the same way as it did when new because it has all been made ordinary by slavish followers, gobbled up by familiarity. The moments of simple banter away from plot, the fooling round with edges of story without showing the main center-piece, bleeding on a floor, following Mr. Blonde outside to pick up a can of gasoline; Tarantino was probably proud that he was being "real", making a radical break from Bruckheimer's Hollywood. It's bits and pieces of Godard, Cassavetes, Altman, and others. To see it now shows how theatric it is, not "real" at all. (The least theatric acting is by the bound cop. Roth is just woeful.) It's The Killers, with the violence and gum pop visuals as typical to see as The Killers was typical without them in its own time. Me, I'd like to settle for something else that brings us to real influence of a more elusive kind. Everything you see here is coming from a young guy who was at the best possible time in his life, lifted from obscurity and everything was beginning to click into place beyond expectation. Can you imagine how giddy he must have been to hear yes from Keitel and here's a check? It's Tarantino coming in from the outside as someone young and eager to make a dream come true; it's bursting with energy but disciplined, kept in check by not having everything at your disposal, being the new kid on set. It would be nothing without this energy. And it's Tarantino being rooted in his own world as he brings the dream alive, suburban LA. None of the story has any outlet into real lives, it's all bounced around movie cutouts. Gangsters showing up before a heist for breakfast in tuxedos? But it's the video clerk's imagination cruising through his own world. He has guys exchange banter about a stripper from Palos Verdes, Roth improvise a story about buying weed the summer of '86. So this is the most vibrant sense I get; someone making it, not having to prove himself because he's there, making a movie with name actors around town, relaxed and fired up at the same time. See if you can feel this off his screen presence (and what a stark difference from his surly presence now). His next one would be the apogee of this path. It can also be traced to the 30 year old who had flown himself to Amsterdam to write away from home like a Hemingway, living the dream. helpful•5 0 chaos-rampant Mar 25, 2016 FAQ23 How much time elapses between the guys initially arriving at the warehouse and the end of the movie? What is "Reservoir Dogs" about? Is "Reservoir Dogs" based on a book? Details Edit Release date September 2, 1992 (France) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Vidio (Indonesia) Language English Also known as 落水狗 Filming locations 5860 North Figueroa Street, Highland Park, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Live Entertainment Dog Eat Dog Productions Inc. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,200,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $2,832,029 Opening weekend US & Canada $147,839 Oct 25, 1992 Gross worldwide $2,913,644 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 39 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news ‘One and Four’ Review: No One Is Who They Say They Are in a Sly, Sparse Tibetan Snow Western Nov 10Variety Film + TV The Quentin Tarantino Movie With The Highest Body Count Nov 4Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Reservoir Dogs (1992) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.