Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0318627?ref_=rlm
Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Resident Evil: Apocalypse 20042004 RR 1h 34m IMDb RATING 6.2/10 193K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,379 178 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:30 3 Videos 99+ Photos ActionHorrorSci-Fi Alice wakes up in the Raccoon City hospital after the area has been overrun by zombies, and must now make it out of the city before a nuclear bomb is dropped.Alice wakes up in the Raccoon City hospital after the area has been overrun by zombies, and must now make it out of the city before a nuclear bomb is dropped.Alice wakes up in the Raccoon City hospital after the area has been overrun by zombies, and must now make it out of the city before a nuclear bomb is dropped. IMDb RATING 6.2/10 193K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,379 178 Director Alexander Witt Writer Paul W.S. Anderson Stars Milla Jovovich Sienna Guillory Eric Mabius(archive footage) Top credits Director Alexander Witt Writer Paul W.S. Anderson Stars Milla Jovovich Sienna Guillory Eric Mabius(archive footage) See production, box office & company info 718User reviews 210Critic reviews 35Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 6 wins & 3 nominations Videos3 Trailer 2:30 Resident Evil: Apocalypse Trailer 1:02 Resident Evil: Apocalypse: Deluxe Edition Clip 1:01 'Resident Evil: Apocalypse' | Anniversary Mashup Photos302 Top cast Edit Milla Jovovich Aliceas Alice Sienna Guillory Jill Valentineas Jill Valentine Eric Mabius Matt Addisonas Matt Addison (archive footage) Oded Fehr Carlos Oliveraas Carlos Olivera Thomas Kretschmann Major Cainas Major Cain Sophie Vavasseur Angie Ashfordas Angie Ashford Razaaq Adoti Sgt. Peyton Wellsas Sgt. Peyton Wells (as Raz Adoti) Jared Harris Dr. Ashfordas Dr. Ashford Mike Epps L.J.as L.J. Sandrine Holt Terri Moralesas Terri Morales Matthew G. Taylor Nemesisas Nemesis Zack Ward Nicholai Ginovaeffas Nicholai Ginovaeff Iain Glen Dr. Isaacsas Dr. Isaacs Dave Nichols Captain Hendersonas Captain Henderson Stefen Hayes Yuri Loginovaas Yuri Loginova Geoffrey Pounsett Mackenzieas Mackenzie Shaun Austin-Olsen Priestas Priest Geny Walters Mrs. Priestas Mrs. Priest Director Alexander Witt Writer Paul W.S. Anderson All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.2 Resident Evil: Extinction 5.8 Resident Evil: Afterlife 6.7 Resident Evil 5.4 Resident Evil: Retribution 5.5 Resident Evil: The Final Chapter 6.6 Underworld: Rise of the Lycans 6.3 Underworld: Awakening 6.7 Underworld: Evolution 7.0 Underworld 6.7 Blade II 5.8 Underworld: Blood Wars 6.3 Resident Evil: Vendetta Storyline Edit Alice awakens from a terrible sleep to find her worst fears realized--the bloodthirsty Undead, which she and the now-annihilated squad of elite military fought to destroy, have been unleashed on the city that surrounds the secret facility of the Umbrella Corporation. Discovering she was an Umbrella experiment, Alice has been bio-genetically enhanced with new strengths, senses and dexterity--and she will need them. In the heart of the ravaged Raccoon City, a small group of uninfected people, including Jill Valentine, a recently demoted member of Raccoon City's elite Special Tactics and Rescue Services team, and Umbrella Corporation Security Officer Carlos Oliveira, fight for their lives against swarms of Undead and the deadlier and faster Lickers. Running out of luck and resources, the group is rescued by Alice, and they begin to wage an exhilarating battle to survive and escape before the Umbrella Corporation erases its experiment from the face of the earth. Their only hope lies somewhere within Raccoon City--Dr Charles Ashford, one of the leading scientists for the Umbrella Corporation, will help Alice and the others escape the city safely--if they find his daughter. Angie Ashford became separated from her father and now hides in fear. Alice, Jill and Carlos will have to fight their way through an army of Undead to save her. All the while, a secret weapon code-named Nemesis has been experimentally altered with greater modifications than Alice and has been programmed to track and destroy them. They will need all their strengths and skills to fight the battle of their lives against the mindless evil that has infected the city and the powerful forces that unleashed it on mankind. —Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} monsternuclear explosionexplosionstrong female characterstrong female lead185 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You're all going to die Genres Action Horror Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for non-stop violence, language and some nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The suit for Nemesis weighed in excess of 60 pounds. Stuntman Matthew G. Taylor could only stay in it for periods of up to 15 minutes before it got too hot. Goofs There is no possibility that the T-Virus can effect the bodies in the cemetery. As stated in the first movie, the T-Virus needs a body with residual neural activity, the bodies of the buried would have been dead for weeks. Furthermore, the T-virus would have to have been in direct interaction the a corpse, which are in sealed caskets inside a concrete chest. Quotes [first lines] Alice: My name is Alice. I worked for the Umbrella Corporation, the largest and most powerful commercial entity in the world. I was head of security at a secret high-tech facility, The Hive, a giant underground laboratory developing experimental viral weaponry. But there was an incident. The virus escaped and everybody died. Trouble was... they didn't stay dead. Crazy credits Just before the scrolling credits start there is an announcement that "this has been a product by the umbrella corporation." Alternate versions The Extended version released in Germany includes the following Deleted Scenes restored to the film with no drop in picture or sound quality. Terry's Big Break The Lord's Judgment "What the hell was that?" Pray For Help Stay Alive Alpha-Team to Base Umbrella Laboratory "What are you staring at?" Point, Pull, Repeat Pt.1 Point, Pull, Repeat Pt.2 Connections Edited from Resident Evil (2002) Soundtracks No Way Out Performed by Elia's Lonely Friends Band Written by Elia Cmiral Produced by Elia Cmiral Published by Constantin Music Verlags GmbH, Munich (BMI) User reviews718 Review Top review 8/10 Expands on the Original with Elements of the Series This film I do have to say, I really liked when it first came out. I'm pretty sure I saw this in the theater with my family and then went again with friends. This is another one that I picked up pretty quickly after it came out on DVD and have watched it throughout the years. Again, this is another one that I hadn't seen in some time with a critical eye so I was wondering how it would hold up. The synopsis here is Alice (Milla Jovovich) wakes up in Raccon City hospital after they're has been overrun by zombies and must now make it out of the city before a nuclear bomb is dropped. We start with giving us the back-story of what happened in the previous film from our main character of Alice. This includes the events involving her at the end and waking up again in the hospital where we get a cool shot paying homage to Day of the Dead with the newspaper headline. It then shifts to Raccoon City to show us the events that will lead to what we just saw. Everyone is going about their daily lives and it feels like a normal Midwestern city. We are taken below the ground to the entrance to The Hive. Umbrella employees are opening it and are overtaken by infected. T-virus spreads out of into the city. Umbrella sends in SUVs to collect important scientists that are living there. One of them is Dr. Ashford (Jared Harris). He is concerned about his daughter and he is informed that she is being picked up as well. Her name is Angie (Sophie Vavasseur). She gets picked up, but there's an accident leaving her stranded. We then get to meet Jill Valentine (Sienna Guillory). She enters her home and hears over a scanner of what is happening. We get a cool introduction through a board she has detailing she's suspended. She goes to her station and takes out the zombies that are in there. She meets with her partner and tells him to get out before it's too late. She also frees L.J. (Mike Epps), who was in custody. Everything is breaking down around them. Umbrella is forced to close off the city and not allow anyone to escape. Major Cain (Thomas Kretschmann) makes this decision which causes Dr. Ashford to try to find someone alive inside of the city to help get Angie out. Alice finds an Army/Navy surplus store, gets dressed and finds weapons. She encounters Jill, Sgt. Peyton Wells (Razaaq Adoti) and some other survivors. They band together and learn of their way out when Dr. Ashford calls them on a payphone. He's able to hack into the Raccoon City mainframe to do this. They then head for the school, but encounter a much more dangerous threat. Alice isn't the only one that Umbrella has been experimenting on. They also encounter a group of Umbrella para-military members. They're led by Carlos Olivera (Oded Fehr). With him are Nicholai Ginovaeff (Zack Ward) and Yuri Loginova (Stefan Hayes). They're bitter when they're not evacuated and are all too ready to turn their back on the company that stranded them inside the city limits. That's where I want to leave the recap for this movie. This is another one that now I'm a bit more critical of movies while also being fair, I wasn't sure how this movie would hold up for me. As I started this I said I've seen this quite a few times and after this viewing, I still really like it. It for sure is still my favorite in the series. This of course is taking on the games of Resident Evil 2 and 3, where the infection has gotten out and our survivors are trying to get out of town before Raccoon City is 'contained' and wiped out. I dig that they brought in Jill, Carlos, Dr. Ashford, Nemesis (Matthew G. Taylor) and Nicholai. There is also the unit of S.T.A.R.S. that they include here as well. They all aren't necessarily the characters from the game, but it is at least hitting the nerd part of me there. I do have to comment, I hate that they used the outfit Jill wears in Resident Evil 3, as it is not very practical. What I also like here is that we still get part of that contained feel that we do from the previous film, just in a bigger sandbox to play in. It is this time around I noticed we really aren't getting a lot of the zombies. There's some of that, it is mostly early on before we get to some of the stronger villains. This isn't that dissimilar to the games themselves though. The main problem of the story works for me. Umbrella is constantly making bad decisions that they need to fix. They also seem to be a bit overconfident. I also like the idea that the 'Nemesis Project' is focusing on Alice and Nemesis. They're too sides to the coin there where one is smaller and more agile to the bulker, stronger one. The showdown is inevitable. This does pigeon hole it into the action/horror film that it is. Feel that next should be the acting. Jovovich is really good as our heroine here. I like that she just has this look of Alice and fits so well into the role. When I see her that is one of the things I think of first. Guillory wasn't who I pictured at first as Jill, but I think she does a really good there. Fehr is good as Carlos. I really like Kretschmann as a villain. He is spineless, but that fits and we don't get to see it until the end. Vavasseur is fine, Adoti, Ward and the rest of the cast are as well. I really liked seeing Harris and Epps here for completely different reasons. Taylor fits what was needed for Nemesis with the size. Also the small cameo by Iain Glen which grows into a much bigger role of Dr. Isaacs, I liked the intro to him here. Since he becomes so important to the series, I like that we get him here to start. That will take me to the effects and cinematography. I was surprised how much better the special effects were here. The zombies all look good. The CGI for the lickers looks much better here. The action effects are fine for the most part. I actually have some issues with the cinematography for them. They decide to go with this blurry effect and some of the camera work took me out of what I was seeing. Some of the CGI there doesn't necessarily hold for me as well. So now with that said, this to me is one of the better video game adaptation horror movies out there. I like what they're doing with the concept here and it is the logical next step. Resident Evil 2 is my favorite of the series so combining that with 3 works for me since they take place at the same time. Bringing characters from the game tick my nerd box, even if they're not necessarily the same. Some of the action and effects work, there are just some slight issues there for me. The acting is fine, no one necessarily stands out as great though and the soundtrack also just fits for what was needed. Overall I'd rate this as fun movie and to me, it is an above average movie overall. My Rating: 7.5 out of 10 helpful•6 0 Reviews_of_the_Dead Feb 3, 2021 FAQ18 In which year did the events take place in this movie, along with the first movie? What is 'Resident Evil: Apocalypse' about? Is 'Resident Evil: Apocalypse' based on a book? Details Edit Release date September 10, 2004 (Canada) Countries of origin Germany United Kingdom Canada Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Resident Evil 2 Filming locations Toronto, Ontario, Canada Production companies Davis Films / Impact Pictures Constantin Film Davis Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $45,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $51,201,453 Opening weekend US & Canada $23,036,273 Sep 12, 2004 Gross worldwide $129,342,769 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 34 minutes Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news 4K Movies: Start Your Collection with ‘The Suicide Squad’ and Other Films Nov 4Indiewire Resident Evil: Welcome To Raccoon City Drops A New Trailer And Enter A Fan Artwork Contest – In Theaters November 24 Oct 8WeAreMovieGeeks.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.