Roadrunner: A Film About Anthony Bourdain (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt14512538/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Roadrunner: A Film About Anthony Bourdain (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Roadrunner: A Film About Anthony Bourdain 20212021 RR 1h 59m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 3.4K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,802 7 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:21 1 Video 2 Photos Documentary A documentary about Anthony Bourdain and his career as a chef, writer and host, revered and renowned for his authentic approach to food, culture and travel.A documentary about Anthony Bourdain and his career as a chef, writer and host, revered and renowned for his authentic approach to food, culture and travel.A documentary about Anthony Bourdain and his career as a chef, writer and host, revered and renowned for his authentic approach to food, culture and travel. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 3.4K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,802 7 Director Morgan Neville Stars Anthony Bourdain(archive footage) Ottavia Bourdain David Chang Top credits Director Morgan Neville Stars Anthony Bourdain(archive footage) Ottavia Bourdain David Chang See production, box office & company info 38User reviews 66Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 2 nominations Videos1 Trailer 2:21 Official Trailer Photos2 Add image Top cast Edit Anthony Bourdain Selfas Self (archive footage) Ottavia Bourdain Selfas Self David Chang Selfas Self Helen M. Cho Selfas Self David Choe Selfas Self Christopher Collins Selfas Self Morgan Fallon Selfas Self Josh Homme Selfas Self John Lurie Selfas Self Alison Mosshart Selfas Self Doug Quint Selfas Self Eric Ripert Selfas Self Lydia Tenaglia Selfas Self Tom Vitale Selfas Self Director Morgan Neville All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 Val 8.8 Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown 7.1 Woodstock 99: Peace, Love, and Rage 8.5 Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations 8.2 Summer of Soul (...Or, When the Revolution Could Not Be Televised) 6.9 Pig 7.9 The Sparks Brothers 6.6 Stillwater 7.5 The Velvet Underground 6.2 The Card Counter 6.6 The Green Knight 6.5 Zola Storyline Edit A documentary about Anthony Bourdain and his career as a chef, writer and host, revered and renowned for his authentic approach to food, culture and travel. memoriesfoodactorpastcareer1 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines The Journey Changes You Genre Documentary Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language throughout Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Controversially, Morgan Neville includes simulations of Anthony Bourdain's voice created using "deepfake" technology. In a 2021 New Yorker article by Helen Rosner, she asked Neville "how on earth he'd found an audio recording of Bourdain reading his own e-mail." The article goes on to explain, "Throughout the film, Neville and his team used stitched-together clips of Bourdain's narration pulled from TV, radio, podcasts, and audiobooks. 'But there were three quotes there I wanted his voice for that there were no recordings of,' Neville explained. So he got in touch with a software company, gave it about a dozen hours of recordings, and, he said, I created an A.I. model of his voice. In a world of computer simulations and deepfakes, a dead man's voice speaking his own words of despair is hardly the most dystopian application of the technology. But the seamlessness of the effect is eerie. 'If you watch the film, other than that line you mentioned, you probably don't know what the other lines are that were spoken by the A.I., and you're not going to know,' Neville said. 'We can have a documentary-ethics panel about it later.'" This revelation generated backlash against the movie. WBUR critic Sean Burns wrote, "When I wrote my review I was not aware that the filmmakers had used an A.I. to deepfake Bourdain's voice for portions of the narration. I feel like this tells you all you need to know about the ethics of the people behind this project." Bourdain's widow, Ottavia Busia, announced that she never gave Neville her blessing to use the deepfake simulation of her estranged, now-deceased husband, even though Neville told GQ magazine that she did. Quotes John Lurie: He committed suicide, the fucking asshole. Soundtracks Roadrunner Written by Jonathan Richman Performed by The Modern Lovers (as Jonathan Richman & the Modern Lovers) User reviews38 Review Top review 10/10 An inside look at an enigmatic genius As I am watching the virtual advanced viewing, the words I keep coming back to are enigmatic genius. This brazen, sarcastic, difficult, demanding man clearly loved deeply and was deeply loved. Introverted, shy, talk show superstar, Bourdain was the ultimate professional perfectionist who embraced change and the unknown. There is so much great footage, Anthony (or Tony as he is often referred to) is able to posthumously tell his own story. This is a man who was able to channel an addictive personality into productive, thrill seeking storytelling - and we were able to vicariously travel the world with him. I learned so much from him through the years. He is one of the very best storytellers we have ever been blessed with. I am not sure I learned much new about him, but I loved every minute of watching this. If anything pleasantly surprised me, it was his religious conversation with Eric where he said that he tried to emulate Christ each day. My primary takeaway - Despite having an unusually challenging and sometimes annoying personality, Anthony was truly special and unique. You can tell that the people fortunate to spend time with him (man, woman, and child) all seem to be in love with this complex man (deeper than a casual love - you can see it in their eyes and hear it in their words and voices). It is remarkable that he felt like he wasn't loved. And as huge as his personality was, like any great journalist, people truly talked to him because he truly listened, was interested, and empathized. As is common with true genius, he burned bright hot and scorched his path through this world, our hearts, and our minds. I have had a hard time accepting that he really committed suicide, but this move shows the path. Even though you know the ending in advance, it is still very powerful. The movie is also full of great lines and insights - maybe watch it with a notepad in hand! There were lots of tears watching this. I miss his show being part of my life, and somehow, the re-runs just don't cut it. helpful•13 4 belleauwood Jul 15, 2021 Details Edit Release date July 16, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Roadrunner Production companies CNN Films HBO Max Tremolo Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $5,249,970 Opening weekend US & Canada $1,988,795 Jul 18, 2021 Gross worldwide $5,323,350 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Related news ‘A Different Ballgame’: Streamers Shake Up the Oscar Documentary Race Nov 11Variety Film + TV ‘Flee,’ ‘Summer of Soul’ Lead Cinema Eye Honors 2021 Nominations Nov 10Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Roadrunner: A Film About Anthony Bourdain (2021)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.