Rocky (1976) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075148/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_238
Rocky (1976) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Rocky 19761976 PGPG 2h IMDb RATING 8.1/10 544K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 847 292 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:34 10 Videos 99+ Photos DramaSport A small-time Philadelphia boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight the world heavyweight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.A small-time Philadelphia boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight the world heavyweight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.A small-time Philadelphia boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight the world heavyweight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 544K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 847 292 Director John G. Avildsen Writer Sylvester Stallone Stars Sylvester Stallone Talia Shire Burt Young Top credits Director John G. Avildsen Writer Sylvester Stallone Stars Sylvester Stallone Talia Shire Burt Young See production, box office & company info 763User reviews 196Critic reviews 70Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #238 Won 3 Oscars 20 wins & 22 nominations total Videos10 Trailer 0:34 Rocky Trailer 1:40 Rocky Featurette 0:58 Rocky Featurette 0:56 Rocky Video 2:04 Should Arya Stark Train at Cobra Kai or Miyagi-Do? Video 3:14 Athletes Who Chose Acting Over Football Video 2:26 'Creed II' Cast on Knockout Soundtracks and Inspiring Scenes Video 1:04 The Making of 'Rocky': Shooting in Philadelphia Video 0:42 The Making of 'Rocky': Low Budget Video 2:15 Dates in Movie & TV History: Jan. 1, 1976 - Rocky Fights Apollo Creed Photos163 Top cast Edit Sylvester Stallone Rockyas Rocky Talia Shire Adrianas Adrian Burt Young Paulieas Paulie Carl Weathers Apolloas Apollo Burgess Meredith Mickeyas Mickey Thayer David Jergensas Jergens Joe Spinell Gazzoas Gazzo Jimmy Gambina Mikeas Mike Bill Baldwin Fight Announceras Fight Announcer Al Silvani Cut Manas Cut Man (as Al Salvani) George Memmoli Ice Rink Attendantas Ice Rink Attendant Jodi Letizia Marieas Marie Diana Lewis TV Commentatoras TV Commentator George O'Hanlon TV Commentatoras TV Commentator Larry Carroll TV Intervieweras TV Interviewer Stan Shaw Dipperas Dipper Don Sherman Bartenderas Bartender Billy Sands Club Fight Announceras Club Fight Announcer Director John G. Avildsen Writer Sylvester Stallone All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.3 Rocky II 6.8 Rocky III 6.9 Rocky IV 7.1 Rocky Balboa 5.3 Rocky V 7.6 Creed 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.2 Die Hard 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 8.3 Scarface 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 8.5 Back to the Future Storyline Edit Rocky Balboa is a struggling boxer trying to make the big time, working as a debt collector for a pittance. When heavyweight champion Apollo Creed visits Philadelphia, his managers want to set up an exhibition match between Creed and a struggling boxer, touting the fight as a chance for a "nobody" to become a "somebody". The match is supposed to be easily won by Creed, but someone forgot to tell Rocky, who sees this as his only shot at the big time. —Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> 1970sfistrocky balboa characterone word titlelow budget film292 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You have a ringside seat for the bloodiest bicentennial in history! Genres Drama Sport Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia After producers Irwin Winkler and Robert Chartoff became interested in the script, they offered Sylvester Stallone an unprecedented $350,000 for the rights. He had $106 in the bank and no car, and was trying to sell his dog because he couldn't afford to feed him, but he refused to sell unless they agreed to allow him to star in the film. They agreed, on the condition that Stallone continue to work as a writer without a fee, and that he work as an actor for scale. After Winkler and Chartoff purchased the film, they took it to United Artists, who envisioned a budget of $2 million with an established star, particularly Robert Redford, Ryan O'Neal, Burt Reynolds or James Caan. When Winkler and Chartoff told United Artists that they could only get the screenplay if Stallone starred, United Artists cut the budget to $1 million and had Chartoff and Winkler sign agreements that they would be personally liable if the film went over budget. The final cost was $1.1 million. Chartoff and Winkler mortgaged their houses for the last $100,000. Goofs During the big fight, the arena is clearly empty at times. This is because only 50 extras could be afforded for the scenes, and despite cinematographer James Crabe's best efforts to hide this fact, occasionally, if one looks hard enough, one can see most of the arena is empty. Quotes Rocky: I can't do it. Adrian: What? Rocky: I can't beat him. Adrian: Apollo? Rocky: Yeah. I been out there walkin' around, thinkin'. I mean, who am I kiddin'? I ain't even in the guy's league. Adrian: What are we gonna do? Rocky: I don't know. Adrian: You worked so hard. Rocky: Yeah, that don't matter. 'Cause I was nobody before. Adrian: Don't say that. Rocky: Ah come on, Adrian, it's true. I was nobody. But that don't matter either, you know? 'Cause I was thinkin', it really don't matter if I lose this fight. It really don't matter if this guy opens my head, either. 'Cause all I wanna do is go the distance. Nobody's ever gone the distance with Creed, and if I can go that distance, you see, and that bell rings and I'm still standin', I'm gonna know for the first time in my life, see, that I weren't just another bum from the neighborhood. Crazy credits Butkus the dog is credited as "Butkus Stallone". Alternate versions In the DVD, the Dolby Digital & DTS 5.1 tracks omit a short musical cue of Rocky's theme when the bell rings at the end of the 15th round, which is present in the original mono soundtrack. Connections Edited into Rocky IV (1985) Soundtracks Take Me Back Music & Lyrics by Frank Stallone Performed by Valentine User reviews763 Review Top review 10/10 Changed My Life "Your gonna eat lightning and your gonna crap thunder" Rocky is about a poor boxer living his life in Philadalphia. His life changes when an invitation from the heavyweight champ Apollo Creed is given to him. Romance, Drama, Fight. Story- With minimum resources and low money, this movie was an underdog itself. Stallone wrote it and fought to play Rocky. When they were low on resources, they changed the story all together and made it even better. The story is flawless and keeps you on the edge of your seat. 9/10 Music- The best thing about the movie itself. The music in this movie is guaranteed to give you goosebumps every time you watch it. Bill Conti gives you an excellent score throughout the movie, including the famous "gonna fly now". 10/10 Acting- 4 nominated performances in this movie. The acting is very good as well, especially Burgess Meredith who offers one of the greatest acts I have ever seen. Stallone plays Rocky Balboa and changes his voice very well to be Rocky. He did a very good job. Talia Shire plays Adrian, a shy pet store owner who has never had a BF before. She did a good job as well. Burt Young plays the drunkard Paulie. Burgess Merideth plays the boxing trainer Mickey. I have never seen a better performance. 9.5/10 Stallone fought for this triumphant movie that made me want to go the distance (sounds corny but its true). It made me strive to work harder and not give up. If you haven't seen this, buy it and watch it. I'll guarantee it will change you too. A classic. I give it a perfect 10/10 helpful•289 59 lilt13098 Jan 9, 2005 FAQ22 What's the difference between the theatrical release version and the director's cut version? What is 'Rocky' about? Is 'Rocky' based on a book? Details Edit Release date December 3, 1976 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Instagram MGM Language English Also known as 洛奇 Filming locations 1818 East Tusculum Street, Kensington, North Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA Production company Chartoff-Winkler Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $960,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $117,235,147 Gross worldwide $117,250,382 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours Color Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Rushes: China's Five-Year Film Plan, Jarmusch x Man Ray, How Stallone Made "Rocky vs. Drago" Nov 17MUBI For ‘Rocky IV,’ Sylvester Stallone Thought He Found The Perfect Opponent Nov 12HollywoodOutbreak.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Rocky (1976) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.