Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) - Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7504818/reviews?ref_=tt_ov_rt
Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) - Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) User Reviews Review this title 57 Reviews Hide Spoilers Sort by: Helpfulness Review Date Total Votes Prolific Reviewer Review Rating Filter by Rating: Show All 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 6 Stars 7 Stars 8 Stars 9 Stars 10 Stars 7/10 Ron's Gone Wrong jboothmillard1 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers I saw the trailer for this animated movie a couple of times in the cinema, it looked like it would be a good laugh, and Mark Kermode gave it a positive review, so I was more than up for seeing it. Basically, in the future, tech giant Bubble unveils its latest creation: the B-Bot. Created by the generous CEO Marc Weidell (Justice Smith), it is a robotic buddy designed to help make friends and connect to the internet. In the town of Nonsuch, middle school student Barney Pudowski (Jack Dylan Grazer) is the only one in school who does not own a B-Bot. His former childhood friends, Savannah Meades (Kylie Cantrall), Rich Belcher (Ricardo Hurtado), Noah (Cullen McCarthy) and Ava (Ava Morse) have all become absorbed by their individual B-Bots. Barney's father Graham (Ed Helms), who sells novelty items online, and his grandmother Donka (Olivia Colman) come to realise that Barney does not have any friends and empathise with him. They hastily go to a Bubble store, but it is closes as they arrive. Fortunately, a delivery driver has a slightly damaged B-Bot that had fallen out of his truck and sells it to them. Barney wakes the day after his birthday and is overjoyed to receive a B-Bot (Zach Galifianakis) as a late birthday present. But upon activating it, quickly learns that it is defective and glitchy. Not wanting to upset his father, he decides to take it back to the Bubble store to get it fixed. He runs into Rich and his friends who taunt and try to humiliate him. The B-Bot begins to fight back, as his safety functions are not active, and he and Barney laugh together and run. Rich calls the police and Barney and the B-Bot, along with Graham and Donka, are taken to the Bubble store so that the B-Bot can be crushed. Not wanting to see him go, Barney secretly rescues the B-Bot, and names him Ron, a shortened version of his model number. Barney and Ron's actions are reported. While Marc is happy to see Ron go against his programming, his chief operating officer Andrew Morris (Rob Delaney) sees it as bad publicity for the company. They believe Ron has been destroyed and that the issue has been resolved. Barney teaches Ron how to be a good friend, with various notes posted on a wall to store in his memory. While hanging out, they run into Savannah who tells Ron that he needs to help Barney get friends. Despite Barney telling Savannah not to, she posts Ron's actions online, alerting Bubble. The next day, Ron leaves the house and tries to get "friends" for Barney, bringing a series of random strangers to school. While Barney gets into trouble, Rich discovers Ron's unlocked function and downloads it, causing all the other B-Bots to have their safety features and parental controls turned off. The B-Bots run wild, connecting and forming for a moment into a large robot creature. The B-Bot creature swallows and excretes (poops out) Savannah, this moment is filmed and shared across social media, and she is publicly humiliated. When the chaos eventually dissolves Barney is suspended from school. Andrew warns Marc about the ramifications of the B-Bot and sends their entire team of employees to find and get rid of Ron. Marc sneaks away so that he can meet Ron. Following his suspension, Barney tells Ron off whilst returning home, but he realises Ron was truly being a friend. Barney eventually forgives Ron's actions, and realises that Bubble employees are coming for him, and decides to run away with him. They briefly run into Savannah, still upset over her incident, and tells her that he is hiding in the woods. Barney and Ron initially enjoy themselves but end up lost in the woods and spending a scary, uncomfortable night there. At school, the B-Bots have been put under heavy lock and Savannah confides in Rich that they were indirectly responsible for Barney's situation. Bubble uses their resources, hacking into other B-Bots to take control and search for Ron and Barney. They manage to hide from them, but the cold weather and Barney's asthma have caused him to become weak. Ron brings Barney back to civilisation just outside the school where Savannah, Rich, Noah, and Ava rush out to help him. Barney is taken to the hospital and recuperates, before meeting Marc who is impressed with Ron. Marc fixes Ron's glitches and thereby makes him a different B-Bot. But Barney wants Ron's original personality back, but Marc says he is locked out from the cloud. Andrew has taken over the company, and the only place to find Ron's memory is to access the cloud at Bubble's headquarters. Barney, Graham, Donka, and Marc break into Bubble HQ to rescue Ron. Through an elaborate plan, Barney manages to make it to the Bubble database and finds Ron's original data and uploads him back into his body. Seeing that Bubble has direct access to everyone's B-Bot and realising that everyone is just as lonely as he was, Barney has the idea to upgrade all B-Bots to have Ron's flaws. But this means that Ron will be dispersed into the internet. Barney reluctantly says goodbye to Ron as his programming is spread to everyone. Andrew is disgraced in front of a crowd of people after Marc secretly recorded him admitting that the B-Bots spy on their owners for profit, and Marc is reinstated as Bubble CEO. Three months later, everyone has a faulty B-Bot, but are happy with their wild and weird personalities. Barney no longer has a B-Bot but has become much more sociable and become close with his former friends. As they hang out at recess, a giant Bubble tower overlooking Nonsuch produces Ron's face, implying that he is still alive. Also starring Marcus Scribner as Alex, Thomas Barbusca as Jayden, Sarah Miller as Bree, and Ruby Wax as Ms Hartley, with additional voices by Liam Payne and Phil LaMarr. The voice casting is very good, from Galifianakis as the cute, damaged robot friend constantly calling Barney "Absalom", to Colman as the eccentric grandmother and Delaney as the profit-obsessed villain. It is a clever story about friendship, Ron the Tic Tac shaped Weeble-like robot with all functions of a mobile phone that can think for itself and its protocols to keep it safe not working is a wonderful character, his glitches make for some really funny moments, but there is also cute and heart-warming stuff, and it also satirises the world of social networking and harvesting data, this really is a film for all the family to enjoy, a terrific and fun computer-animated fantasy comedy. Very good! 0 out of 0 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Engaging and comical kids story for adults CinemaSerf16 October 2021 I'm going to start my review with a moan. Since when was it OK for parents to just let their young children chat throughout a film at a cinema? Or to wander about the aisles dropping popcorn everywhere? My parents would have had a fit, and we would have been unceremoniously removed never to return. Cinema is a shared experience on a big screen, not a surrogate baby-sitting service! Phew, now I have got that off my chest, this is quite a thought-provoking animation. The premiss is nothing especially new, a toy that every kid must have (remember the "Cabbage Patch Doll?") but this story has a far more sinister undertone to it. "Marc" is the bright-eyed, enthusiastic, young CEO of "Bubble" and in best Steve Jobs tradition, addresses his huge team from the "launchatorium" announcing their newest product - the "B-bot". A small, egg-shaped, gadget that is to become the best friend of every child. It will befriend them, know all about them, manage their social media accounts - do just about everything except eat for them. Soon, every kids wants one , has one - and they have become the norm. Except, that is, for "Barney" who lives with his father and his totally bonkers grandma, and whose dad is concerned that kids live too much of their lives vicariously through gadgets. Like so many parents, though, peer pressure ultimately forces their hand - and they buy him one on the black market (well, yes, it literally did fall off the back of a lorry!). It hasn't been pre-programmed like the gazillions of others, and so he "Ron" and "Barney" actually have to learn how to get to know one another. That's the source of many a light-hearted escapade as they begin to like, understand and trust each other whilst the boffins want to reclaim their errant android and squish him up before their share price goes the way of the dodo! The animation is colourful and well designed, and there is a smidgen of humour too, to keep the film moving along quickly and entertainingly. There are certainly quite a few poignant aspects to this: it does write large the worrying expansive culture of popularity, of always keeping up with - or surpassing - your frequently quite shallow (virtual) friends; and of the damage - both physical and psychological - that can be caused when these things go wrong. Also, it swipes fairly and squarely at corporate exploitation and greed - especially when it is directed at children, and at the laziness of the grown-ups who submit, meekly, to anything that makes life easier or less complicated, without the slightest awareness or appreciation of the potential consequences. The ending is a little bit cheesy, i felt - but there is entertainment a-plenty here with quite a strong message for those who paid for the tickets. 15 out of 25 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 It's far from a classic but it is well done and entertaining kevin_robbins15 November 2021 Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) is a movie my daughter and I recently watched in theatres. The storyline follows a young boy named Barney that is an outcast due to not having the latest technology which has replaced cell phones and video games as entertainment and he doesn't have one. When his parents buy him one off market that has a few issues hijinks ensue. This movie is codirected by Sarah Smith (Arthur Christmas), Jean-Philippe Vine (Shaun the Sheep) and Octavio E. Rodriguez (The Epic Tale of Captain Underpants). This movie also contains the voices of Jack Dylan Grazer (IT), Ed Helms (The Hangover), Zach Galifianakis (The Hangover) and Olivia Colman (Hot Fuzz). The animation in this picture is excellent. The storyline was unique and had some great characters, lessons and scenarios. The plot is fun to watch unfold. The dialogue is very entertaining and the friendship conversations as it evolves throughout the movie is good. The action scenes, while often over the top, are fun and had my daughter laughing throughout the movie. Overall this is a slightly above average addition to the genre that's a fun family picture. It's far from a classic but it is well done and entertaining. I'd score this a 7/10 and recommend watching it once. 0 out of 0 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Commentary On Social Media stevendbeard25 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers I saw Ron's Gone Wrong, starring the voices of Jack Dylan Grazer-Shazam!, the It movies; Zach Galifianakis-A Wrinkle in Time, What Happens in Vegas; Ed Helms-Chappaquiddick, the Hangover movies and Olivia Colman-The Crown_tv, Hot Fuzz. This is an animated movie that is basically a commentary on social media and how it affects kids. Jack is a middle school kid that is not very popular-he has no friends. A new personal robot-called 'bots'-is the new cell phone for the younger generation and every kid wants one. With these bots, they can text, talk, send videos & pictures.....etc. And they are a sign of status. They are marketed as being the new best friend to their juvenile owners. Jack does not have one. He keeps asking his father, Ed, for one and when he finally gets one, it is damaged and causes lots of back and forth struggles between it and Jack on their journey to find the true meaning of friendship. Zach voices the damaged bot, Ron and Olivia voices Jack's grandmother. It's rated PG for crude material and language and has a running time of 1 hour & 46 minutes. I enjoyed it enough to buy it on DVD and the younger kids should enjoy it, too. 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 This documentary masquerading as a kiddie flick . . . pixrox126 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers . . . blows the whistle upon Macro Hard Face Goo. RON'S GONE WRONG postulates that even if a benign genius thinker is among the founders of an incipient major social network or software corporation, irredeemable mercenary crooks inevitably will find a way to force the brains behind innovation OUT of the concern, and take the whole shebang over to the Dark Side. As has been documented in countless Sixty Minutes segments, news articles and books--sometimes with the cooperation of defecting corporate whistleblowers--this is EXACTLY what has happened time after time during the past few decades with the Real Life Lucifers now running Macro Hard Face Goo. How sad! 1 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Ron's Gone Right In Many Ways I Did Not Expect rgkarim23 October 2021 LIKES: Great Pace: Animated movies always fluctuate with balance issues and their gimmicks, often executing well and sometimes tipping one way over the other. Ron's Gone Wrong starts with a good pace that moves to be fun and engaging for younger audiences, but not so much to skip the deeper messages lying in wait. The movie handles transitions between the acts very well, each one having a decent amount of time, sticking to a realistic timeline, and still moving to never get lost in any gimmicks. It's a major source of the fun for me, and should be able to hold the fleeting attention of the modern generation. Animation: It's not realistic, it's not groundbreaking, and it's not the most unique pallet to paint on, however Ron's group is certainly fun, cute, and animated well to bring the story to life. Ron's tale has a lot of dynamic movement between the robots that plague the world and the humans who use them and both elements are done extraordinarily well. Younger audiences should welcome the bubbly, rounded features of the world, and even the "darker" aspects are shaded to be less imposing for more sensitive viewers. Nevertheless, the dynamic stunts and adventures are gorgeous and filled with emotion as the more intense moments hit. The Voice Acting: Nothing that hits the Oscar category, but certainly well done nonetheless to get the characters alive and past the simple digital representation. Jack Dylan Grazer hits the vulnerable teen well, a mixture of confusion and hurt that gradually evolves into a more mature role as the movie moves on past the simple adventure. Ed Helms is still excelling at the antagonistic role, and works well in the enunciation and mannerisms that seem to match the character on screen making for a simplistic character to throw a wrench in the gears. The star is Galifianakis though, whose voice of Ron is sensationally casted for the quirky robot struggling to boot up and perform his coding. Ron's style takes the ridiculousness of the actor, but manages to curb it into something tolerable and PG rated that works to be humorous. Even better, he also lends to more emotional moments, managing to never lose the robotic tone and delivery, and yet somehow instilling emotion to the level. The Presentation: The movie is wonderful for helping to really deliver the powerful punches that the movie is trying to execute. The first two acts manage to be focused on the buildup, giving you the hurt and sting of the protagonist and the family's attempts to help him adapt into the new world. It's balanced between fun and drama, keeping a pace that is inviting to the attention of all ages. Then the third act starts to really dive into the fun, never dropping the drama or suspense, but focusing on the subtle moral lessons while keeping the fun. Then it's the final two acts that start to play around with the balance, never eliminating one or the other, but adding the tweaks to again get that presentation going. I loved the designs and close ups of those key moments, while utilizing other things like sound, music, and simple change of perspective to capture all of the moments needed. The Comedy: Not the cleverest, and really not the most spread, but something about Ron's charm manages to make elements of the movie very funny for adults. Sure there is kid humor, all about using slap stick and quotable lines to have your little ones giggling in delight. Ron's lines in particular are reminiscent of technology gone wrong, mixed with childlike innocence and wonder, and mixed with just enough sarcasm and blunt humor to be very entertaining. Slapstick moments arise decently, and other elements integrated into the mix with other characters will touch other comedy moments lightly. It works well with the theme, being a staple without overcoming the other elements and I enjoyed it even if I was not on the floor laughing the whole time. The Story/Morals: This is probably the strongest thing I latched onto in this movie, the story and the lessons tied with it. Barney's tale is relevant to this reviewer, not only in personal experiences, but in approaches to the modern trends and way of life that the last 7 years has brought. Feeling the social life being lost to the technology life is tough, and Barney's caught in between both that are combatting for the dominance in the world. Upon Ron's emergence, this tale really tries to highlight things that I think are important and what I try to do, which touches a lot of my heart strings and brought the fun out of the movie. As the relationship between the two protagonists evolves, the directors and animators try to up the game and in many senses I think hit the check boxes for that emotional punch we all need in these movies. Especially the ending where the climactic collision of all the stories works together to really deliver the finale we have been looking forward to all this time. DISLIKES: Predictable: I never expected this to be the case of a surprise, but you always hope for something to blow your mind with these movies. In this case, the movie is very linear and predictable, taking suspense away because of how much I knew was coming. For most, this won't be an issue if they are having fun, but as a reviewer there is a little bit of tweaking to help get the story to engage to older audiences past the target audience age. Some plot holes also can get in the way of things at times, primarily when logic and security tend to be easily subverted to get the job done. The Character Usage: I'm mixed on this because in truth they did do a nice job keeping many characters in the film, it's just that some of them really get dropped despite the hints they do in one scene. The climax suggested there would be a lot more involvement with some of the other kids and their talents, but that did not happen, and they were mostly used for some political moments rather than ingraining them into the tale. They are used quite powerfully, but I can't say that there is room for improvement to assist with the better development with some of the group. Ron can be a bit annoying: This is a small tweak definitely, but the I have to admit that there are times when Ron's antics are a little too much. Primarily at the beginning when Barney is trying to get him set up, the writers tended to stray into the realm of a few jokes too far. It gets mitigated much more down the line, but there are a few times of going down the kid avenue over the adult humor. The Comedy: Not perfect, but Ron's Gone Wrong could have used a little more adult humor to bring the adults in further. Again, it does not mean it has to go down the levels of derogatory humor, but 90's television and Shrek has proven you can be a little bolder with comedy and hide it from the kids. I would have liked that very much for helping break some things up instead. The Politics: Yes, there is unfortunately some political preachiness in this film, and to the point of being a little in your face. However, I have to say it's not promoting the usual manners and was more acceptable than some of the other films I've seen in the past (looking at you Charlie's Angels 2019). But, the messages in Ron's about friendship vs. Technology may rub people the wrong way depending on which way you swing in the era of Social Media vs Social Networking with people. I think Ron does a nice job mitigating it if you stick with it, but it can be hard given some of the in your face symbolism and lines. This may be the part that will drive more people away, primarily due to the challenges of change and taking steps back from technology that can get in the way of fun. The VERDICT: Ron's Gone Wrong may not be the movie of the year for Academy Awards compared to movies like Soul. Yet this movie should not be ignored or destroyed because it does not go down the "progressive" or unique edge in terms of what Disney can do. However, the movie has a lot of heart to it, really exploring avenues that socially awkward people like myself can learn, take comfort in, and hopefully get some lessons to others for surviving in this world. I loved the buddy comedy, had a blast with the pacing and design, and really felt some great moments in the story piece of the film. True, there are plot gaps and predictability, and the character usage is a bit lacking, leaning towards woke symbolism and hyperbole than true integration. In addition, there are also some heavy handed preaching components that my generation and onward may be turned off on given the approach to life we take. Yet, Ron's journey is a lot of fun, and really does a nice job of walking a balanced line of fun, story, and lessons that I really think is not being represented in the advertising and reviews. Thus, this movie I encourage people to take a look at and potentially be surprised and entertained like I was. My scores for this film are: Animated/Adventure/Comedy: 8.0 Movie Overall: 7.0. 7 out of 7 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 The Challenges of being a middle schooler, including wanting to fit in, are universal rannynm31 October 2021 Ron's Gone Wrong is an outstanding animated film, written by Peter Baynham and Sarah Smith. It really connects with its audience through funny jokes and loveable characters, while also delivering the important message that no matter how kids present themselves, especially in middle school, they all are experiencing similar challenges and feelings. This message is very important, especially for young kids and teens to hear, and Ron's Gone Wrong brings this theme to light. The storyline follows a socially awkward middle schooler named Barney (Jack Dylan Grazer), who is ostracized because he does not own the hottest new piece of tech -- a B-bot, or a digitally connected "Best Friend Out of the Box." That changes when his grandmother and father surprise him for his birthday with his very own B-bot, although this B-bot is a bit different than what he expected. The film is critical of social media replacing friendships in real life and the potential of tech companies to violate people's privacy. One of the characters has an embarrassing image of her go viral through her B-bot, resulting in her feeling embarrassed and being unable to take it down. Ron's Gone Wrong has a very talented, all-star cast. Jack Dylan Grazer's portrayal of Barney makes him believable and relatable as a middle school outcast. Another hilarious cast member is Zach Galifianakis, who voices the defective B-bot, Ron. He cracks me up and makes this movie so funny. Director Octavio Rodriguez creates a vibrant, colorful animation style that brings these characters to life - especially the B-bots, but also the goat and chicken that belong to Barney's grandmother who is from "the old country." The primary message is that the challenges of being a middle schooler, including wanting to fit in and make friends, are universal. There is also a critical message about the danger of too much technology and its impact on kids and the world. Parents should know there is some animated violence when Ron goes after Barney's bullies, but overall, the film is very positive. I give Ron's Gone Wrong 5 out 5 stars and I highly recommend it for ages 9 to 18, plus adults. I love this movie and believe you will too. You can watch Ron's Gone Wrong in theaters October 21, 2021. By Samantha B., KIDS FIRST! 1 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Right up there with the animated classics. Anurag-Shetty1 November 2021 Ron's Gone Wrong tells the story of Barney(Jack Dylan Grazer) & Ron(Zach Galifianakis), Barney's new artificially intelligent B-Bot. Ron has a glitch & it's up to Barney to fix him, no matter what. Ron's Gone Wrong is an awe-inspiring film. Directors Sarah Smith & Jean-Philippe Vine have given us a movie that shows us, the advantages & pitfalls of this social media obsessed age that we live in. The result is a hilarious & heartwarming adventure that will be a lot of fun for the kids but, it will also be entertaining yet relatable to the adults in the audience. The animation is fantastic. The comedic set pieces are guffaw-worthy. There are quite a few emotional scenes that will make you tear up. The voice acting is one of the strong points of the film. Jack Dylan Grazer is outstanding as Barney. Zach Galifianakis is spectacular as Ron. Grazer & Galifianakis' characters share this effortless camaraderie that comes across brilliantly, in all their scenes together. Ed Helms is superb as Graham. Olivia Colman is phenomenal as Donka. Rob Delaney is hysterical as Andrew. Justice Smith is perfect as Marc. Kylie Cantrall is amazing as Savannah. Ricardo Hurtado is awesome as Rich. The supporting cast is excellent. Ron's Gone Wrong is a must watch for kids, teenagers & adults, alike. Go, fall in love with Ron! 0 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Not bad Movi3DO22 October 2021 Ron: "Are you my best friend?" Oh damn. Being alone in the theater was a blessing because I was able to laugh out loud with this one. The story was super formulaic with concrete acts and turning points. The theme was nothing new and felt redundant. However, I adored the relationship between the main kid Barney and the malfunctioning bebot Ron. They cracked me up multiple times. The more I watched, the more I became invested in their relationship. Overall, it's a movie that you have seen many times before, but the strong and sweet relationship between the two main characters made this worth a watch. 7.5/10. 10 out of 13 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Best friend Ron legobuilderpro3 November 2021 This was a really cute movie. The animation was pretty and funny when needed, also the designs of the B-Bots were cool and entertaining. Barney is a relatable character and Ron is a lovable, funny, and cute B-Bot. I really liked their friendship with each other and the fun they have. Ron had funny scenes with Barney and I liked how Barney is trying to get Ron to know all about him to be friends. This movie was animated by a new animation studio called Locksmith Animation, this was a great first movie for the studio and I hope there will be more animated movies by them. I recommend going to watch this. Its a fun, funny, entertaining, and cute movie. 1 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 A fine Locksmith Animation film! jp_9127 October 2021 "Ron's Gone Wrong" is a good presentation letter from the animation company Locksmith Animation. The script revolves around friendship and the digital world, the result is pleasant, a positive message that sometimes feels contradictory or implausible (a final act not necessary), but the story does its job. The animation is very good, being quite successful, in the future Locksmith Animation will have a great place in the world of animated cinema. 3 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 A Mediocre Flick statuskuo1 November 2021 I'm old enough to remember artificial intelligence being questioned. "Short Circuit", for example, tackled this idea long before it could even be acknowledge. And for the most part, it gave the more positive spin to inanimate objects learning to be "more human" "Short Circuit" didn't shy from wanting Johnny 5 to have a soul. Ron is perfectly fine staying a program that attempts to save itself in the final 10 minutes of the film. In this case, Ron is a programmed A. I. that is designed to be more of a information analyzer. Or at least absorb everything about a middle school aged child and reguritate the idea of being a friend. A solid concept, to be sure. Where Ron goes wrong is that there is a LOT of misplaced judgement of the future. For instance, a very sophisticated bot being all things to everyone, all the time. We see these as an extension pet of a child but never do see these in the hands of adults. Alexa and Siri would be insulted. Here it monitors all activity and uses an algorithm to pretend to be a friend. Much like Teddy Ruxpin, in terms of a sense of interaction. But never really engaged. So of course we need a hip young mind to promote and program such a thing and a money grubbing Steve Jobs like character to play the villain to exploit such a miracle. Ron is the outlier. A broken beaten bot whose malfunction will obviously give him the insight needed to change things. It does get tedious. Mostly because we know what the issues are. The preaching of tech being evil has run its course. As I'm sure the makers had their hearts in the right place. Tech was made to better our lives but made us much more distant. The movie offers no solution. Only a glimpse that we need to re-focus our reliance of using tech to be less distant to humanity. Small steps, I suppose. A mid-range look at these things. Especially when Barney (lead characters) world of humanity consists of a nebbish father and a annoying grandmother. 2 out of 4 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Ron's gone wrong rnixon-1566325 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers 2021 PG director: Sarah Smith and Jean Phillipe Divine. Starring: Jack Dylan Grazer, Zach Galifianakis, Ed Helms, Olivia Colman, Rob Delaney, Justice Smith, Kylie Cantrall, Ricardo Hurtado etc The story of Barney, an awkward middle-schooler and Ron, his new walking, talking, digitally connected device. Ron's malfunctions set against the backdrop of the social media age launch them on a journey to learn about true friendship. Ron's gone wrong was ok and fine for what it was. My first few positives would be the strong animation and set up. As well as the great worldbuilding and interesting elements. Also, the likeable characters, humour, and interesting family dynamic. The film was visually stunning with a rich storyworld and aesthetically pleasing set locations, also with impressive animation for the characters that looked realistic but also unique to some other animations. I also thought the set-up of introducing the B bots and what their function were intrigued me and was a strong start to the film. The worldbuilding itself was also strong, with the film going into great amounts of details about the b bots and their function and building and expanding on the world with the character or Ron, it had layers to it and didn't feel one dimensional so was always invested in the world the characters were in. I also thought the characters were very likeable. Barney had this loveable charm to him as a character and he was easy to sympathise and connect with and I feel like his character can be relatable to a lot of people watching. Especially younger kids who perhaps feel the same as his character. I also loved the family dynamic. Him losing his mother and never building the relationship with his dad gave some interesting themes and depth, and the comedic chemistry with the grandmother was always fun to watch. The films humour especially with the grandmother and the weird and wonderful situations Barney got into with Ron got some good laughs. My first few negatives are the generic plot elements. The repetitive humour and forced dialogue. As well as the pacing issues. The film recycled a lot of plot points and themes from other movies and this kind of movie has been done before and done better. A film like the Mitchell's vs the machines comes to mind. I also thought not all the humour landed. The film was inconsistent and went very repetitive with some of the jokes. They lost their impact after a certain number of times and it became slightly tedious and annoying hearing the same joke multiple times. I also thought a lot of the dialogue felt very corny and forced. Particularly with a lot of the characters and how they interact with Barney. It just felt very unrealistic and generic with why the kids were being mean to him and the dialogue shined a light on this. I also thought the pacing was very messy. The film was too chaotic and was moving at such a fast pace but with a surprising lack of plot. So, it missed opportunities for more depth as it constantly wanted to move onto new things and just threw everything at you, so it lacked focus. My final few positives would be the strong themes and charming tone. As well as the chemistry between the characters and heart-warming moments. And the villain was strong with an entertaining and uplifting final act. I think the themes on friendship and family, as well as making relationships in the real world and not creating a fake version of yourself was strong and very important. This film also had a very charming tone, the chemistry and friendship between Ron and Barney was very sweet as they grew their friendship and they both learned from each other, and it was a heart-warming highlight of the film. They both had such a great chemistry with each other and as Ron learned more about Barney the more emotionally connected Barney felt to something as he grew to accept himself. I also thought the villain was strong, the themes that the villain helped highlight were strong. Highlighting the need for security and controlled screen time especially when they are kids, and how horrible the villain was with the invasion of the kid's privacy helped to highlight this. Finally, I thought the final act was uplifting and entertaining. The final act was the strongest part of the film for me. It was heart-warming with Barney finally feeling accepted and his arc with his family was very touching and well done. It was entertaining and visually stunning and offered a great message that ended the film on a high note. My final few negatives would be the lack of development and stakes. As well as the odd character decisions. For me the film really lacked any plot or development for a good chunk of the run time. It felt like it was more of a series repetitive plot points that weren't going anywhere. And with a lack of a strong villain until the second half, for a while the film just wasn't going anywhere. This impacted the pacing and the quality of the writing. There was also just a complete lack of stakes, there was no real sense of danger for a large portion of the film, it felt like it wasn't challenging itself or the characters enough, therefore limiting the amount of development the plot and characters could have. I also thought that there were some odd creative decisions with the characters. I found it very strange that the film spent so long having characters like Savannah and Rich bully Barney for so long, only for them to suddenly be friends with him, it just felt very odd and I found it hard to believe the characters would change their point of view on each other so quickly. Overall, Ron's gone wrong has strong animation, A loveable lead duo. And raises some good themes, its heart was in the right place. But the thinly written and recycled plot as well as a general feeling of playing it too safe impacted my enjoyment considerably. It was serviceable and families will enjoy it, but I don't think I will be watching it again. Overall rating 62/100. 0 out of 0 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Good animation film although with a slightly odd twist coombsstephen23 October 2021 I really enjoyed this film, the characters are good, and cross over well for adult viewers, and the plot is modern and quite on point. The film is funny, absorbing and goes at a good pace. All I found odd was the main company in the film was obviously aimed at a certain technology company and the villain in the film seemed to be directly aimed at a a person who has long passed away and was not a villain in most people's eyes. 0 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Good message to the kids ilovefoodcoma27 October 2021 Kids nowadays are so into device & social media. This movie will definitely show the kids what is real friendship in life! However, the animation is just so so. 0 out of 0 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Solid movie for kids ivanmessimilos28 October 2021 Although it is treated here through a modern and contemporary approach, a topic like friendship and acceptance of others is timeless and always current. It is clear that modern technology is emphasized here, so it seems relevant. The film has a few good moments and jokes that made me laugh. Maybe it takes a little too long for the kids and some scenes probably needed to be shortened so it would last shorter and get on quality. The lesson of the film is a good, solid film for children. 0 out of 0 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 Missed opportunity isaacochoterena28 October 2021 The premise of this movie is promising, but as it progresses, the plot becomes very boring and tedious. The constant change of the conflict to be resolved makes the film boring and tedious, it wants to give several messages, among them the one that the new generations are becoming addicted to technology and that this blinds them about human contact, which contradicts itself with The end of the movie. It wants to imply that social networks and technology companies can steal our privacy, but I think the message is directed towards parents not to introduce their children to technology from an early age. Other things do not finish materializing, such as the message of feeling belonged and lonely, or that a friend can be totally different from you. The film is full of conveniences that favor the protagonist. The highlights are the animation and the development of some characters. The film fails when trying to convey many messages through many subplots that do not finish materializing, just as I think this film could seem a bit boring for children, although it can be a bit emotional due to the theme of friendship. 3 out of 7 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 1/10 Ron's Gone Woke jonasatmosfera6 November 2021 It is impossible to watch virtually anything made for children these days. The idea is always the same. People come up with a theme, let's say a space adventure, a christmas themed story, or in this case a futuristic story of a boy and his robot. But these ideas are only the thin wrapping of the same idea. The films have become brain washing devices. Everyone must conform to the same mindset, same way of thinking, same everything. Everyone must be happy and have all sorts of friends. For people who are always talking about diversity, they seem pretty much invested in destroying "other types" of diversity. The only diversity that works is theirs. These folks also seem to forget that children can be very mean, as much as grown ups. So these saccharine stories sound as false and unauthentic as the talk of a slick car salesmam. 2 out of 9 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 An Important story rohanumpleby18 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers People are addicted to the internet specifically teenagers and this movie shows it here. People aren't playing with friends as they are to buisy playing with there robots where they can go live and show the world what they are doing. Ron was a funny robot and I loved how his character was written. The overall story is Ok but it is important to are society. The boy's dad wants him to make friends and play with them instead of playing on technology like Phones as an E.g. The story is also original and theres a few good laughs. It was a nice day out with my family my 1 brother he was only one that came out of the other 2 and then my annoying sister 😂, and My dad and we all had fun. So take your family and enjoy it I promise you will enjoy it more. 5 out of 6 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 I have never been so surprised by a film in the cinema evansjoshyr15 October 2021 I am 19 years old and I took my 6 year old brother to the cinema today because he'd heard about this film from school and his friend was going to see it. I did not have high expectations. It was a 6.4 on Imdb and I had heard nothing positive about it. This experience was just so that my brother could have a good time and enjoy himself. And yet by the end of the film, I found myself in awe. I had felt practically felt every emotion at one point or another at some point in the film. The jokes are quick and witty. The emotional moments are poignant and thought provoking. The general theme of friendship is so wholesome and the characters are well rounded. Even the villain was surprisingly great. He wasn't some mindless psycho wanting take over the world. He was a greedy owner of a successful company that cared more about the profits than the consumers. Sound like any companies we know? The ending was especially sad and unpredictable. If you are like me and had doubts about this film, I encourage you to go see it. Its like the Mitchell's vs the machines but even better. 26 out of 28 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Really good watch for all ages... important to chris_rowe-881-16882015 October 2021 It's got a really current message and an important one to, don't let the new social just be online based, none of that's important, better to have a small group of great friends than hundreds that are online. The difference they showed in character when the real connection was there was heartwarming and a really great moment. It was funny and surprisingly deep, from finances to widowed parent families to making do with what you've got it's brilliant, being entitled isn't the answer and having the newest commercially pushed items aren't always the things that bring happiness. I felt big hero 6 with how to train the dragon vibes, it really deserves to be up there with those kinda classic animated films. It's a bit silly but it's so close to real world stories it's almost refreshing it's so relatable, I love animated films but anything non Disney I don't expect much from but this is just such an absolute joy. I hope we can save kids from being controlled by technology and enjoy the world, same to for adults, maybe the reason people don't care and treasure the outside world enough is because their lives are focused in their hands? Ironic as I wrote this review on a phone lol. 10 out of 13 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 A Good Start for LockSmith Animation Clank_Zoka16 October 2021 So this is very interesting, there is a recent animation studio that goes by the name of LockSmith Animation, founded by Sarah Smith who directed Arthur Christmas, so this is should be a good film to start off this studio and see what they are capable of, this just came out yesterday in the UK and I got a chance to see it today with high hopes! And..., yeah it was good, a good film that is indeed a good start, but not without a few minor complaints, so let's talk about it. First off the animation is quite impressive, there is a certain style and colour to it that looks rather extraordinary, the characters have a distinct cartoony design to them that I quite admire, the textures are nicely rendered, the B*Bots are wildly creative in how they look and move, it's very impressive and quite imaginative, I like the music too especially Henry Jackman's score and the song Sunshine by Liam Payne, the characters are easy to like even if they are cliched stereotypes, especially Ron (Zach Galifianakis) who is lovable and Barney (Jack Dylan Grazer) who is relatable in every way, thanks to the very solid voice acting, they carry the comedy and the drama rather well also, the story does have it's good heart and even stronger comedy, with also sweet moments that are quite admirable like i was surprised by how funny this film was, the film does get even more interesting and the steaks get bigger as it goes along, I like the ending a lot as it does fulfil the film's concept and message. However there are a couple of things that are as wrong as Ron, like the movie has quite the cliches in it's story and it's quite predictable for the most part, that and the animation looks very similar to something like Arthur Christmas (hence Sarah Smith's involvement) heck Barney looks like him and Andrew (Rob Delaney) looked like Steve and Ron looked like Baymax, it also looks similar to Mitchells Vs. The Machines not just because of Olivia Colman's Involvement, the bully character can be annoying at times, also there are a few moments of very poor attempts to make fart jokes funny and it still doesn't work, I don't get it..., it's not very funny. So yeah I did enjoy this movie for quite a bit and it was a good start for this animation studio, Ron's Gone Wrong is a enjoyable family animated feature that anyone can watch of any age, with it's impressive animation, a nice heart and message, a decently written story, likeable enough characters, very good voice acting, great comedy and a cool concept, but the silly moments of toilet humour, as to be expected cliches and easy to predict story doesn't give this film quite the magnum opus that LockSmith needs in a way, it's still a good animated movie that I can see everyone enjoying and remembering, but hey it's not perfect, so check it out when it comes out in the US, I certainly wish the best of luck to Locksmith for more potentially great animated features in the future! I'm going to give Ron's Gone Wrong a 7.9/10. 1 out of 2 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Not too much for adults here. Dottsylove24 October 2021 What?? You think kids make these things??? Anyway there is the fascination with the robots inquisitiveness off knowing the number of newtons it takes to "rip a head off"besides that You would have to ask a kid. 5.3 out of 10. 0 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 3/10 Holy salamander cuttlefish nfpirr27 October 2021 How do you take a brilliant sounding concept and squander it? I don't know but these people sure did it! Watch either Big Hero 6 or Mitchell's Vs the machines instead. 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Hilarious and sentimental nlgthunder3 November 2021 Too bad this movie isn't getting more buzz. The animation was really good, the concept is extremely relevant, it's enjoyable for all age levels, it's funny, as well as really emotional. Some parts were a little on the nose, but this is a kid's movie after all. I think the story was written in a way that many kids will be able to relate to. The theme of not fitting in, being left out when it comes to gadgets, and being "on the outside looking in" are all extremely relevant. The comedy aspect of Ron's Gone Wrong was well paced and we'll delivered, the sentiment was strong, and this movie was definitely enjoyable. 0 out of 0 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink An error has occured. Please try again. Load More See also Awards | FAQ | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews Ron's Gone Wrong Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Bakancslista a list of 38 titles created 24 Feb 2017 Quero assistir a list of 32 titles created 12 Sep 2020 V Animación a list of 49 titles created 11 months ago Movies 2021 a list of 48 titles created 10 months ago 2021-2022 movies I want to see. a list of 34 titles created 5 days ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.