Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7504818/news/?ref_=tt_nwr_sm
Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Ron's Gone Wrong (2021) News Bo Report: ‘No Time To Die’ records highest opening weekend of pandemic-era 15 November 2021 by Jackie Keast IF.com.au Since cinemas reopened around the country, there was one film in particular that exhibitors were banking on to lure audiences back to theatres: No Time To Die. They were right: With a weekend result of $11.2 million, the 25th Bond film is the highest opener since December 2019’s Jumanji: The Next Level, and sits only marginally behind 2015’s Spectre. Australia was the last major market in the world to debut No Time To Die, the final Bond film with Daniel Craig, bowing here on 817 screens. Worldwide, it has now crossed $US700 million; the only other Hollywood film to hit that threshold in the pandemic-era is Fast & Furious 9. The local result for the long-anticipated Universal title – one of the first delayed by Covid – has thrilled exhibitors across the country, from multiplexes to through to smaller independent circuits and upscale venues. Most are looking forward with optimism, with a flurry of See full article at IF.com.au » Permalink Report this Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford 15 November 2021 by Mike Tyrkus CinemaNerdz Marvel’s Eternals held onto the box-office weekend crown, though the film’s margin of victory was far less than the $63.4 million it sported last weekend. The newest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe pulled in $27.5 million during its second weekend of release. Eternals now sports a two-week total of $118.8 million. Second place was claimed by newcomer Clifford the Big Red Dog, which debuted with an opening weekend of $16.4 million Eternals…$27.5 Million Clifford the Big Red Dog…$16.4 Million Dune: Part One…$5.5 Million No Time To Die…$4.6 Million Venom: Let There Be Carnage…$4.0 Million Ron’s Gone Wrong…$2.2 Million The French Dispatch…$1.8 Million Belfast…$1.8M Spencer…$1.5 Million Antlers…$1.2 Million The post Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford first appeared on CinemaNerdz. See full article at CinemaNerdz » Permalink Report this For ‘Eternals,’ It’s a Box-Office Slide; for Awards Titles Like ‘Belfast,’ It’s a Shrinking Audience 14 November 2021 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire “Eternals” dropped 61 percent in its second weekend, which stands at the high end for the Marvel Cinematic Universe — especially after its low-end opening of $71 million. The good news? Considering the film’s negative critical and audience response (including a record-low B Cinemascore), that performance is better than expected. That also stands as a fair description for the weekend’s grosses, which total around $72 million. “Clifford the Big Red Dog” is #2 with $16.4 million for the weekend, $22 million total for five days (it opened midweek for the Thursday school holiday), parallel to streaming on Paramount Plus. Also, no holdover in the top 10 dropped more than 39 percent. Overall, this weekend performed at 65 percent of the same weekend in 2019; the rolling four-week average stands at 75 percent. However, with nothing opening to compete with “Frozen” and the $269 million it generated in November 2019, expect further comparisons this month to be brutal. “Eternals” suggests another case of See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Box Office: "Eternals" opens big, "Spencer" doesn't pack them in. 08 November 2021 by NATHANIEL R FilmExperience What did you see this past week/weekend? The public came out in droves for Marvel's disappointing Eternals because the public always comes out for Marvel's Anything. In more surprising news Wes Anderson's The French Dispatch held strong as it added theaters and continues to overperform while Spencer, despite a lot of Oscar buzz for Kristen Stewart, slightly underperformed. Of course you could also argue that it overperformed given the dire market these days for non-franchise* adult-oriented pictures. Weekend Box Office November 5th-7th See full article at FilmExperience » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ debuts with $71 million despite being the worst-reviewed Marvel movie 08 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby When Marvel boss Kevin Feige hired Chloe Zhao to direct “Eternals,” he probably didn’t expect the centuries-spanning superhero franchise starter to receive the Marvel Cinematic Universe’s worst reviews ever. But Zhao’s follow-up to Best Picture winner “Nomadland” — at least in release date; “Eternals” was filmed before Zhao’s 2020 drama — was raked over the coals by critics, earning an even worse aggregate score on Rotten Tomatoes than previous MCU duds like “Thor: The Dark World” and “The Incredible Hulk.” Not that any of this mattered to audiences: “Eternals” opened with an estimated $71 million over the weekend, the fourth-best opening during the pandemic behind in North America. Globally, “Eternals” has earned $161 million so far, the second-largest worldwide debut during this era behind only “F9.” Of course, not everything about that above picture was fully rosy: “Eternals” was expected to debut with a larger figure — closer to $75 million. “Eternals” is See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Bo Report: ‘Eternals’ lifts exhibitors’ spirits 08 November 2021 by Jackie Keast IF.com.au In a hopeful sign that the theatrical market is getting back on track, Eternals posted the fourth largest opening of the pandemic-era last weekend, behind only Black Widow, Godzilla vs. Kong and Fast & Furious 9. Bowing on $5.92 million from 695 screens, the Disney/Marvel title was overwhelmingly the main choice of cinemagoers across the country, capturing a 58 per cent market share. Directed by Chloe Zhao, the film follows a group of immortal aliens who have protected the Earth since the dawn of man, and who forced to reunite in order to defeat their evil counterparts, the Deviants. The ensemble cast includes Gemma Chan, Richard Madden, Kumail Nanjiani, Lia McHugh, Brian Tyree Henry, Lauren Ridloff, Barry Keoghan, Don Lee, Harish Patel, Kit Harington, Salma Hayek and Angelina Jolie. In the US/Canada, Eternals opened on $US91 million. Australia was the fifth largest market for the film internationally behind Korea, UK, France and Mexico, See full article at IF.com.au » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Opens To A Strong $71 Million In North America Despite Less-Than-Marvel-ous Reviews 07 November 2021 by Chris Nashawaty Box Office Mojo When it comes to the box office, success is relative. For most Hollywood studios, a $71 million domestic opening would be cause to bust out the bubbly and do a victory dance. But when your movie carries the Marvel banner, expectations are sky high. That’s why the debut of the superhero studio’s latest tentpole, Eternals, may seem like a bit of a mixed bag. Yes, the rookie’s $161.7 million global haul over the weekend was the second-biggest worldwide bow of 2021 (behind onlyF9: The Fast Saga’s $163 million), but its less-than-Marvel-ous reception among critics and audiences raises nagging questions about whether Eternals will have the same long theatrical legs as Marvel’s other recent hits. With early projections putting Eternals’ North American opening somewhere in the neighborhood of $75-$80 million, the star-studded epic about a race of immortal beings fell slightly short of predictions. Still, its $71 million bow ($7.6 million See full article at Box Office Mojo » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Opens to a Box-Office Low for Marvel, but There’s a Bigger Momentum Problem 07 November 2021 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire In a box-office ecosystem dominated by the Marvel Cinematic Universe, a $71 million domestic opening gross for “Eternals” ($171 million worldwide) is somewhat problematic. The third Disney Marvel release in just over four months, it opened below “Black Widow” ($80 million) and “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” ($75 million). Sony also opened “Venom: Let There Be Carnage” last month, to $90 million. “Eternals” opening gross fell about 10 percent beneath already-skittish expectations. That may reflect ongoing uncertainty about theatrical exhibition recovery, but some common sense is in order. Three top Marvel releases, plus “Venom,” in such a short window should mean a decrease in interest. In that context, $71 million is very much in range of normal. That doesn’t even include the bad omens: the weakest reviews ever for an MCU release, social media dominated by controversy over two minor characters, limited interest from much of the core audience and a B Cinemascore — an all-time MCU low. See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Box Office: ‘Eternals’ Reigns Supreme With $71 Million Debut 07 November 2021 by Brent Lang Variety “Eternals” soared to the top of the weekend box office chart, buoyed by mania for all things Marvel. But its $71 million debut fell just shy of more bullish projections, which had the superhero film debuting to $75 million to $80 million. That’s a sign, perhaps, that the iffy reviews muted “Eternals'” results or a signal that the underlying intellectual property, the story of a group of god-like extraterrestrials, didn’t have the resonance of other comic book adaptations. Marvel has successfully introduced lesser-known heroes, such as the Guardians of the Galaxy, to movie fans and spawned successful franchises with them, but that series got a lift from critics and also debuted in a time before anyone had ever heard of Covid. “Eternals” still scored the fourth-best opening weekend for any movie during the pandemic era, sliding in behind Marvel’s own “Black Widow” ($80.3 million) and “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Box-Office Weekend: Dune Retains Top Spot 01 November 2021 by Mike Tyrkus CinemaNerdz For a second straight week, Dune: Part One held the top spot of the box-office weekend, again, besting Halloween Kills by almost double. Dune took in $15.5 million in its second week of release. This gives the sci-fi film a two-week total of $69.4 million. In second, Halloween Kills made $8.5 million during its third weekend, to give it a total of $85.6 million so far. Also, holding firm in the same spot as last week was the latest James Bond film, No Time to Die, which added $7.8 million over the weekend to give the film a four-week tally of $133.3 million. Meanwhile, the anime action-adventure film Boku no Hero Academia: World Heroes Mission debuted in the fourth spot of this week’s top ten with an inaugural weekend of $6.4 million. This knocked Venom: Let There Be Carnage to the fifth spot of this week’s list as it added $5.8 million to give the film a five-week total of $190.4 million. See full article at CinemaNerdz » Permalink Report this Korea Eases Restrictions on Cinemas, ‘Dune’ Rises to Top Box Office in its Second Weekend 01 November 2021 by Patrick Frater Variety South Korean cinemas are anticipating a boost from Monday as the country moves to a policy of living with the Covid-19 coronavirus. In the last weekend before the policy’s implementation “Dune” and “Venom: Let There Be Carnage” swapped positions at the top of the Korean box office. “Dune” rose to first place in its second weekend of release. “Dune,” which was released on Oct. 20, dropped by only 12% in its second weekend. It recorded $2.25 million, for an 11-day cumulative of $6.86 million, according to data from Kobis, the box office tracking service operated by the Korean Film Council (Kofic). “Venom 2” took a steeper tumble of 45% in its third week of release, and added $1.65 million over the weekend. Since its Oct. 13 outing in Korea, it has accumulated $16.7 million. Third place over the weekend belonged to new release “Ron’s Gone Wrong” with $485,000 over the weekend and $644,000 over its opening five days. None See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this ‘Ron’s Gone Wrong’: A Fun Family Adventure About Finding Friends in All the Wrong Places 26 October 2021 by Ben Ross Hollywood Insider Photo: ‘Ron’s Gone Wrong’ When you were a kid, did you ever have that friend that was your rock? The one person on standby that you’d spend every day with, talking and laughing and making memories with? It’s great to have that friend you can rely on through thick and thin to always have your back. Or maybe you didn't really have as many friends growing up and made do with your imagination in your own little world. Relationships change as you grow older and people will come in and out of your life through time, and that’s what’s here at the heart of ‘Ron’s Gone Wrong’. Related article: Exclusive: 'Dune' Full Commentary, Reactions, Making Of - Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac Related article: 'No Time to Die' Full Commentary, Behind the Scenes & Reactions, Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Bond Related article: ' See full article at Hollywood Insider » Permalink Report this Legion Creative Adds Three Execs To Management Team Amid Expansion 26 October 2021 by Patrick Hipes Deadline Exclusive: Hollywood agency Legion Creative has hired Howie Kaplan, Kimberly Leass and Steve Isaacs in leading executive roles in which they will be tasked with expanding the company’s offerings into streaming, TV and video games, while also as part of the management team enhancing Legion’s company culture. The agency works with studios including Walt Disney Pictures, Marvel Studios, Lionsgate, 20th Century Studios, Warner Bros, HBO and Hulu, most recently working on campaigns for the likes of 20th Century’s Ron’s Gone Wrong and Disney’s Encanto. Kaplan has been hired as EVP Strategy, arriving from hi5.agency and Concept Arts where he has worked on 14 No. 1 movies of the year and 11 top 10-grossing movies over the past three years. He has worked with franchises including the Marvel Cinematic Universe, DC Extended Universe, Marvel TV, Star Wars, Star Trek, John Wick, Deadpool, Xbox’s Halo and more. Leass joins as EVP Accounts, See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this ‘Ron’s Gone Wrong’: Animating a Social Media Twist on a Boy-and-His-Dog Story 25 October 2021 by Bill Desowitz Indiewire In “Ron’s Gone Wrong,” the first animated feature by UK-based Locksmith Animation (in theaters only from Disney/20th Century Studios), the titular malfunctioning robot (voiced by Zach Galifianakis) and socially awkward middle-schooler Barney (voiced by Jack Dylan Grazer) struggle to understand the difference between interpersonal and virtual friendship. Thus, for director Sarah Smith (Aardman’s “Arthur Christmas”) and screenwriter Peter Baynham (the “Borat” movies and “Arthur Christmas”), this high-tech, boy-and-his-dog coming-of-age story was an opportunity to explore the impact of social media on children. “It is very much about the process to curate yourself and put some image of yourself out there,” said Smith, who was inspired by “E.T.” and “How to Train Your Dragon,” among others. “Like many kids who feel inadequate, they’re the ones that haven’t actually really cracked friendship. And the joy of Ron is that he is a complete tabula rasa, who’s only See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this How Ron's Gone Wrong Directors Made A Film About Connection While Disconnected [Interview] 25 October 2021 by Jeff Ewing Slash Film "Ron's Gone Wrong," from 20th Century Studios and Locksmith Animation, tells the story of Barney and his robotic B-bot companion, Ron. Ron is part of a brand new product line of small, social media connected bots intended to be your "best friend out of the box," but there's a catch: Ron's broken. Unable to connect to the cloud, he's forced to learn how to befriend Barney and build his own personality the old-fashioned way: by spending time together. It's a charming film with some stellar voice acting talent for characters Barney Pudowski (Jack Dylan Grazer), Ron (Zach Galifianakis), Donka Pudowski (Olivia Colman), and... The post How Ron's Gone Wrong Directors Made A Film About Connection While Disconnected [Interview] appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this Ron's Gone Wrong Co-Writer Peter Baynham Reveals The Surprising Way Ron And Borat Are The Same 25 October 2021 by Jeff Ewing Slash Film Even in our modern, hyper-connected world, friendship is important for any kid growing up. 20th Century Studios' "Ron's Gone Wrong," now in theaters, tackles both the importance of friendship and our contemporary overreliance on technology through the story of awkward middle-schooler Barney (Jack Dylan Grazer) and his "B-bot" robot companion Ron (Zach Galifianakis). When the latter arrives defective and unable to connect to the web of social media by which B-bots learn about and befriend their human companions, Ron's forced to learn to be Barney's "best friend out of the box" the old-fashioned way: odd, goofy, and a little... The post Ron's Gone Wrong co-writer Peter Baynham reveals the surprising way Ron and Borat are the same appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this ‘Antlers’: Will Keri Russell’s horror movie skewer box office competition this weekend? 25 October 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby Horror films have found great success at the 2021 box office, with “A Quiet Place Part II,” “Halloween Kills,” “The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It,” “Candyman,” “Old” and “The Forever Purge” all making more than $40 million in domestic ticket sales. Will “Antlers” (dir. Scott Cooper) be next? The Keri Russell horror movie is arriving in theaters on October 29, just in time for spooky season. Russell stars as an Oregon teacher whose student is harboring a pointy supernatural creature at home; her sheriff brother is played by Jesse Plemons. Beginning right now at Gold Derby, you can predict which movies will earn the #1 through #5 spots at the U.S. box office for this weekend, October 29 – October 31. You can also forecast how much money the weekend’s highest-grossing film will rake in. Hurry and make your box office predictions — it’s fun and easy! Each week the eligible user with the See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this ‘Dune’ spices up the box office with $40 million despite HBO Max debut 25 October 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The blockbuster adaptation of “Dune” was the flavor audiences wanted this weekend, opening above expectations with an estimated $40 million debut in North America despite its wide availability on HBO Max. The Denis Villeneuve film, the first part of what the filmmaker and the film’s fans hope will become a two-part adaptation, was one of the biggest Warner Bros. movies to shift to a day-and-date release. When those release plans were revealed last year, Villenueve wasn’t shy about how he felt. “Warner Bros.’ decision means ‘Dune’ won’t have the chance to perform financially in order to be viable and piracy will ultimately triumph,” Villeneuve said at the time. “Warner Bros. might just have killed the ‘Dune’ franchise. This one is for the fans. AT&T’s John Stankey said that the streaming horse left the barn. In truth, the horse left the barn for the slaughterhouse.” But with its See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Box-Office Weekend: Dune Assumes the Throne 25 October 2021 by Mike Tyrkus CinemaNerdz Again, the marquee debut of the weekend claimed the top spot over the box-office weekend as Dune knocked Halloween Kills from the top spot after only one week. The first of a two-part series, Dune, took in $40.1 million in its first weekend of release. Although that return was less-than-stellar for the sci-fi epic’s opening weekend, it still boasts an impressive $220.7 million worldwide total that has allowed Part Two of the series to be green lit. Meanwhile, the “Halloween” sequel added $14.5 million to boast it’s two-week tally to $73.1 million, despite being bested for the top spot by Dune. Also dropping a spot over the weekend was the latest escapade of 007, No Time To Die, with added $11.9 million, finishing in third place, and lifting its total to $120 million. In its fourth week of release, Venom: Let There Be Carnage fell to the fourth spot in this weekend’s top ten, See full article at CinemaNerdz » Permalink Report this ‘Dune’ dethrones ‘No Time To Die’ to top UK-Ireland box office with £4.8m opening 25 October 2021 by Ben Dalton ScreenDaily ‘The French Dispatch’ starts well for Disney. Rank Film (Distributor) Three-day gross (Oct 22-24) Total gross to date Week 1 Dune (Warner Bros) £4.8m £5.9m 1 2 No Time To Die (Universal) £4.6m £78m 4 3 Venom: Let There Be Carnage (Sony) £2.5m £11.2m 2 4 The Boss Baby 2 (Universal) £1.2m £1.2m 1 5 The Addams Family 2 (Universal) £877,428 £5.3m 3 Gbp to Usd conversion rate: 1.38 Warner Bros’ sci-fi epic Dune has knocked No Time To Die off top spot at the UK-Ireland box office with a £4.8m opening weekend. The film took an average of £7,210 from 668 locations – a strong start, even if down on the location averages of No Time To Die See full article at ScreenDaily » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Showtimes | External Sites Ron's Gone Wrong Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Bakancslista a list of 38 titles created 24 Feb 2017 Quero assistir a list of 32 titles created 12 Sep 2020 V Animación a list of 49 titles created 11 months ago Movies 2021 a list of 48 titles created 10 months ago 2021-2022 movies I want to see. a list of 34 titles created 5 days ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.