Room (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3170832/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_199
Room (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Room 20152015 RR 1h 58m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 396K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 909 272 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:30 12 Videos 99+ Photos DramaThriller Held captive for 7 years in an enclosed space, a woman and her young son finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time.Held captive for 7 years in an enclosed space, a woman and her young son finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time.Held captive for 7 years in an enclosed space, a woman and her young son finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 396K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 909 272 Director Lenny Abrahamson Writer Emma Donoghue(screenplay by) Stars Brie Larson Jacob Tremblay Sean Bridgers Top credits Director Lenny Abrahamson Writer Emma Donoghue(screenplay by) Stars Brie Larson Jacob Tremblay Sean Bridgers See production, box office & company info 761User reviews 486Critic reviews 86Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #199 Won 1 Oscar 107 wins & 140 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 1:30 Room Trailer 2:23 Room Trailer 2:31 Room | Official Trailer HD Trailer 1:30 Official Trailer HD Clip 1:15 Exclusive Clip Clip 0:31 Teaser - Now Playing Clip 0:16 Clip - Now Playing Featurette 1:53 'Room' Cast Discusses Collaboration Interview 2:48 Room - Cast, Director & Screenwriter Interview Interview 3:06 Brie Larson Full Episode 3:30 "The Rook" Star Emma Greenwell Can't Get Enough of "Fleabag" Video 2:26 How TIFF Gets the Oscars Right Photos142 Top cast Edit Brie Larson Maas Ma Jacob Tremblay Jackas Jack Sean Bridgers Old Nickas Old Nick Wendy Crewson Talk Show Hostessas Talk Show Hostess Sandy McMaster Veteranas Veteran Matt Gordon Dougas Doug Amanda Brugel Officer Parkeras Officer Parker Joe Pingue Officer Grabowskias Officer Grabowski Joan Allen Nancyas Nancy Zarrin Darnell-Martin Attending Doctoras Attending Doctor Cas Anvar Dr. Mittalas Dr. Mittal William H. Macy Robertas Robert Jee-Yun Lee News Anchoras News Anchor Randal Edwards Lawyeras Lawyer Justin Mader FBI Agentas FBI Agent Ola Sturik Reporter #1as Reporter #1 Rodrigo Fernandez-Stoll Reporter #2as Reporter #2 Rory O'Shea Reporter #3as Reporter #3 Director Lenny Abrahamson Writer Emma Donoghue(screenplay by) (based on the novel by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri 8.1 Spotlight 8.1 Gone Girl 8.1 12 Years a Slave 8.2 Green Book 8.1 Hacksaw Ridge 8.5 Whiplash 8.1 Million Dollar Baby 8.1 Mad Max: Fury Road 4.4 Room 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.1 The Truman Show Storyline Edit ROOM tells the extraordinary story of Jack, a spirited 5-year-old who is looked after by his loving and devoted mother. Like any good mother, Ma dedicates herself to keeping Jack happy and safe, nurturing him with warmth and love and doing typical things like playing games and telling stories. Their life, however, is anything but typical--they are trapped--confined to a 10-by-10-foot space that Ma has euphemistically named Room. Ma has created a whole universe for Jack within Room, and she will stop at nothing to ensure that, even in this treacherous environment, Jack is able to live a complete and fulfilling life. But as Jack's curiosity about their situation grows, and Ma's resilience reaches its breaking point, they enact a risky plan to escape, ultimately bringing them face-to-face with what may turn out to be the scariest thing yet: the real world. —A24 escapekidnappingmother son relationshipimprisonmentunlawful confinement85 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Love knows no boundaries Genres Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Brie Larson isolated herself in her home for a month without a phone or internet and followed a strict diet in order to get a sense of what Ma and Jack were going through. Larson has said that because she considers herself an introvert who prefers to stay at home, she thought that her month of isolation would be a vacation, but towards the last week she became very depressed and would cry all day. Goofs As Jack is lying face-up, his head at the tailgate of the truck, he beholds the naked sky for the first time. The world is passing by - from top to bottom of the screen. This is exactly the opposite of how he would see it from his established perspective. This is no small error for arguably the most beautiful moment in the film. Quotes Jack: I've been in the world 37 hours. I've seen pancakes, and a stairs, and birds, and windows, and hundreds of cars. And clouds, and police, and doctors, and grandma and grandpa. But Ma says they don't live together in the hammock house anymore. Grandma lives there with her friend Leo now. And Grandpa lives far away. I've seen persons with different faces, and bigness, and smells, talking all together. The world's like all TV planets on at the same time, so I don't know which way to look and listen. There's doors and... more doors. And behind all the doors, there's another inside, and another outside. And things happen, happen, HAPPENING. It never stops. Plus, the world's always changing brightness, and hotness. And there's invisible germs floating everywhere. When I was small, I only knew small things. But now I'm five, I know EVERYTHING! Crazy credits In the "Special Thanks to" part of the credit, there's the name of Jack White, the guitarist and vocalist of the band The White Stripes, a poster of which can be seen in a scene in Joy's bedroom. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Michael Fassbender/Brie Larson/CeeLo Green (2015) Soundtracks Bag Fight Written by Klaus Badelt and Andrew Raiher Performed by Klaus Badelt, Daniel Rojas and Andrew Raiher Published by KB Publishing and A Olympus Pictures Courtesy of Wunderhorn Music, Inc. User reviews761 Review Top review 8/10 Sensitive and Delicate Joy Newsome (Brie Larson) and her son Jack (Jacob Tremblay) live in a small room in a shed without windows and with only a skylight on the roof. When Joy has encounters with a man, Jack locks himself in a closet. When Jack is five years old, Joy tells him that she lived with her parents in a comfortable house and a man called Old Nick lured and kidnapped her seven years ago. Joy plots a scheme to let Jack flee from the room and call the police. When they are rescued, they move to the house of Joy's mother and they have to begin the adaptation to the routine of a normal life. But is it not easy. "Room" is a sensitive and delicate film with a dramatic and realistic story of woman and child abuse and the effects in the aftermath. The screenplay is very well written increasing tension without the use of cheap means such as graphic violence, sex and gore but only subtle dialogues. Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay have awesome performances, showing also fantastic chemistry, and with magnificent supporting cast including names such as Joan Allen and William H. Macy. In the end, "Room" is an unforgettable and unique film that touches the viewer's heart. My vote is eight. Title (Brazil): "O Quarto de Jack" ("The Room of Jack") helpful•18 17 claudio_carvalho Apr 17, 2017 FAQ5 Is 'Room' based on a book? Why did Ma wait until Jack was 5 to escape from Room? How does "Room" make space appear larger and smaller? Details Edit Release date January 15, 2016 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin Canada Ireland United Kingdom United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 房间 Filming locations Apache Burgers, 5236 Dundas St. W., Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada Production companies Element Pictures Film 4 FilmNation Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $13,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $14,677,654 Opening weekend US & Canada $118,298 Oct 18, 2015 Gross worldwide $35,401,758 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 2.39 : 1 Related news HBO TV Show Ratings (updated 11/16/2021) Nov 16TVSeriesFinale.com ‘Belfast,’ Oscar Contender & TIFF Audience Winner, Sees Solid Ticket Sales In “Week By Week, Inch By Inch” Arthouse Recovery – Specialty Box Office Nov 14Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Room (2015) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.