Saving Private Ryan (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120815/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_26
Saving Private Ryan (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Saving Private Ryan 19981998 RR 2h 49m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 115 223 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:10 19 Videos 99+ Photos DramaWar Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 115 223 Director Steven Spielberg Writer Robert Rodat Stars Tom Hanks Matt Damon Tom Sizemore Top credits Director Steven Spielberg Writer Robert Rodat Stars Tom Hanks Matt Damon Tom Sizemore See production, box office & company info 2.7KUser reviews 277Critic reviews 91Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #26 Won 5 Oscars 79 wins & 75 nominations total Videos19 Trailer 2:10 Saving Private Ryan Clip 2:31 A Guide to the Films of Steven Spielberg Clip 1:27 Memorable Military Moments in Film Clip 1:07 'Saving Private Ryan' Anniversary Mashup Clip 0:46 Saving Private Ryan Clip 0:46 Saving Private Ryan Clip 0:31 Saving Private Ryan Clip 0:33 Saving Private Ryan Clip 0:54 Saving Private Ryan Clip 0:20 Saving Private Ryan Featurette 1:07 Saving Private Ryan Featurette 0:54 Saving Private Ryan Photos290 Top cast Edit Tom Hanks Captain Milleras Captain Miller Matt Damon Private Ryanas Private Ryan Tom Sizemore Sergeant Horvathas Sergeant Horvath Edward Burns Private Reibenas Private Reiben Barry Pepper Private Jacksonas Private Jackson Adam Goldberg Private Mellishas Private Mellish Vin Diesel Private Caparzoas Private Caparzo Giovanni Ribisi Tas T… Jeremy Davies Corporal Uphamas Corporal Upham Ted Danson Captain Hamillas Captain Hamill Paul Giamatti Sergeant Hillas Sergeant Hill Dennis Farina Lieutenant Colonel Andersonas Lieutenant Colonel Anderson Joerg Stadler Steamboat Willieas Steamboat Willie Max Martini Corporal Hendersonas Corporal Henderson (as Maximilian Martini) Dylan Bruno Toynbeas Toynbe Daniel Cerqueira Welleras Weller Demetri Goritsas Parkeras Parker Ian Porter Traskas Trask Director Steven Spielberg Writer Robert Rodat All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 The Green Mile 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.9 Schindler's List 8.5 Gladiator 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.6 Se7en 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.8 Fight Club 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.5 The Departed Storyline Edit Opening with the Allied invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944, members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion under Cpt. Miller fight ashore to secure a beachhead. Amidst the fighting, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier in New Guinea, a third brother is KIA. Their mother, Mrs. Ryan, is to receive all three of the grave telegrams on the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he learns of a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, and decides to send out 8 men (Cpt. Miller and select members from 2nd Rangers) to find him and bring him back home to his mother... —J.Zelman rescue missionworld war twoarmyfranceunsubtitled foreign language217 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines In the Last Great Invasion of the Last Great War, The Greatest Danger for Eight Men was Saving... One. Genres Drama War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for intense prolonged realistically graphic sequences of war violence, and for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Steven Spielberg cast Matt Damon as Private Ryan because he wanted an unknown actor with an All-American look. He did not know Damon would win an Oscar for Good Will Hunting (1997) and become an overnight star before the film was released. Goofs Throughout the movie American characters are shown saying "thunder" to identify friendlies, and waiting for the response "flash". But in actuality the challenge word was "flash", and "thunder" the response. The word order is important, as "thunder" was chosen as the password because of its "th" sound. (There is no such sound in German, thus a German soldier would likely be unable to hide his accent if he tried to answer the challenge.) Quotes [weakly mutters something after being mortally wounded] Private Ryan: [leans in closer] What, sir? Captain Miller: James, earn this... earn it. Crazy credits There are no opening credits after the title is shown. Alternate versions In the German-dubbed version of the movie, they were unsure how to distinguish dialog between the German and the American soldiers, since they would all be speaking German. In the end, they decided to address all the American soldiers by their English titles, such as "Sergeant" and "Captain". Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Saving Private Ryan/The Parent Trap/Jane Austen's Mafia!/Disturbing Behavior (1998) Soundtracks Solitude Music by Duke Ellington Lyrics by Irving Mills and Edgar De Lange User reviews2.7K Review Top review 10/10 The only movie my grandfather couldn't finish My grandfather fought in WW2 somehow surviving D-Day. He was apart of Operation Neptune and stormed the beaches of Normandy. He told us a lot of war stories but rarely ever spoke about that day. Before he passed away he did an interview with a local newspaper and detailed what he saw despite it being very difficult for him to speak about. He loved watching war movies... not sure exactly why. Some about that soldier life never really leaves them I guess. He absolutely hated Pearl Harbor cause of the horrible way they portray the military to be a bunch of toothbrush wielding babies who don't know what to do in the event of being attacked. He had a friend stationed there who lost his life and thinks that movie is a disgusting display of ignorance. Soldiers don't take girlfriends on private plane rides. And they most definitely know how to swim. Maybe I'll give that movie a good ripping one day. But Saving Private Ryan was a respectable "I can't watch this" reaction. He said no movie has come that close to capturing what that day was like. He said it was too realistic. Whether or not the story is based on real or fiction, that intro was 100% realistic. I'm not sure if he ever did finish watching it but he appreciated it for capturing that chaos like no other movie has before. I watched the movie a dozen times now and keep it in my collection as a reminder of my grandfather. A scene he was technically in. Which makes me appreciate how strong of a person he really is. War is hell and this movie not only shows that while being an entertaining experience but also captured what soldiers are left behind with. My grandfather was not afraid of anything. I've seen this man walk into a cellar full of black widows to get firewood and not even shake them off. The only time he ever experienced fear was when he went to bed. His nightmares of his time during the war would haunt him in his sleep. This movie helped me understand why. helpful•845 44 keving4241 Oct 11, 2018 FAQ79 What are the ages of all the squad (Miller, Horvath, Reiben, Caparzo, Jackson, Mellish, Wade, Upham)? At the rally point Wade asks Reiben to smell a wounded soldier's leg to find out if it's "South of Cheese", what does that mean? During the Omaha beach battle, what was the language the soldier praying in? Details Edit Release date November 13, 1998 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Twitter Languages English French German Czech Also known as 拯救大兵瑞恩 Filming locations Curracloe Beach, Ballinesker, County Wexford, Ireland Production companies Dreamworks Pictures Paramount Pictures Amblin Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $70,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $217,049,603 Opening weekend US & Canada $30,576,104 Jul 26, 1998 Gross worldwide $482,349,603 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 49 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Tom Hanks Picks His Three Favorite Tom Hanks Movies Nov 11Slash Film Idris Elba Boards Uzo Oleh’s Oscar-Qualifying Short ‘Edicius’ as Executive Producer (Exclusive) Nov 11Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.