Se7en (1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114369/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_20
Se7en (1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Se7en 19951995 RR 2h 7m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.5M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 258 34 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:17 4 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaMystery Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.5M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 258 34 Director David Fincher Writer Andrew Kevin Walker Stars Morgan Freeman Brad Pitt Kevin Spacey Top credits Director David Fincher Writer Andrew Kevin Walker Stars Morgan Freeman Brad Pitt Kevin Spacey See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 177Critic reviews 65Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #20 Nominated for 1 Oscar 29 wins & 43 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 2:17 Official Trailer Trailer 0:31 Seven Clip 1:59 A Guide to the Films of David Fincher Video 3:40 What Roles Did Brad Pitt Miss Out On? Photos223 Top cast Edit Morgan Freeman Somersetas Somerset Brad Pitt Millsas Mills Kevin Spacey John Doeas John Doe Andrew Kevin Walker Dead Man at 1st Crime Sceneas Dead Man at 1st Crime Scene Daniel Zacapa Detective Taylor at First Murderas Detective Taylor at First Murder Gwyneth Paltrow Tracyas Tracy John Cassini Officer Davisas Officer Davis Bob Mack Gluttony Victimas Gluttony Victim Peter Crombie Dr. O'Neillas Dr. O'Neill Reg E. Cathey Dr. Santiagoas Dr. Santiago R. Lee Ermey Police Captainas Police Captain George Christy Workman at Door of Somerset's Officeas Workman at Door of Somerset's Office Endre Hules Cab Driveras Cab Driver Hawthorne James George the Night Guard at the Libraryas George the Night Guard at the Library William Davidson First Guard at the Libraryas First Guard at the Library (as Roscoe Davidson) Bob Collins Second Guard at the Libraryas Second Guard at the Library Jimmy Dale Hartsell Library Janitoras Library Janitor Richard Roundtree Talbotas Talbot Director David Fincher Writer Andrew Kevin Walker All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.8 Fight Club 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.8 Inception 8.4 Django Unchained 8.6 The Green Mile 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.2 Shutter Island 8.5 The Departed 8.5 The Prestige 8.7 Goodfellas Storyline Edit A film about two homicide detectives' (Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt) desperate hunt for a serial killer who justifies his crimes as absolution for the world's ignorance of the Seven Deadly Sins. The movie takes us from the tortured remains of one victim to the next as the sociopathic "John Doe" (Kevin Spacey) sermonizes to Detectives Somerset and Mills -- one sin at a time. The sin of Gluttony comes first and the murderer's terrible capacity is graphically demonstrated in the dark and subdued tones characteristic of film noir. The seasoned and cultured but jaded Somerset researches the Seven Deadly Sins in an effort to understand the killer's modus operandi while the bright but green and impulsive Detective Mills (Pitt) scoffs at his efforts to get inside the mind of a killer... —Mark Fleetwood <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu> serial killerdetectiveserial murderseven deadly sinsmurder306 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to light. Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for grisly afterviews of horrific and bizarre killings, and for strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia As preparation for his traumatic scene in the interrogation room, Leland Orser would breathe in and out rapidly, so that his body would be overly saturated with oxygen, giving him the ability to hyperventilate. He also did not sleep for a few days, in order to achieve his character's disoriented look. Goofs Many fans and critics initially thought the movie was clearly set in New York City, so the nearby desert was seen as a geographical error. In fact, while the story was inspired by screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker's unhappy time living in Queens, the film explicitly does not take place in NYC or any other specific locale; in this manner, the desert being so close to a major metropolitan area is not a mistake. Quotes David Mills: Wait, I thought all you did was kill innocent people. John Doe: Innocent? Is that supposed to be funny? An obese man... a disgusting man who could barely stand up; a man who if you saw him on the street, you'd point him out to your friends so that they could join you in mocking him; a man, who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish your meal. After him, I picked the lawyer and I know you both must have been secretly thanking me for that one. This is a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath that he could muster to keeping murderers and rapists on the streets! David Mills: Murderers? John Doe: A woman... David Mills: Murderers, John, like yourself? John Doe: [interrupts] A woman... so ugly on the inside she couldn't bear to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside. A drug dealer, a drug dealing pederast, actually! And let's not forget the disease-spreading whore! Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face. But that's the point. We see a deadly sin on every street corner, in every home, and we tolerate it. We tolerate it because it's common, it's trivial. We tolerate it morning, noon, and night. Well, not anymore. I'm setting the example. What I've done is going to be puzzled over and studied and followed... forever. Crazy credits SPOILER: Kevin Spacey's name is not included in the opening titles to keep the John Doe intrigue going. To compensate, he is listed twice in the closing credits: once before the credits start rolling and once in the rolling credits in order of appearance. Alternate versions USA laserdisc edition adds a few scenes deleted from theatrical release as a bonus at the end of the program, including: a prologue where Somerset (Morgan Freeman) is going to buy a country house. He uses his switchblade (seen many times in the final cut, but not explained) to cut out a small piece of wallpaper. There is an extended scene at the Mills' when David (Brad Pitt) is playing with his dogs, and Somerset talks to Tracy. He tells her about the house and shows her the wallpaper. She tells him that it wouldn't be such a good idea to show it to David, saying "He wouldn't understand.". These two scenes establish Somerset's characters better, and the second one helps the viewer understand why the wife chooses Somerset to talk to when she gets pregnant. She knows that Somerset is much more sensible than her husband, and will understand her. The second one however was probably dumped earlier since it is included among the dailies and outtakes and the first one appears as a deleted scene. Connections Edited into L'Affaire Caravage (2020) Soundtracks Closer (Precursor) Written by Trent Reznor Performed by Nine Inch Nails Courtesy of Nothing/TVT/Interscope Records By Arrangement with Warner Special Products and TVT Records User reviews1.6K Review Top review 10/10 Modern Masterpiece!! Gothic, shocking, suspenseful, disturbing and clever, `Seven' marked a new beginning for director David Fincher's career. This dark tale of murder and crime revolves around two detectives in present New York city played by two brilliant actors `Brad Pitt' and `Morgan Freeman' who are paired together to solve a puzzle of murder that is at the hands of a man who kills regarding to the seven deadly sins. Both actors displayed striking performances that are so sharp and realistic sometimes you have to remind yourself that's its all acting. David Fincher's masterpiece really gives us an opportunity of a lifetime, maybe it's one that we don't all wish to share, but by seeing this movie you will experience a glimpse of the horrors that this world is filled with, and a small piece of mind of a man who you only prey you never have to meet. Brad Pitt successfully proves to us that he's not just a pretty face on screen, and that he sinks into his character so well, that you can walk off after the film finishes classifying him as a pretty darn good actor. You wouldn't expect anything else from Morgan Freeman because it's perfectly obvious that this guy was born to play the roles of the smart detective. David Fincher's timeless directing and memorable filming captures all the goods that this film has to offer and will undoubtedly leave you shocked and begging for more films like this. Seven is a step into the harsh realities of life, a realistic portrayal of two detectives investigation into the un-describable horrific world murder, and the darkest realms of the human soul. We can only prey for more classic memorable work from Mr. Fincher and for those future directors who are intent on making a gothic, psychological thriller, make sure you sit down and watch Seven with a pen and paper ready to take notes. helpful•358 79 tsatsas Jun 20, 2002 FAQ11 Why do some of the SWAT guys call Mills and Somerset "Dicks"? What is "Se7en" about? Is "Se7en" based on a book? Details Edit Release date September 22, 1995 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Centrumfilmow Official Facebook Language English Also known as 七宗罪 Filming locations Pacific Electric Building, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Cecchi Gori Pictures Juno Pix New Line Cinema See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $33,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $100,125,643 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,949,807 Sep 24, 1995 Gross worldwide $327,333,559 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 7 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Shazad Latif Tapped To Play Captain Nemo In Disney Series ‘Nautilus’, Michael Matthews On Board To Direct Nov 12Deadline Film + TV ‘Who We Are: A Chronicle of Racism in America’ documentarians on ‘finding things about our history that I had never been taught’ [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW] Nov 10Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Se7en (1995) in Mexico?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.