See No Evil (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0437179?ref_=rlm
See No Evil (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In See No Evil 20062006 RR 1h 24m IMDb RATING 5.1/10 27K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:48 1 Video 64 Photos ActionHorrorThriller A group of delinquents are sent to clean the Blackwell Hotel. Little do they know reclusive psychopath Jacob Goodnight has holed away in the rotting hotel. When one of the teens is captured,... Read allA group of delinquents are sent to clean the Blackwell Hotel. Little do they know reclusive psychopath Jacob Goodnight has holed away in the rotting hotel. When one of the teens is captured, those who remain - a group that includes the cop who put a bullet in Goodnight's head fou... Read allA group of delinquents are sent to clean the Blackwell Hotel. Little do they know reclusive psychopath Jacob Goodnight has holed away in the rotting hotel. When one of the teens is captured, those who remain - a group that includes the cop who put a bullet in Goodnight's head four years ago - band together to survive against the brutal killer. IMDb RATING 5.1/10 27K YOUR RATING Rate Director Gregory Dark Writer Dan Madigan Stars Glenn Jacobs Christina Vidal Michael J. Pagan Top credits Director Gregory Dark Writer Dan Madigan Stars Glenn Jacobs Christina Vidal Michael J. Pagan See production, box office & company info 194User reviews 138Critic reviews 17Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 nominations Videos1 Trailer 0:48 See No Evil Photos64 Top cast Edit Glenn Jacobs Jacob Goodnightas Jacob Goodnight Christina Vidal Christineas Christine Michael J. Pagan Tyeas Tye Samantha Noble Kiraas Kira Steven Vidler Williamsas Williams Cecily Polson Margaretas Margaret Luke Pegler Michaelas Michael Rachael Taylor Zoeas Zoe Penny McNamee Melissaas Melissa Craig Horner Richieas Richie Mikhael Wilder Russellas Russell Tiffany Lamb Hannahas Hannah Sam Cotton Young Jacobas Young Jacob Cory Robinson Blaineas Blaine Zoe Ventoura Eyeless Womanas Eyeless Woman Annalise Woods Young Girlas Young Girl (as Annaliese Woods) Tim McDonald Officer 1as Officer 1 Trent Huen Officer 2as Officer 2 Director Gregory Dark Writer Dan Madigan All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 4.7 See No Evil 2 5.7 Hatchet 5.5 Hatchet II 5.7 Hatchet III 6.9 Nailed 5.5 Victor Crowley 5.3 Laid to Rest 5.4 The Hills Run Red 5.5 Wrong Turn 2: Dead End 8.0 See No Evil 4.8 Texas Chainsaw 3D 5.1 The Hills Have Eyes II Storyline Edit While investigating a call in an abandoned house, Officer Frank Williams and a rookie find a woman brutally blinded, but they are attacked by a huge psychopath with an ax; the rookie is killed and Frank shoots the criminal in the head, but has a severed arm. Four years later, the mutilated Frank is relocated, working as a guard in the County Detention Center. Frank goes with some delinquents to the Blackwell Hotel, an abandoned place since a fire burnt the last two floors, with the purpose of cleaning the location, preparing it to work as a shelter for the homeless; in return, the criminals will have their sentences reduced. During the night, the inmate Kira who has some Christian tattoos on her body is kidnapped by the deranged serial-killer Kane who collects the eyes of his victims, while the rest of the group is attacked by the psychopath with his ax. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil psychotronic filmslashergrindhouse filmthree word titleslasher flick123 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Eight Teens, One Weekend, One Serial Killer. Genres Action Horror Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong gruesome violence and gore throughout, language, sexual content and some drug use Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Glenn Jacobs (Kane) has stated that the best thing about making this movie (due to the hectic amount of traveling as a professional wrestler) was the opportunity it gave him to sleep in the same bed for two months. Goofs When two of the characters are kissing on a bed, the movement triggers a trip wire to ring a bell in Kane's room. The first time we see the bell ring, it is the big one on the top row of bells. When the trip wire is activated again moments later by the same couple on the same bed, we see that a smaller bell on the bottom row of bells is ringing. Quotes Jacob Goodnight: I see now... Crazy credits Among the end credits, after the cast and stunt list, there's a scene where a dog urinates in Jacob's empty eye socket Alternate versions German DVD release by Kinowelt was cut by 11 seconds (cell phone scene) to secure a light SPIO: JK approval (meaning they were allowed to advertise the film, a normal approval would result in prohibition of advertising). Additionally, a FSK-18 version was created for retail chains, which was cut by 3 minutes. Connections Edited into See No Evil 2 (2014) Soundtracks X'ed Written by David Banner & Kamikaze Performed by David Banner featuring Kamikaze Courtesy of SRC Records / Universal Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews194 Review Top review 7/10 A decent gore flick I was expecting this movie to suck, but what I got was a pretty good slasher/gore film. Most of the death scenes are adequately brutal. The teens are decent, with Penny McNamee definitely the best of the bunch. Rachael Taylor looks like a young Christie Brinkley, but doesn't bring much to the movie other than that. Kane was good as the killer, and is totally believable as a fearsome juggernaut. I saw the "twist" coming from miles away, but I still enjoyed the movie. But what really stood out to me was the direction. Gregory Dark might actually have a career in legit film ahead of him. Aside from overusing the horror film "speed cam"(you know, where like the guy's face shakes all fast?), there's some good shots here. The camera angles and environments really emphasize Kane's size, making him look even bigger than he actually is. If you're looking for deep story or characters, this ain't it. But that's not what slasher films are about. If you're looking for some good violence, or if you're into gory films, go check this out! helpful•90 27 mrtacoman May 20, 2006 Details Edit Release date May 19, 2006 (United States) Countries of origin United States Australia Official site Lions Gate Films (United States) Language English Also known as see no eviL Filming locations Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia Production companies World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Eye Scream Man Productions Eye Scream Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $8,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $15,032,800 Opening weekend US & Canada $4,581,233 May 21, 2006 Gross worldwide $18,707,966 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 24 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘South Side’ Review: Chicago-Set Comedy Returns for a Season 2 with Dreams Even Bigger than the City Nov 11Indiewire Daredevil Fans Launch Final Campaign To Revive The Show Before Marvel Get The Rights Nov 26We Got This Covered Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Spanish language plot outline for See No Evil (2006)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.