Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0245429/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_28
Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi 20012001 PGPG 2h 5m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 702K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 526 41 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:35 4 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureFamily During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts.During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts.During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 702K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 526 41 Director Hayao Miyazaki Writer Hayao Miyazaki Stars Daveigh Chase(English version) Suzanne Pleshette(English version) Miyu Irino(voice) Top credits Director Hayao Miyazaki Writer Hayao Miyazaki Stars Daveigh Chase(English version) Suzanne Pleshette(English version) Miyu Irino(voice) See production, box office & company info 1.5KUser reviews 210Critic reviews 96Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #28 Won 1 Oscar 58 wins & 31 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 1:35 Spirited Away Clip 2:12 A Guide to the Films of Hayao Miyazaki Clip 1:40 Spirited Away Clip 1:22 Spirited Away Photos262 Top cast Edit Daveigh Chase Chihiroas Chihiro (English version) (voice) Suzanne Pleshette Yubabaas Yubaba (English version) (voice) … Miyu Irino Hakuas Haku (voice) Rumi Hiiragi Chihiro Oginoas Chihiro Ogino (voice) … Mari Natsuki Yubabaas Yubaba (voice) … Takashi Naitô Akio Oginoas Akio Ogino (voice) Yasuko Sawaguchi Yûko Oginoas Yûko Ogino (voice) Tatsuya Gashûin Aogaeruas Aogaeru (voice) Ryûnosuke Kamiki Bôas Bô (voice) Yumi Tamai Rinas Rin (voice) Yô Ôizumi Bandai-gaeruas Bandai-gaeru (voice) Koba Hayashi Kawa no Kamias Kawa no Kami (voice) Tsunehiko Kamijô Chichiyakuas Chichiyaku (voice) Takehiko Ono Aniyakuas Aniyaku (voice) Bunta Sugawara Kamajîas Kamajî (voice) Shigeru Wakita Shirô Saitô Michiko Yamamoto Director Hayao Miyazaki Writer Hayao Miyazaki All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Hauru no ugoku shiro 8.2 Tonari no Totoro 8.4 WALL·E 8.5 The Lion King 8.2 Up 7.7 Gake no ue no Ponyo 8.3 Toy Story 7.9 Majo no takkyûbin 8.4 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 8.0 Tenkû no shiro Rapyuta 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.4 Coco Storyline Edit Chihiro and her parents are moving to a small Japanese town in the countryside, much to Chihiro's dismay. On the way to their new home, Chihiro's father makes a wrong turn and drives down a lonely one-lane road which dead-ends in front of a tunnel. Her parents decide to stop the car and explore the area. They go through the tunnel and find an abandoned amusement park on the other side, with its own little town. When her parents see a restaurant with great-smelling food but no staff, they decide to eat and pay later. However, Chihiro refuses to eat and decides to explore the theme park a bit more. She meets a boy named Haku who tells her that Chihiro and her parents are in danger, and they must leave immediately. She runs to the restaurant and finds that her parents have turned into pigs. In addition, the theme park turns out to be a town inhabited by demons, spirits, and evil gods. At the center of the town is a bathhouse where these creatures go to relax. The owner of the bathhouse is the evil witch Yubaba, who is intent on keeping all trespassers as captive workers, including Chihiro. Chihiro must rely on Haku to save her parents in hopes of returning to their world. —Zachary Harper spirit worldstudio ghiblichild protagonistfalling from heightreal name130 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The tunnel led Chihiro to a mysterious town. Genres Animation Adventure Family Fantasy Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for some scary moments Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Despite having a rich plot with developed characters, Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi (2001) was not made with a script. In fact, Miyazaki's films never had scripts. "I don't have the story finished and ready when we start work on a film," the filmmaker told Midnight Eye. "I usually don't have the time. So the story develops when I start drawing storyboards. The production starts very soon thereafter, while the storyboards are still developing." Miyazaki does not know where the plot is going, and he lets it happen organically. "It's not me who makes the film. The film makes itself and I have no choice but to follow". Goofs After Haku flies out of the bedroom we see Sen's left hand touching more of the blood on the railing. The elevator attendant sees it on the same hand after grabbing her arm as she tries to board it. Not much later we see her looking at the same hand again before running across the pipe. It isn't till after being held captive by the baby under the cushions that the blood switches hands as he holds her by the left arm revealing no blood on that hand at all. Quotes Zeniba: Once you do something, you never forget. Even if you can't remember. Crazy credits The credits have a series of still images from the film. The last image before the film fades is Chihiro's shoe in the river. Alternate versions Various dialog is added to the English dub to explain settings, translate Japanese text, or traditions; for example, when Chihiro first sees the bathhouse, in the English dub, she says "It's a bathhouse", which isn't present in the Japanese version. Connections Edited into Miyazaki Dreams of Flying (2017) Soundtracks Ano natsu e ("One Summer's Day") (uncredited) Composed by Joe Hisaishi User reviews1.5K Review Top review better than Disney by a long shot I really enjoyed this film-everything about it glows and shines in a gentle luminosity. This film, if you have seen some of Miyazaki's other work, is quite light. The characters are beautifully and lovingly created and the colouring and setting of this film is absolutely superb. This is a beautiful little film and I can't wait for the next feature from Hayao Miyazaki-he is better than Walt Disney. Miyazaki blends the characters and the environment very well together, and I can see that this would be enjoyed for people at many different levels. Miyazaki enjoys creating female heroines and I was pleased that Chihiro lived up to the expression and beauty of her predecessors-like Nausicaa from the Valley of the Wind. This is beautiful and I would advise anyone to take a look at it's scope and serenity, along with it's fast paced plot and of course, the dreamlike settings that make it truly wonderful. helpful•243 90 minimeltheminx Oct 11, 2004 FAQ8 Is 'Spirited Away' based on a book? What are the ages of the characters? How long was Chihiro in the other world? Details Edit Release date June 21, 2019 (China) Country of origin Japan Official sites Disney's Official Site Miyazaki collection Languages Japanese English Also known as 千与千寻 Production companies Tokuma Shoten Studio Ghibli Nippon Television Network (NTV) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $19,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $13,750,644 Opening weekend US & Canada $449,839 Sep 22, 2002 Gross worldwide $355,710,190 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 5 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS-ES Dolby Digital EX Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Anime Review: Your Name (2016) by Makoto Shinkai Oct 29AsianMoviePulse Bo Report: ‘The Last Duel’, ‘Malignant’ trail ‘Shang-Chi’ Oct 26IF.com.au Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi (2001) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.