Sex and the City (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1000774?ref_=rlm
Sex and the City (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sex and the City 20082008 RR 2h 25m IMDb RATING 5.6/10 119K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,532 476 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:20 8 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDramaRomance A New York City writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her.A New York City writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her.A New York City writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her. IMDb RATING 5.6/10 119K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,532 476 Director Michael Patrick King Writers Michael Patrick King Candace Bushnell(book) Darren Star(television series creator) Stars Sarah Jessica Parker Kim Cattrall Cynthia Nixon Top credits Director Michael Patrick King Writers Michael Patrick King Candace Bushnell(book) Darren Star(television series creator) Stars Sarah Jessica Parker Kim Cattrall Cynthia Nixon See production, box office & company info 510User reviews 205Critic reviews 53Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 12 nominations Videos8 Trailer 2:20 Sex and the City - Miranda: Where We Left Off Clip 0:28 Sex and the City: The Movie Clip 0:50 Sex and the City: The Movie Clip 0:38 Sex and the City: The Movie Clip 0:39 Sex and the City: The Movie Clip 0:49 Sex and the City: The Movie Clip 0:52 Sex and the City: The Movie Clip 0:38 Sex and the City: The Movie Photos389 Top cast Edit Sarah Jessica Parker Carrie Bradshawas Carrie Bradshaw Kim Cattrall Samantha Jonesas Samantha Jones Cynthia Nixon Miranda Hobbesas Miranda Hobbes Kristin Davis Charlotte Yorkas Charlotte York Chris Noth Mr. Bigas Mr. Big Candice Bergen Enid Frickas Enid Frick Jennifer Hudson Louiseas Louise David Eigenberg Steve Bradyas Steve Brady Evan Handler Harry Goldenblattas Harry Goldenblatt Jason Lewis Smith Jerrodas Smith Jerrod Mario Cantone Anthony Marentinoas Anthony Marentino Lynn Cohen Magdaas Magda Willie Garson Stanford Blatchas Stanford Blatch Joanna Gleason Therapistas Therapist Joseph Pupo Brady Hobbesas Brady Hobbes Alexandra Fong Lily York Goldenblattas Lily York Goldenblatt Parker Fong Lily York Goldenblattas Lily York Goldenblatt Kerry Bishé Twenty-Something Girl Dreamingas Twenty-Something Girl Dreaming Director Michael Patrick King Writers Michael Patrick King Candace Bushnell(book) Darren Star(television series creator) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 4.5 Sex and the City 2 7.2 Sex and the City And Just Like That... 7.2 Sex and the City Essentials: The Best of Breakups 5.8 Sex and the City 6.0 Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason 6.7 Bridget Jones's Diary 6.3 My Best Friend's Wedding 5.5 Bride Wars 7.1 Pretty Woman 6.9 The Devil Wears Prada 6.4 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days Storyline Edit After moving in together in an impossibly beautiful New York apartment, Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big make a rather arbitrary decision to get married. The wedding itself proves to be anything but a hasty affair--the guest list quickly blooms from 75 to 200 guests, and Carrie's simple, label-less wedding gown gives way to an enormous creation that makes her look like a gigantic cream puff. An upcoming photo spread in Vogue puts the event--which will take place at the New York Public Library--squarely in the public eye. Meanwhile, Carrie's girlfriends--Samantha, the sexpot; Charlotte, the sweet naïf; and Miranda, the rigid perfectionist--could not be happier. At least, they couldn't be happier for Carrie. Charlotte still has the unrealized hope of getting pregnant. Samantha is finding a loving, committed relationship more grueling than she could have imagined. Miranda unwittingly lets her own unhappiness--created when Steve admits to cheating on her just once--spoil Carrie's. After a heated encounter with Steve, she happens to spot Mr. Big and tells him he's crazy to get married. She's really only thinking of her own marriage. But her angry remark gets Mr. Big to thinking. —J. Spurlin sequel to tv serieswedding dressoverreaction2000ssex in bed99 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Get Carried Away. Genres Comedy Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sexual content, graphic nudity and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The note given to Carrie, letting her have the wedding dress, was written by Vivienne Westwood. Goofs Carrie returns books to the main branch of the New York Public Library. That branch has not been a lending library for more than 60 years. Quotes Mr. Big: Ever Thine, Ever Mine, Ever Ours. Alternate versions An extended version version exists. While it shortens a few shots, collectively, by about 2 seconds, it adds about 5 minutes. The major additions are - 1. When Carrie tries on her outfits before she leaves her apartment, the rest of the girls, including Lily, try on her outfits as well. 2. Right before Carrie leaves the apartment, she disconnects the computer. 3. Carrie walks through the Mexican house alone for a bit. 4. When Miranda find her new apartment, she goes in, looks around and tell some guy that she is interested in it. 5. Following the scene where Samantha and Smith have sex and talk about Samantha feeling distanced, she and Carrie talk on the phone - Carrie is using a public phone - and Samantha tells her she will be coming much less to New York in order to take care of her relationship with Smith and Carrie is surprised. 6. Following the scene where Carrie buys the Vogue issue, she meets with Charlotte and they go trick-and-treating together with Harry and Lily and a neighbor shows her condolences, which makes Carrie wear a mask for the next door. 7. Following the scene where she types "Love..." on her laptop, Stanford calls and invites her to a party where he is bored and she declines. Connections Featured in HBO First Look: Sex and the City (2008) Soundtracks Labels or Love Written by Salaam Remi and Rico Love Performed by Fergie Produced by Salaamremi.com Vocal production by Rico Love for Division One Mixed by Phil Tan Contains an interpolation of the "Sex and the City Theme" by Douglas J. Cuomo (as Douglas Cuomo) Fergie appears courtesy of Will.I.Am / A&M / Interscope Records User reviews510 Review Top review 3/10 A disappointed longtime fan of the series Let me preface this by saying that I am a straight female who has been a fan of the SATC series since its second season. I have every episode on DVD and have honestly seen every episode at least 5 times, including the commentaries by Michael Patrick King. That said, I could not be more disappointed in the film. To say that this movie was for fans of the series is insulting in my opinion because where the series had heart, depth and some intelligence, the movie had labels, poop jokes and lame choices by the characters. First of all, yes, Carrie Bradshaw is the main character, but could the other 3 women have been treating any more cavalierly? The "plot lines", if you can call them that, for the other characters seemed to be thrown into the mix just to give them something to do while Carrie ran around town, changing outfits and hair colors to the delighted shrieks of 15 year old fans. I can only imagine that was the audience the film wanted to capture because expecting grown women to follow this crap is insanity. Secondly, the ending of the film made me completely lose respect for Carrie. I cannot imagine an emotionally healthy 41 year old woman making the same choice she made. I think she needs intensive therapy because she is obviously a masochist who values the ability to purchase brand name couture more than her own happiness. And if the ability to buy couture is what makes her really happy, well, then, the 15 year old target audience should be thrilled. That said, I probably will see the sequel. I'm hoping they bring in more writers from the series to add some of the emotional oomph that this movie painfully lacked. *sigh* I just can't seem to quit SATC. helpful•51 21 Manda-13 Mar 8, 2009 FAQ4 Is 'Sex and the City' based on a book? Is the book "Love Letters of Great Men, Volume 1" a real book? Are there any extra scenes after the credits? Details Edit Release date May 30, 2008 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Sex and the City: The Movie Filming locations Bryant Park, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies New Line Cinema Home Box Office (HBO) Darren Star Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $65,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $152,647,258 Opening weekend US & Canada $57,038,404 Jun 1, 2008 Gross worldwide $418,765,519 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 25 minutes Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘Harlem’: Andrea Martin, Robert Ri’chard, Juani Feliz, Kate Rockwell & Sullivan Jones To Recur In Tracy Oliver’s Amazon Comedy Mar 4Deadline Film + TV Can ‘Sex and the City’ Survive Without Samantha Jones? Jan 11Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.