Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1515091
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows 20112011 PG-13PG-13 2h 9m IMDb RATING 7.5/10 437K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 881 771 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:33 6 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureMystery Detective Sherlock Holmes is on the trail of criminal mastermind Professor Moriarty, who is carrying out a string of random crimes across Europe.Detective Sherlock Holmes is on the trail of criminal mastermind Professor Moriarty, who is carrying out a string of random crimes across Europe.Detective Sherlock Holmes is on the trail of criminal mastermind Professor Moriarty, who is carrying out a string of random crimes across Europe. IMDb RATING 7.5/10 437K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 881 771 Director Guy Ritchie Writers Michele Mulroney Kieran Mulroney Arthur Conan Doyle(characters) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Jude Law Jared Harris Top credits Director Guy Ritchie Writers Michele Mulroney Kieran Mulroney Arthur Conan Doyle(characters) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Jude Law Jared Harris See production, box office & company info 478User reviews 258Critic reviews 48Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 11 nominations Videos6 Trailer 2:33 No. 2 Trailer 2:23 Trailer #1 Clip 1:44 A Guide to the Films of Guy Ritchie Clip 0:40 "Are You Happy?" Clip 0:38 "Are You Drinking Embalming Fluid?" Featurette 2:29 Behind the Scenes Photos279 Top cast Edit Robert Downey Jr. Sherlock Holmesas Sherlock Holmes Jude Law Dr. John Watsonas Dr. John Watson Jared Harris Professor James Moriartyas Professor James Moriarty Rachel McAdams Irene Adleras Irene Adler Noomi Rapace Madam Simza Heronas Madam Simza Heron Stephen Fry Mycroft Holmesas Mycroft Holmes Paul Anderson Colonel Sebastian Moranas Colonel Sebastian Moran Kelly Reilly Mary Watsonas Mary Watson Geraldine James Mrs. Hudsonas Mrs. Hudson Eddie Marsan Inspector Lestradeas Inspector Lestrade William Houston Constable Clarkas Constable Clark Wolf Kahler Doctor Hoffmanstahlas Doctor Hoffmanstahl Iain Mitchell Auctioneeras Auctioneer Jack Laskey Carruthersas Carruthers Patricia Slater Shush Club Maitre D'as Shush Club Maitre D' Karima McAdams Shush Club Maitre D'as Shush Club Maitre D' (as Karima Adebibe) Richard Cunningham Businessmanas Businessman Marcus Shakesheff Hashisheenas Hashisheen Director Guy Ritchie Writers Michele Mulroney Kieran Mulroney Arthur Conan Doyle(characters) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Robert Downey Jr. Through the Years Robert Downey Jr. Through the Years Take a look back at Robert Downey Jr.'s movie career in photos.See more Robert More like this 7.6 Sherlock Holmes Sherlock Holmes 3 7.3 The Man from U.N.C.L.E. 7.2 Now You See Me 7.3 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest 7.7 Kingsman: The Secret Service 7.1 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End 8.0 Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl 6.5 Now You See Me 2 7.7 Ocean's Eleven 6.7 Kingsman: The Golden Circle 7.6 300 Storyline Edit With Dr. John Watson about to marry and end their partnership, a disconsolate Sherlock Holmes occupies his time investigating the schemes of his archenemy, Professor James Moriarty. However, when Moriarty warns that he considers the Watsons a legitimate target for his retaliation against the detective, Holmes must save them and get John involved in one last case. To do so, they join the Roma lady Madam Simza Heron's quest to find her missing brother, Renee, who may be the key to defeating Moriarty. Together, the trio find themselves involved in a dangerous international conspiracy led by the Napoleon of Crime in which the fate of all of Europe hangs in the balance. —Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) sherlock holmes charactergypsy womanman disguised as a womandr. john watson characterprofessor moriarty character251 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Action Adventure Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action, and some drug material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The slow-motion work in the film was done by Gavin Free, an English filmmaker who works for Rooster Teeth Productions, and is known for his web series, The Slow Mo Guys, on YouTube. Goofs When Holmes and Moriarty are playing chess, Moriarty "castles" after Holmes puts him in check. You can not castle while in check. Quotes Sherlock Holmes: Uh, hmm... Right. Where are the wagons? Madam Simza Heron: The wagon is too slow. Can't you ride? Dr. John Watson: It's not that he can't ride... How is it you put it, Holmes? Sherlock Holmes: They're dangerous at both ends and... crafty in the middle. Why would I want anything with a mind of its own bobbing about between my legs? Crazy credits During the ending credits, excerpts from the Doyle story "The Final Problem" are shown. ("The Final Problem" was the basis for the movie.) Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #20.47 (2011) Soundtracks Fischerweise, D.881 Written by Franz Schubert Performed by Irmgard Seefried Courtesy of Deutsche Grammophon GmbH (Germany) Under license from Universal Music Operations Ltd. User reviews478 Review Top review 8/10 Sherlock at the movies Doesn't matter how you look at it, this movie is darn good fun. I loved it from opening credits to the close. So what if the acting is a bit over the top, so what if there are probably too many explosions and bullets and bombs. The end result is a thoroughly entertaining 2 hours at the movies with popcorn and Pearl and Dean ads. Moriarty is sufficiently creepy and played with restraint, Holmes is completely over the top but for me if its Robert Downey Jr there are no complaints. The story keeps moving and the action is terrific. The story is loosely based on the last book of the Conan Doyle's first series of Holmes stories ending with the famous Reisenbach Falls in Switzerland. It also gives a great image of early 20th century on the brink of the first world war. If you want to enjoy a good story with great imagery and costume then you will enjoy this, if you are looking for Sherlock ( wonderfully called Shirley by Mycroft ) as Conan Doyle intended then you may be disappointed. helpful•34 12 remedy305 Jan 29, 2012 FAQ7 What is "A Game of Shadows" about? Is "Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows" based on a book? What is some more information about Professor Moriarty? Details Edit Release date January 15, 2012 (China) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Official site (Spain) Languages English French Italian German Romany Also known as Sherlock Holmes 2 Filming locations Triengen, Kanton Luzern, Switzerland Production companies Warner Bros. Village Roadshow Pictures Silver Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $125,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $186,848,418 Opening weekend US & Canada $39,637,079 Dec 18, 2011 Gross worldwide $543,848,418 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Datasat Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Meredith Stiehm Elected President Of WGA West; Other Officers & Board Members Set Sep 21Deadline Film + TV Guy Ritchie’s ‘Wrath of Man,’ Starring Jason Statham, Sets China Release Apr 28Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.