Sherlock Holmes (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0988045/
Sherlock Holmes (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sherlock Holmes 20092009 PG-13PG-13 2h 8m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 607K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 557 604 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 18 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureMystery Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England.Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England.Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 607K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 557 604 Director Guy Ritchie Writers Michael Robert Johnson(screenplay) Anthony Peckham(screenplay) Simon Kinberg(screenplay) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Jude Law Rachel McAdams Top credits Director Guy Ritchie Writers Michael Robert Johnson(screenplay) Anthony Peckham(screenplay) Simon Kinberg(screenplay) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Jude Law Rachel McAdams See production, box office & company info 738User reviews 427Critic reviews 57Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 10 wins & 31 nominations total Videos18 Trailer 2:32 Sherlock Holmes -- Trailer #2 Trailer 2:23 Sherlock Holmes Clip 2:29 What to Watch If You Love "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" Clip 1:44 A Guide to the Films of Guy Ritchie Clip 1:18 Sherlock Holmes Clip 1:09 Sherlock Holmes Clip 0:59 Sherlock Holmes Clip 1:31 Sherlock Holmes Clip 1:09 Sherlock Holmes Clip 1:10 Sherlock Holmes Clip 1:08 Sherlock Holmes Clip 1:20 Sherlock Holmes Photos214 Top cast Edit Robert Downey Jr. Sherlock Holmesas Sherlock Holmes Jude Law Dr. John Watsonas Dr. John Watson Rachel McAdams Irene Adleras Irene Adler Mark Strong Lord Henry Blackwoodas Lord Henry Blackwood Eddie Marsan Inspector Lestradeas Inspector Lestrade Robert Maillet Dredgeras Dredger Geraldine James Mrs. Hudsonas Mrs. Hudson Kelly Reilly Mary Morstanas Mary Morstan William Houston Constable Clarkas Constable Clark Hans Matheson Lord Cowardas Lord Coward James Fox Sir Thomas Rotheramas Sir Thomas Rotheram William Hope Ambassador Standishas Ambassador Standish Clive Russell Captain Tanneras Captain Tanner Oran Gurel Reordanas Reordan David Garrick McMurdoas McMurdo Ky Discala Maidas Maid (as Kylie Hutchinson) Andrew Brooke Guard Captainas Guard Captain Tom Watt Carriage Driveras Carriage Driver Director Guy Ritchie Writers Michael Robert Johnson(screenplay) (screen story) Anthony Peckham(screenplay) Simon Kinberg(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Robert Downey Jr. Through the Years Robert Downey Jr. Through the Years Take a look back at Robert Downey Jr.'s movie career in photos.See more Robert More like this 7.5 Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows Sherlock Holmes 3 7.2 Now You See Me 7.7 Kingsman: The Secret Service 7.3 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest 9.1 Sherlock 8.0 Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl 7.6 300 7.3 The Man from U.N.C.L.E. 6.5 Now You See Me 2 7.1 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End 7.2 I Am Legend Storyline Edit After finally catching serial killer and occult "sorcerer" Lord Blackwood, legendary sleuth Sherlock Holmes and his assistant Dr. Watson can close yet another successful case. But when Blackwood mysteriously returns from the grave and resumes his killing spree, Holmes must take up the hunt once again. Contending with his partner's new fiancée and the dimwitted head of Scotland Yard, the dauntless detective must unravel the clues that will lead him into a twisted web of murder, deceit, and black magic - and the deadly embrace of temptress Irene Adler. —The Massie Twins sherlock holmes characterscotland yard inspectorbaker street londonbeltserial killer261 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Nothing Escapes Him Genres Action Adventure Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action, some startling images and a scene of suggestive material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Watson's line to Holmes, "You know that what you're drinking is for eye surgery?", is an obscure reference to Holmes' cocaine usage. At the time, cocaine was used as a topical anesthetic for eye surgery. In the stories, Holmes injects cocaine. Goofs When Irene escapes from the sewers beneath Parliament with the poison, she emerges at Tower Bridge, about two and a half miles away, within 30 seconds. Quotes Irene Adler: Why are you always so suspicious? Sherlock Holmes: Should I answer chronologically or alphabetically? Crazy credits The credit for costume designer is shown over a frame from the scene in which Holmes is handcuffed to Irene's bed, not wearing any clothes at all. Connections Edited into Live from Studio Five: Episode #1.66 (2009) Soundtracks German Dance No. 10 in D Major from "Twelve German Dances" Written by Ludwig van Beethoven (as Ludwig Van Beethoven) Arranged by Rick Wentworth Performed by The Isobel Griffiths Ensemble Courtesy of Pathé Productions Limited User reviews738 Review Top review 7/10 Lavish production packed with action , intrigue , suspense and amusement It's a good film inspired on splendid novels about Sherlock Holmes character written by Arthur Conan Doyle , including two first-range nasties with malignant aims as Mark Strong as Blackwood and Doctor Moriarty , furthermore one woman , Rachel McAdams , as a suspicious young with mysterious purports . In the flick appears the usual of the Arthur Conan Doyle's novels : Dr.Moriarty , Mistress Hudson (Geraldine James), Inspector Lestrade (Eddie Marsan) and of course Doctor Watson (Jude Law) , the perfect counterpart to Holmes . Holmes along Watson will solve unanswered mysteries and Sherlock undergoes some risked experiences to resolve the cases using even his habitual disguise . It's a nice Holmes film with gripping London and sensational setting . A genuine ripping yarn very intriguing . The movie blends suspense , thriller , detective action , cloak and dagger , mystery and is pretty interesting . It packs an exciting amount of surprises with great lots of entertainment . This is a classy and effective romp with a strongly casting . Robert Downey Jr.'s interpretation is magnificent , he's a Sherlock for modern times , of course very different to Basil Rathbone considered the best Holmes in the cinema , likeness to Peter Cushing and Jeremy Brett in television. Robert Downey as Holmes plays in a clever , broody and impetuous manner , as whimsical detective is top notch , he's in cracking form acting as a two-fisted fighter . He makes an unique perspective on his life revealing a complex personality . He's finely matched in battle of wits with Blackwood-Mark Strong . The stars have a splendid fight towards the end on the Tower of London , plus Holmes tries to battle against his arch-enemy Moriarty but with an amazing final surprise . Although Basil Rathbone will be forever identified as Holmes , however Sherlock is also played by Robert Downey as an intelligent , cunning , broody and impetuous pipesmoking sleuth but addicted to the cocaine . Dr. Watson here isn't a bumbling and botcher pal generally represented by Nigel Bruce but an clever and astute partner perfectly incarnated by Jude Law . The film has a creepy atmosphere , it's in glimmer color with lights and shades that originate strange setting . Set design is of first rate , the movie is very atmospheric , the dark , shady and dirty slums of London are very well designed but with excessive use of computer generator images. Screenwriter Michael Johnson provides the original plot , creating the basis for this particularly storyline . The film boasts a beautifully cinematography by Philippe Rousselot and a haunting score by Hans Zimmer in John Barry style . This big budgeted production by Joel Silver sparkles with polish and wit and the ending is as exciting as moving and being well directed by Guy Ritchie . helpful•13 9 ma-cortes Feb 5, 2010 FAQ19 What is the name of the Bulldog that played Gladstone? What is "Sherlock Holmes" about? Is "Sherlock Holmes" based on a book? Details Edit Release date February 25, 2010 (China) Countries of origin United States Germany United Kingdom Australia Official sites Official Facebook Warner Bros. (Japan) Languages English French Also known as Sherlok Xolms Filming locations Brompton Cemetery, Fulham Road, West Brompton, London, England, UK Production companies Warner Bros. Village Roadshow Pictures Silver Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $90,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $209,028,679 Opening weekend US & Canada $62,304,277 Dec 27, 2009 Gross worldwide $524,028,679 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 8 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS DTS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Sherlock Holmes Chapter One Puts Players In The Detective’s Shoes Nov 14TVovermind.com The Film Detective Releases Limited Deluxe Edition of ‘The Sherlock Holmes Vault Collection’ Nov 12Horror News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.