Shichinin no samurai (1954) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047478/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_19
Shichinin no samurai (1954) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Shichinin no samurai 19541954 Not RatedNot Rated 3h 27m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 331K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,273 122 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics ActionAdventureDrama A poor village under attack by bandits recruits seven unemployed samurai to help them defend themselves.A poor village under attack by bandits recruits seven unemployed samurai to help them defend themselves.A poor village under attack by bandits recruits seven unemployed samurai to help them defend themselves. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 331K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,273 122 Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Akira Kurosawa(screenplay by) Shinobu Hashimoto(screenplay by) Hideo Oguni(screenplay by) Stars Toshirô Mifune Takashi Shimura Keiko Tsushima Top credits Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Akira Kurosawa(screenplay by) Shinobu Hashimoto(screenplay by) Hideo Oguni(screenplay by) Stars Toshirô Mifune Takashi Shimura Keiko Tsushima See production, box office & company info 776User reviews 124Critic reviews 98Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #19 Nominated for 2 Oscars 5 wins & 8 nominations total Photos104 Top cast Edit Toshirô Mifune Kikuchiyoas Kikuchiyo Takashi Shimura Kambei Shimadaas Kambei Shimada Keiko Tsushima Shinoas Shino Yukiko Shimazaki Wifeas Wife Kamatari Fujiwara Farmer Manzoas Farmer Manzo Daisuke Katô Shichirojias Shichiroji Isao Kimura Katsushiroas Katsushiro (as Ko Kimura) Minoru Chiaki Heihachias Heihachi Seiji Miyaguchi Kyuzoas Kyuzo Yoshio Kosugi Farmer Mosukeas Farmer Mosuke Bokuzen Hidari Farmer Yoheias Farmer Yohei Yoshio Inaba Gorobei Katayamaas Gorobei Katayama Yoshio Tsuchiya Farmer Rikichias Farmer Rikichi Kokuten Kôdô Old Man Gisakuas Old Man Gisaku (as Kuninori Todo) Eijirô Tôno Thiefas Thief Kichijirô Ueda Bandit Scoutas Bandit Scout Jun Tatara Coolie Aas Coolie A Atsushi Watanabe Bun Selleras Bun Seller Director Akira Kurosawa Writers Akira Kurosawa(screenplay by) Shinobu Hashimoto(screenplay by) Hideo Oguni(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 Seppuku 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.6 Cidade de Deus 9.0 12 Angry Men 8.2 Yôjinbô 8.6 La vita è bella 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 8.5 C'era una volta il West 8.7 Goodfellas 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.5 City Lights Storyline Edit A veteran samurai, who has fallen on hard times, answers a village's request for protection from bandits. He gathers 6 other samurai to help him, and they teach the townspeople how to defend themselves, and they supply the samurai with three small meals a day. The film culminates in a giant battle when 40 bandits attack the village. —Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> samurai16th centurybattlejapanepic191 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Will Take Its Place With the Seven Greatest Films of All Time! Genres Action Adventure Drama Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Akira Kurosawa's original idea for the film was to make it about a day in the life of a samurai, beginning with him rising from bed, eat breakfast, go to his master's castle and ending with him making some mistake that required him to go home and kill himself to save face. Despite a good deal of research, he did not feel he had enough solid factual information to make the movie. He then pitched the idea of a film that would cover a series of five samurai battles, based on the lives of famous Japanese swordsmen. Hashimoto went off to write that script, but Kurosawa ultimately scrapped that idea as well, worrying that a film that was just "a series of climaxes" wouldn't work. Then, producer Sôjirô Motoki found, through historical research, that samurai in the "Warring States" period of Japanese history would often volunteer to stand guard at peasant villages overnight in exchange for food and lodging. Kurosawa then came across an anecdote about a village hiring samurai to protect them and decided to use that idea. Kurosawa wrote a complete dossier for each character with a speaking role. In it were details about what they wore, their favourite foods, their past history, their speaking habits, their reaction to battle and every other detail he could think of about them. No other Japanese director had ever done this before. Goofs In the closing moments of the final battle, the bandits fire two musket shots only seconds apart. It is clear from the plot that at that point they possess only one musket. The black powder muskets of the age required much more time to reload. This error was pointed out in the commentary of the deluxe DVD edition. Quotes Kikuchiyo: What do you think of farmers? You think they're saints? Hah! They're foxy beasts! They say, "We've got no rice, we've no wheat. We've got nothing!" But they have! They have everything! Dig under the floors! Or search the barns! You'll find plenty! Beans, salt, rice, sake! Look in the valleys, they've got hidden warehouses! They pose as saints but are full of lies! If they smell a battle, they hunt the defeated! They're nothing but stingy, greedy, blubbering, foxy, and mean! God damn it all! [He hurls a handful of arrows into the wall] Kikuchiyo: But then who made them such beasts? You did! You samurai did it! You burn their villages! Destroy their farms! Steal their food! Force them to labour! Take their women! And kill them if they resist! So what should farmers do? [Kikuchiyo sinks to his knees, and begins to sob uncontrollably] Kikuchiyo: Damn... damn... damn... damn... [Kambei unfolds his arms and looks down at the palms of his hands] Kambei Shimada: [Quietly, after a long pause] You were the son of a farmer, weren't you? Alternate versions The film's original Japanese release version runs 207 minutes, plus intermission, which includes 4 minutes of entr'acte music against a blank screen. This is the version that has been generally shown worldwide since the 1980s, though sometimes it is shown without the intermission and entr'acte, resulting in a listed running time of 203 minutes. The initial U.S.A. release was re-titled 'The Magnificent Seven' and released November, 1956, with English subtitles, and ran 158 minutes. Some European releases were even further shortened to 141 minutes. Landmark Films re-released the film in the U.S. in December 1982, the first time outside Japan the film saw a major release with its running time intact (although the intermission and entr'acte were removed). Later U.S.A. releases by Avco-Embassy Pictures, Janus Films, and Films Incorporated, and by BFI in the UK, are also the full original version of the film. Connections Featured in A.K. (1985) User reviews776 Review Top review Complex Beauty Donald Richie thought it was Kurosawa's finest, and suggested that it might the best Japanese film ever made. It is a film that rewards casual viewing and careful viewing and repeated viewing and viewing over time. Isn't that rather like a wonderful book, that rewards you every time you pick it up? I suppose that is the definition of greatness. How was this greatness achieved? (This is not a rhetorical question. It truly astonishes me how this film creates meaning...cutting across all boundaries of nationality, language, and culture to become a meaningful personal experience for those who view it). This creation of greatness may be a mystery, but we can point to the some features of the film's excellence: The artistic achievement: The music, the cinematography, the extensive set design, the editing and the acting in the service of a moving story all conspire to create a world that becomes ours on a deeply personal level. It is a film which influences later films and filmmakers. The narrative achievement: Based on an original concept of Kurosawa's which began as a "day in the life" documentary of a samurai's existence, Kurosawa developed the idea into this breathtaking film of samurai who save a village. This simple but complexly nuanced human story involves us in different social classes in an historical framework. We come to know individual peasants and samurai, and feel that we know significant things about them, their motivations, hopes and fears. The achievements of the actors: These are characters you will love, people you need to have in your life: the characters of Kyuzo, Heihachi and the unforgettable Bokuzen Hidari as a bewildered peasant..! Takeshi Shimura, as the leader of the samurai, Gambei, is the embodiment of wisdom, and calm in the storm. And, saying that Toshiro Mifune has star power is like saying the noonday sun sheds a little warmth. Toshiro: It's the cut of his jawline when he asks the village patriarch, "Got a problem, grandad?", and the most charming look of confusion and embarrassment playing over his face when he is told by Heihachi that he is the triangle on the samurai flag. It's his energy, speed and agility and power and intelligence. Mifune sniffing out the fuse of a gun in the woods, bouncing through the brush half-naked in an abbreviated set of armor, or carrying his ridiculously oversize sword on one shoulder, Mifune crying over a baby, and the incomparable scene of his embarrassment that turns to rage when Mifune accuses the samurai of creating the farmer's condition. Toshiro Mifune represents with extraordinary physicality the spirit of a man desperate to prove his worth: Mifune's got the animal sexuality, the physical response to emotional situations, the expressive face, the humorous and varied vocalisms to make us feel deeply what his character experiences: his struggles, his growth.(His drunken burblings as the last "samurai" to audition are nothing short of hilarious, and his "fish singing" is eerie and funny, too...also the grunted "eh?" that he often uses to show confusion, and the "heh" of disgust..such wonderful sounds, and so expressive!) Mifune's acting is wild and alive, even more than 50 years after the film's original release. Takashi Shimura: You will trust him with your life. His great, open heart, his mature calm, his honesty and compassion make him one of the greatest of all samurai on film. Fumio Hayasaka's music: Kuroasawa was lucky to have such a brilliant composer as collaborator. Themes introduce characters, and the samurai theme is surprising and memorable. If you have viewed the film, chances are, the samurai theme is playing in your mind with just a mention of the music. Hayasaka's music is muscular and nuanced: creating humor, or a counterpoint to the action, or deepening our sympathy for and understanding of the characters. Muraki's scenography: There is no doubt that the places shown in the film are real. The achievement of Kurosawa's longtime collaborator provide a real world for the action. The filmography is ground-breaking: the multiple cameras, slow-motion and attention to light and composition make each frame worthy of an 8X10 glossy. How can individual moments of such beauty be sustained throughout the movement of the film? It is an astonishing feat. And, best of all, no image degenerates into interior design or vacuous prettiness...everything forwards the movement of the cinematic experience. When the film ends, we feel as if we have lived it! It is with great respect and humility that I offer my thanks to the memory of Mr. Kurosawa. His great work leads us to treasure humanity and its struggles, to develop our own abilities to feel compassion, encourages us to try to make good choices, to be socially and morally responsible, to embrace life. helpful•103 32 yippeiokiyay Jan 17, 2006 FAQ7 Was this film not favorably received by Japanese critics? Is 'Seven Samurai' based on a book? Why is everyone shocked that Kambei is shaving his head? Details Edit Release date April 26, 1954 (Japan) Country of origin Japan Language Japanese Also known as 七武士 Filming locations Izu Peninsula, Shizuoka, Japan Production company Toho Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget ¥125,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $318,649 Opening weekend US & Canada $15,942 Jul 28, 2002 Gross worldwide $346,258 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 27 minutes Color Black and White Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.33 : 1 Related news Seven Samurai review – an epic primal myth that pulsates through cinema Oct 27The Guardian - Film News ‘Dune’ Ousts ‘No Time to Die’ From U.K. Box Office Pole Position Oct 26Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Shichinin no samurai (1954) in Australia?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.