Shirley Manson - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1276549/news?ref_=nm_nwr_sm
Shirley Manson - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Shirley Manson News Elizabeth Holmes stands trial – podcasts of the week 27 August 2021 by Hannah J Davies and Max Sanderson The Guardian - TV News The acclaimed Dropout podcast returns to chronicle legal proceedings against the Theranos founder. Plus: good cops go bad in a new series with shades of The Wire The Dropout (available from 31 August) The polo neck wearing, deep voice-imitating, Stanford dropout turned entrepreneur Elizabeth Holmes – who fell from grace when her billion-dollar blood-testing company was hit by allegations of fraud – is a memorable figure. Her story has reverberated around popular culture in recent years, notably on this gripping and acclaimed show from ABC News, which is now being made into a television series starring Amanda Seyfried. This week, the podcast returns to coincide with Holmes’s upcoming trial, with new episodes released each Tuesday as legal proceedings continue. Hannah J Davies Bad Cops “Why do good cops go bad?” So asks This American Life alumna Jessica Lussenhop in this new show from the BBC World Service, a creepily compelling reported series with shades of The Wire. See full article at The Guardian - TV News » Permalink Report this Garbage Release New Version of ‘Androgyny’ for 20th Anniversary 17 August 2021 by Claire Shaffer Rolling Stone Garbage have issued an unreleased version of their hit single “Androgyny” for the 20th anniversary of their album Beautifulgarbage. The band released the “Rough Mix” of the pop-oriented track on Tuesday alongside the song’s original music video from 2001, which was ahead of its time in its celebration of gender diversity. The song will be included on the upcoming anniversary reissue of Beautifulgarbage, out October 1st via UMe and available for preorder now. “We wanted to celebrate the release of our third album in the same manner as we have See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this The Last Word: Shirley Manson on Fighting the Patriarchy and How Patti Smith Inspires Her 06 July 2021 by Kory Grow Rolling Stone Almost as soon as Garbage’s self-titled debut blew up overnight in 1995, their singer, Shirley Manson, became aware of the patriarchy running the music industry. Even though she was the group’s focal point — belting dusky electro-rock songs about making sense of depression (“Only Happy When It Rains”) and taking pride in nonconformity (“Queer”) — she was still a woman fronting a band of men, one of whom, Butch Vig, had produced Nirvana’s Nevermind. Almost immediately, she felt as though her role in the group was being devalued — not by the guys she worked with, See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Watch Garbage’s Frenetic New Video for ‘The Creeps’ 19 June 2021 by Daniel Kreps Rolling Stone Garbage have shared the new video for “The Creeps,” a track off the band’s recently released album No Gods No Monsters. Like the previous visuals for album tracks “Wolves” and “The Men Who Rule the World,” “The Creeps” was directed by Chilean film director, animator, and painter Javi.MiAmor. Like those videos, “The Creeps” combines footage of singer Shirley Manson with a hodgepodge of frenetic animation techniques. “This is a record I was supposed to make,” Manson said of the album in a statement. “Lord only knows what the fans will think, See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this On my radar: Shirley Manson’s cultural highlights 12 June 2021 by Kathryn Bromwich The Guardian - TV News The singer on her obsession with The Bureau, the revolutionary Lil Nas X and her seafood pilgrimage to East Lothian Born in Edinburgh in 1966, Shirley Manson is the frontwoman of alternative rock band Garbage and was previously a member of bands Goodbye Mr Mackenzie and Angelfish. Garbage released their self-titled debut in 1995 and in 1999 recorded the theme song for Bond movie The World Is Not Enough. Manson has also acted in US sci-fi series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles and Nickelodeon animated series Top Wing. Since 2019, she has presented The Jump, a podcast in which she interviews musicians such as Karen O and Matt Berninger. Garbage’s seventh album, No Gods No Masters, is out now on Infectious Music. See full article at The Guardian - TV News » Permalink Report this Garbage Show the World Who’s Boss on ‘No Gods No Masters’ 11 June 2021 by Kory Grow Rolling Stone A quarter of a century has passed, and Shirley Manson still wants to tear your little world apart — especially if you support the patriarchies and idiocracies destroying the planet. On Garbage’s seventh offering, No Gods No Masters (a slogan for anarchists and labor unions alike), Garbage’s redheaded Molotov cocktail explodes at evangelicals apathetically offering prayers after shootings, “The Men Who Rule the World,” shitty men in general (in case they don’t rule the world), and, as is often the case on a Garbage record, herself. She broods See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Garbage Perform Bracing ‘Wolves’ on ‘Seth Meyers’ 11 June 2021 by Jon Blistein Rolling Stone Garbage delivered a performance of their track, “Wolves,” on Late Night With Seth Meyers Thursday, June 10th. Set up in a room with a classic checkerboard floor and filled with red and orange lights, Garbage ran through “Wolves” with its pile-driver bassline, crashing drums, and scythe-like guitar riffs. “No one can say,” frontwoman Shirley Manson sang on the hook, “that I didn’t need you/That I didn’t want you/That I didn’t love you.” “Wolves” appears on Garbage’s new album, No Gods No Masters, which arrives Friday, See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Garbage Frontwoman Shirley Manson On Billie Eilish: ‘She’s A Phenomenal Talent’ 10 June 2021 by Corey Atad ET Canada Shirley Manson wants Billie Eilish to be okay. In a new interview with the New York Post, the Garbage frontwoman shared her thoughts on the young artist’s massive success. Related: Miley Cyrus Says She’d Love To Work With Billie Eilish: ‘She’s Just The Coolest’ “I just think she’s a phenomenal talent,” Manson said. “I feel like See full article at ET Canada » Permalink Report this Garbage Wrestle With ‘Inner Conflict’ on New Song ‘Wolves’ 19 May 2021 by Daniel Kreps Rolling Stone Garbage have released the video for their new track “Wolves,” the latest single and “pop song” off the band’s upcoming album No Gods No Masters. “This song reminds me of my younger self when there were two sides to my personality,” Shirley Manson said of “Wolves” in a statement. “I hurt so many people in my life, both knowingly and unknowingly, I’m sure. But when you’re young and in self-survival mode, much like a baby rattlesnake, you have no idea how strong your venom is. But it has the power to kill. See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Garbage Preview New Album With Title Track ‘No Gods No Masters’ 28 April 2021 by Jon Blistein Rolling Stone Alt-rock vets Garbage have released a new song, “No Gods No Masters,“ from their forthcoming album of the same name, out June 11th via Stunvolume/Infectious Music. The track also arrives with a music video directed by Scott Stuckey. “No Gods No Monsters,” per a statement, was inspired by a trip frontwoman Shirley Manson took to Santiago, Chile, during the country’s recent protests against corruption and inequality. “The future is mine just the same,” Manson sings over pounding drums and driving guitar lines, “No master or gods to obey See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Garbage Announce New Album ‘No Gods No Masters’ 30 March 2021 by Claire Shaffer Rolling Stone Garbage have announced their seventh studio album No Gods No Masters, out June 11th via Stunvolume/Infectious Music. It marks their first LP since 2016’s Strange Little Birds. On Tuesday, the band released the album’s lead single and opening track “The Men Who Rule the World,” a protest song against the injustices of capitalism, racism, sexism, and misogyny around the world. The song is accompanied by a music video made by Chilean film director, animator, and painter Javi.MiAmor. “This is our seventh record, the significant numerology of which See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Alanis Morissette Pays Tribute to International Women’s Day in Apple Music Radio Show 08 March 2021 by Claire Shaffer Rolling Stone Alanis Morissette hosted a special edition of Alanis Radio, her Apple Music show, in honor of International Women’s Day on Monday. Calling back to her own artistic breakthrough in the Nineties, the Jagged Little Pill singer-songwriter paid tribute to other female artists who had largely contributed to that decade. “When I think of International Women’s Day, I think about all these millions and trillions of women around the world making their mark in so many different ways,” Morissette said. “Just showing up in quiet and sometimes not so See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this ‘Roma’s’ Yalitza Aparicio, ‘A Fantastic Woman’s’ Daniela Vega Team Up in Doc Series (Exclusive) 13 October 2020 by Anna Marie de la Fuente Variety Oscar-nominated Mexican thesp Yalitza Aparicio (“Roma”) and Chile’s Daniela Vega, who starred in the Academy Award-winning 2017 drama “A Fantastic Woman,” have signed on to host a four-part documentary series about Latin American women who have survived state and gender violence, “Peace Peace Now Now,” which Vega has spearheaded and executive produces. Aparicio, as the first indigenous Latina to be nominated for an acting performance and Vega, for her show-stopping role in the Oscar-winning drama “A Fantastic Woman,” have both been fierce advocates for the rights of the marginalized, the invisible. Said Vega: “I’m thrilled to see how this project has evolved after two years in development. The characteristics and humanity of each host has enriched the stories of great women who defied wars and violence for years.” “It was an honor to meet them and bring their stories to the world,” she added. Vega hosted the first episode See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Spotlight: Mary J. Blige's Charity Work 28 August 2020 Look to the Stars Blige founded Ffawn with Steve Stoute. She featured in two advertisements for the M·A·C AIDS Fund, one with Lil' Kim in 2000 and the other with Elton John and Shirley Manson in 2002. Charities & foundations supported Mary J. Blige has supported the following charities: American Foundation for AIDS ResearchDave Thomas Foundation for AdoptionElton John AIDS FoundationEntertainment Industry FoundationEve Branson FoundationFFAWNGRAMMY FoundationM·A·C AIDS FundMayor's Fund to Advance New York CityRed CrossRobin HoodSave The Music FoundationSpecial OlympicsStand Up To CancerThe CircleThe Trevor ProjectUnited Service Organization Read more about Mary J. Blige's charity work and events. Related articles Mary J. Blige FFAWNs Over New CharityStars Design Watches For Poverty OrganizationFemale Stars Unite For New Charity SingleLance Armstrong Stands Up To Cancer TonightStand Up To Cancer A Huge Success Feature your company alongside thousands of celebrities, charities & causes → Copyright © 2020 Look To The Stars. This article may not be reproduced without explicit written See full article at Look to the Stars » Permalink Report this Bob Mould Teases Solo Career-Spanning Box Set With Lots of Rarities 13 August 2020 by Kory Grow Rolling Stone Bob Mould will chronicle the three decades of his career that came after the breakup of Hüsker Dü in a new box set. The collection, Distortion: 1989 – 2019, will contain 24 CDs: the 18 studio albums he has recorded as a solo artist and as the frontman of Sugar, four live albums, and two albums of rarities and collaborations. It will come out on October 2nd. The first installment of a vinyl version of the box set will come out the same day. Mould is previewing the collection Thursday with an amped-up live recording See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Shirley Manson on Hosting ‘The Jump’ Podcast, Future of Garbage 10 August 2020 by Angie Martoccio Rolling Stone When Shirley Manson began hosting The Jump last year — a podcast in which she interviews artists on one song that represents their artistic moment of truth — she was incredibly nervous. “It caused me a lot of stress, truth be told,” the Garbage frontwoman tells Rolling Stone. “The first season, I felt like I wasn’t qualified and I had no right to be sitting in that position as a host talking to these amazing artists. But I absolutely loved the experience.” On Tuesday, Manson will release the second season of The Jump, See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this Terminator TV Show Reportedly Coming To Hulu, James Cameron To Produce 29 January 2020 by David James We Got This Covered Terminator: Dark Fate had the odds stacked against it. Though the original and its sequel are cast-iron cinema classics, Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines, Terminator Salvation and Terminator Genisys have all been various flavors of awful. Faced with that and some rather uninspiring trailers, audiences stayed away and it’s estimated that the film could end up losing Paramount and Skydance up to $130 million. Many assumed that that was the death knell for the Terminator franchise. But, much like the T-800, it looks like it could prove exceedingly difficult to kill off for good. Sources close to Wgtc say that a new Terminator TV show may be coming to one of the big streaming services, and it’s likely to be Hulu. The show will be produced by James Cameron, the plot will continue where Dark Fate left off and most of the surviving cast will return, including Linda Hamilton. See full article at We Got This Covered » Permalink Report this Watch Karen O & Danger Mouse’s ‘Encounter With Lux Prima’ Documentary (Exclusive) 23 May 2019 by Jem Aswad Variety Karen O & Danger Mouse’s “Lux Prima” is one of the year’s best albums so far — but it’s more than an album. “An Encounter with Lux Prima – The Art of Collaboration,” a short documentary chronicling the 18-month development of their multisensory art installation “An Encounter With Lux Prima” premieres today exclusively on Variety. Watch the piece — directed by Luisa Conlon and Max Knight, produced in partnership with Dropbox and featuring interviews with many of the installation’s collaborators —below. “An Encounter with Lux Prima” is described as “an immersive, communal listening experience intended to be the living nucleus” of the album, which was released in March on BMG (and received a rave review in Variety); the pair also gave a Times Talk about the album with a brief performance. The show premiered last month at Los Angeles’ Marciano Art Foundation, with an opening gala attended by David Lynch, See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this SXSW Adds Jodie Foster, Katie Couric And More As Featured Speakers; Pj Raval, Dawn Ostroff To Keynote Lineup 27 February 2019 by Dino-Ray Ramos Deadline The lineup for keynote and featured speakers continues to grow at SXSW with their final round up of guests. Call Her Ganda filmmaker Pj Raval and a conversation with Spotify chief content officer Dawn Ostroff, Gimlet co-founder Matt Lieber and Anchor co-founder Michael Mignano have been added to keynote program while journalist Katie Couric, Oscar-winning actress Jodie Foster, MasterClass CEO and cofounder David Rogier; entrepreneur and model Ashley Graham; journalist and author Malcolm Gladwell; writer and director Noah Hawley; actress Billie Lourd, NBC News president Noah Oppenheim and others have been added to the feature lineup. “SXSW continues to be a unique destination for innovation and discovery,” said Hugh Forrest, Chief Programming Officer. “The addition of groundbreaking filmmakers like Pj Raval and influential voices like Ashley Graham and Malcolm Gladwell expresses the depth of the event, and we’re so pleased about how the whole of Conference programming has come together. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Elisabeth Moss, Brandi Carlile, John Boehner Added as SXSW Speakers 12 February 2019 by Dave McNary Variety The Beastie Boys, Brandi Carlile, Elisabeth Moss, T Bone Burnett and former House Speaker John Boehner have been added as speakers at the SXSW Conference during March 8–17 in Austin, Texas. Keynotes announced Tuesday include Adam Horovitz and Michael Diamond of the Beastie Boys with Amazon’s Nathan Brackett; investor and author Roger McNamee with Wired editor-in-chief Nicholas Thompson; and Recode co-founder and editor-at-large Kara Swisher, in addition to Boehner and Burnett. The conference runs concurrently with the SXSW Film Festival. Featured speakers include politician Stacey Abrams, David Byrne, Elizabeth Banks, Aidy Bryant, professional wrestler Charlotte Flair, Ethan Hawke, Amber Heard, Gwyneth Paltrow, Kevin Reilly, Nile Rodgers, futurist Brian Solis, Padma Lakshmi, WWE chief brand officer Stephanie McMahon; Gemini president Cameron Winklevoss and CEO Tyler Winklevoss. Carlile and Moss will be paired in a discussion. “We’re fortunate to bring together a diverse group of creative thinkers and leaders to share their perspectives, See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Credited With | External Sites Shirley Manson Related Items Credited With News External Sites Filmography by Year by Job by Ratings by Votes by Genre by Keyword Personal Details Biography Other Works Publicity Listings Official Sites Contact Info (IMDbPro) Did You Know? Personal Quotes Trivia Trademark Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards Professional Services Get more at IMDbPro Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users my fav red headed celebs a list of 35 people created 11 months ago An exploration of human beauty a list of 41 people created 22 Jul 2016 Famous Scottish Actors a list of 27 people created 19 Feb 2014 Redheads a list of 29 people created 07 Mar 2014 Women I think are attractive. a list of 21 people created 07 Feb 2013 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.