Shutter Island (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1130884/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_156
Shutter Island (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Shutter Island 20102010 RR 2h 18m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 1.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 260 30 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:33 14 Videos 99+ Photos MysteryThriller In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 1.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 260 30 Director Martin Scorsese Writers Laeta Kalogridis(screenplay) Dennis Lehane(novel) Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Emily Mortimer Mark Ruffalo Top credits Director Martin Scorsese Writers Laeta Kalogridis(screenplay) Dennis Lehane(novel) Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Emily Mortimer Mark Ruffalo See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 530Critic reviews 63Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #156 Awards 11 wins & 66 nominations Videos14 Trailer 0:33 Shutter Island: Super Bowl Spot Trailer 2:18 Shutter Island: UK Trailer Trailer 2:26 Shutter Island: Trailer #2 Trailer 2:32 Shutter Island: Trailer #1 Trailer 2:33 Shutter Island Clip 3:07 What Roles Has Mark Ruffalo Been Considered For? Clip 0:49 "Sense of Calm" from Shutter Island Clip 0:51 "Arriving" from Shutter Island Featurette 3:44 Shutter Island: Leonardo DiCaprio on Teddy Daniels Interview 1:36 Was 'The New Mutants' Set Haunted? Interview 1:02 Shutter Island Interview 0:32 Martin Scorsese Talks About Casting Leo for Shutter Island Photos216 Top cast Edit Leonardo DiCaprio Teddy Danielsas Teddy Daniels Emily Mortimer Rachel 1as Rachel 1 Mark Ruffalo Chuck Auleas Chuck Aule Ben Kingsley Dr. Cawleyas Dr. Cawley Max von Sydow Dr. Naehringas Dr. Naehring Michelle Williams Doloresas Dolores Patricia Clarkson Rachel 2as Rachel 2 Jackie Earle Haley George Noyceas George Noyce Ted Levine Wardenas Warden John Carroll Lynch Deputy Warden McPhersonas Deputy Warden McPherson Elias Koteas Laeddisas Laeddis Robin Bartlett Bridget Kearnsas Bridget Kearns Christopher Denham Peter Breeneas Peter Breene Nellie Sciutto Nurse Marinoas Nurse Marino Joseph Sikora Glen Migaas Glen Miga (as Joe Sikora) Curtiss Cook Trey Washingtonas Trey Washington (as Curtiss I' Cook) Raymond Anthony Thomas Orderly Gantonas Orderly Ganton (as Ray Anthony Thomas) Joseph McKenna Inmate Billingsas Inmate Billings Director Martin Scorsese Writers Laeta Kalogridis(screenplay) Dennis Lehane(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.4 Django Unchained 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.8 Inception 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.6 Se7en 8.5 The Departed 8.5 The Prestige 8.8 Fight Club 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.4 Memento Storyline Edit In 1954, up-and-coming U.S. marshal Teddy Daniels is assigned to investigate the disappearance of a patient from Boston's Shutter Island Ashecliffe Hospital. He's been pushing for an assignment on the island for personal reasons, but before long he thinks he's been brought there as part of a twisted plot by hospital doctors whose radical treatments range from unethical to illegal to downright sinister. Teddy's shrewd investigating skills soon provide a promising lead, but the hospital refuses him access to records he suspects would break the case wide open. As a hurricane cuts off communication with the mainland, more dangerous criminals "escape" in the confusion, and the puzzling, improbable clues multiply, Teddy begins to doubt everything - his memory, his partner, even his own sanity. —alfiehitchie surprise endingneo noirmedical experimentmental asylumcave393 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Someone is missing. Genres Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for disturbing violent content, language and some nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The title is an anagram of "truths and lies", and "truths/denials". Goofs No recording of Gustav Mahler's Quartet in A minor existed during WW2. The work was not known to have been performed between 1876 and the early 1960s, when the composer's widow rediscovered the score. Quotes [last lines] Teddy Daniels: You know, this place makes me wonder. Chuck Aule: Yeah, what's that, boss? Teddy Daniels: Which would be worse - to live as a monster, or to die as a good man? [gets up and walks off] Chuck Aule: Teddy? Connections Featured in The Rotten Tomatoes Show: Taking of Pelham 123/Imagine That/Moon (2009) Soundtracks Lontano (1967) Written by György Ligeti Performed by Berliner Philharmoniker (as Berlin Philharmonic) Conducted by Jonathan Nott Courtesy of Warner Classics By Arrangement with Warner Music Group Film & TV Licensing User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 No one likes to be messed with. Shutter Island. A film that will divide the film community. A film that will leave many upset, and hating it. A film that has already completely split the critics. A movie that messes with you. And no one likes to be messed with. And that is exactly where it exceeds. Think I'm contradicting myself? Shutter Island is one of the most well crafted psychological thrillers to come by since Silence Of The Lambs. And it is no coincidence both were brilliantly written novels. Shutter Island is adapted by a book written by Dennis Lehane (wrote gone baby, gone and mystic river). It is a book filled with twists and turns, that will leave the reader dizzy. And, that is what it's film counterpart does to the fullest. Martin Scorsese helms the director chair, in a movie where he is more free than any before. This is Scorsese at his most unrestrained. Marty takes what he has learned from the great films of the past and puts it into his. The master of suspense Alfred Hitchcock's influence is everywhere you look in this film. And it is no wonder, considering Scorsese even showed one of his greatest works to the crew: Vertigo. And many of those ideas are present in Shutter Island; the cliff scenes scream Hitchcock. This is a film that creeps and crawls, and is filled with dark corners. And it is all heightened by the coming storm that looms over the island. This is classic film noir. The story follows Teddy, a federal Marshall, and his partner Chuck (Played by DiCaprio and Ruffulo). They go to this mysterious island enveloped in fog to investigate an escape. From these opening scenes, Marty has set up a dark and creepy premise. Almost the whole movie incorporates this story as Teddy desperately tries to find the truths he seeks. Teddy is shown as a scared man; a man of war and violence as portrayed in various flashbacks. These will go on to be increasingly important as the story progresses. We follow Teddy on his quest, through every dark corridor and perilous confrontations. Slowly, we are given pieces to the puzzle, but the audience does not even realize it. For we, like Teddy, are blind. For the moment at least. It is because of this that the thrilling conclusion will leave many blindsided. But, you see, that is where this thriller becomes something more. We as the audience are put in Teddy's shoes, and we feel all the things he feels. It is a complete assault on the senses, and it works beautifully. This is a film you must watch carefully. That is another thing that sets this apart, it is a horror film that makes you actually think. In this day and age, I'm not surprised some found it terrible esp. after their brains have been turned to mush by these new gore filled horror films. Scorsese's ultimate goal here is to wake you up. And trust me, you probably wont like it. This is also a film I would recommend seeing a second time. In fact, it is even better the second time. All those pieces of that puzzle you didn't catch the first time, you will the second. You see, we as the audience are first put in the shoes of Teddy. The second? Well, without giving too much away, lets just say you are put in someones else's shoes entirely during the second viewing. Shutter Island. A film that will make you question your own sanity. A film that will leave you breathless. A film that has re-ignited the thriller genre. A film that will leave you, and the main character, searching for answers. 10 out of 10 -CLS helpful•1K 185 stednitzrules250 Feb 21, 2010 FAQ24 What is "Shutter Island" about? Is "Shutter Island" based on a book? Who is Andrew Laeddis? Details Edit Release date February 19, 2010 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Centrumfilmow Languages English German Also known as 禁闭岛 Filming locations Peddocks Island, Boston Harbor, Boston, Massachusetts, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures Phoenix Pictures Sikelia Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $80,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $128,012,934 Opening weekend US & Canada $41,062,440 Feb 21, 2010 Gross worldwide $294,805,697 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 18 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Lena Dunham, Ruth Wilson, Dennis Lehane Team for ‘Mob Queens’ Limited Series at HBO Nov 11Variety Film + TV Leonardo DiCaprio in Final Talks to Star in and Produce MGM’s ‘Jim Jones’ Movie Nov 8Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.