Six Minutes to Midnight (2020) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5114840/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Six Minutes to Midnight (2020) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Six Minutes to Midnight 20202020 PG-13PG-13 1h 39m IMDb RATING 5.8/10 3.4K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,316 716 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:52 2 Videos 27 Photos DramaThriller UK, Aug. 15, 1939: 17 days before WWII, an English teacher and his camera disappear on a coastal boarding school with 20 German teen girls. Miller gets the job 6 days later, secretly trying ... Read allUK, Aug. 15, 1939: 17 days before WWII, an English teacher and his camera disappear on a coastal boarding school with 20 German teen girls. Miller gets the job 6 days later, secretly trying to find out what happened.UK, Aug. 15, 1939: 17 days before WWII, an English teacher and his camera disappear on a coastal boarding school with 20 German teen girls. Miller gets the job 6 days later, secretly trying to find out what happened. IMDb RATING 5.8/10 3.4K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,316 716 Director Andy Goddard Writers Eddie Izzard(story by) Celyn Jones(story by) Andy Goddard(screenplay by) Stars Nigel Lindsay Judi Dench Eddie Izzard Top credits Director Andy Goddard Writers Eddie Izzard(story by) Celyn Jones(story by) Andy Goddard(screenplay by) Stars Nigel Lindsay Judi Dench Eddie Izzard See production, box office & company info 94User reviews 42Critic reviews 48Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 2 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:52 Official Trailer Trailer 1:48 Six Minutes to Midnight Photos27 Top cast Edit Nigel Lindsay Wheatleyas Wheatley Judi Dench Miss Rochollas Miss Rocholl Eddie Izzard Thomas Milleras Thomas Miller Jim Broadbent Charlieas Charlie Maria Dragus Astridas Astrid Luisa-Céline Gaffron Sigridas Sigrid Daria Wolf Letaas Leta Bianca Nawrath Paulaas Paula Carla Juri Ilse Kelleras Ilse Keller Franziska Brandmeier Beatrixas Beatrix Tijan Marei Gretelas Gretel Kevin Eldon Sergeant Simmonsas Sergeant Simmons Toby Hadoke Music Hall Comicas Music Hall Comic Andrew Byron German Ministeras German Minister Joe Bone Jackieas Jackie Rupert Holliday-Evans Band Leaderas Band Leader Richard Elfyn Stanas Stan Finty Williams Miriamas Miriam Director Andy Goddard Writers Eddie Izzard(story by) (screenplay by) Celyn Jones(story by) (screenplay by) Andy Goddard(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.4 Blithe Spirit 5.8 The Secrets We Keep 6.6 A Call to Spy 6.4 To Olivia 6.7 The Last Vermeer 7.5 The Mauritanian 7.1 The Courier 6.2 Crisis 7.1 Sixty Minutes to Midnight 6.9 The Dry 7.0 Summerland 5.9 Made in Italy Storyline Edit Summer 1939. Influential families in Nazi Germany have sent their daughters to a finishing school in an English seaside town to learn the language and be ambassadors for a future looking National Socialist. A teacher there sees what is coming and is trying to raise the alarm. But the authorities believe he is the problem. —Andy Evans world war two Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Britain 1939. Hitler's grip is tightening. No-one can be trusted. Genres Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some violence Parents guide Add content advisory Did you know Edit Trivia The title of the film is nothing to do with the Doomsday Clock, which was not introduced until 8 years after the events of the film, and is nothing to do with British Intelligence. As the character of Captain Drey explains in the film itself, it refers to Miller's Intelligence phone contact number which is Whitehall 1154. Goofs By September 1939, the UK radar early warning system (Chain Home) was fully operational and had been effective for some years. The area around Bexhill, being particularly well covered and able to detect aircraft down to 50ft above the water. It is unthinkable that an aircraft of the size of a Ju-52 could get anywhere close to landfall without being intercepted. Quotes Miss Rocholl: What bring you here Mr. Miller? What sort of English man would accept a position teaching Herr Hitler's league of German girls? Soundtracks Take Me Back to Dear Old Blighty Words and Music by Fred Godfrey, A.J. Mills, Bennett Scott Published by B Fieldman & Co Ltd, Francis Day & Hunter Ltd Performed by Scarlett White User reviews94 Review Top review 7/10 I wish Alfred Hitchcock could have Directed this film My Review - Six Minutes to Midnight My Rating 7/10 Six Minutes to Midnight is a 2020 British war drama film directed by Andy Goddard from a screenplay by Goddard, Celyn Jones and Eddie Izzard, starring Izzard, Judi Dench, Carla Juri, James D'Arcy and Jim Broadbent. I enjoyed Six Minutes to Midnight mainly for Judi Dench's performance and the effective music score by Marc Streitenfeld . Eddie Izzard and Celyn Jones wrote the story set in a boarding school for German girls just before the commencement of The Second World War .The story is loosely inspired by the real-life Augusta Victoria College, located in the also real-life coastal town Bexhill-on-Sea (county of Sussex, south-east to England). The establishment is under surveillance by the British secret service, and the film follows the attempts by a British agent (masquerading as a school teacher) to uncover a plot to repatriate the pupils and discover what happened to his predecessor, who has disappeared. I thought the female cast held this film together especially Judi Dench casting as Miss Rocholl the Principle of the boarding school and Carla Juri as the Head Teacher Ilse plus all of the 20 young girl students were well cast special mention of Maria Dragus cast as Astrid the Class Leader. I was less impressed by the male cast including Eddie Izzard who is cast as Thomas Miller the Agent posing as a school teacher . No spoilers but I would have preferred Actors of the caliber of Ben Whishaw or Benedict Cumberbatch in this important role. James D'arcy as Captain Drey I thought was almost melodramatically comedic at times in his performance. I kept thinking this is a story Alfred Hitchcock would have Directed far better and very differently to Andy Goddard . Judi Dench now 86 years old and very vision impaired amazes me with her aptitude for remembering lines and even more for her dedication to any part she plays . There's a scene where she realises what's happening and not a word is spoken but all is conveyed in her facial reactions. Six Minutes to Midnight for me had a great beginning and conclusion but got a little off track somewhere in the middle but it's well worth a look. helpful•8 2 tm-sheehan Apr 24, 2021 Details Edit Release date October 15, 2020 (Russia) Country of origin United Kingdom Languages German English Also known as Sáu Phút Trước Nửa Đêm Filming locations Llandudno, Conwy, Wales, UK Production companies Ffilm Cymru Wales Mad As Birds Reliance Entertainment Productions 6 See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $132,500 Opening weekend US & Canada $51,315 Mar 28, 2021 Gross worldwide $2,890,763 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 39 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news The setting and the clothes by Anne-Katrin Titze Jun 4eyeforfilm.co.uk Protecting the children by Anne-Katrin Titze May 18eyeforfilm.co.uk Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Six Minutes to Midnight (2020) officially released in Japan in Japanese?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.