Skyfall (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1074638/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_94
Skyfall (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Skyfall 20122012 PG-13PG-13 2h 23m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 668K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 94 77 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:03 25 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller James Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. When MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost.James Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. When MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost.James Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. When MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 668K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 94 77 Director Sam Mendes Writers Neal Purvis Robert Wade John Logan Stars Daniel Craig Javier Bardem Naomie Harris Top credits Director Sam Mendes Writers Neal Purvis Robert Wade John Logan Stars Daniel Craig Javier Bardem Naomie Harris See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 542Critic reviews 81Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 2 Oscars 67 wins & 123 nominations total Videos25 Trailer 2:03 U.S. Version #2 Trailer 1:12 Adele Version Trailer 2:32 U.S. Version -- #1 Trailer 2:26 International Version Trailer 1:12 No. 1 Trailer 2:23 Skyfall Clip 1:59 A Guide to the Films of Sam Mendes Clip 6:36 These Bond Women Are Changing the Spy Game Clip 3:39 Bond 25 Returns to 007's Origins Clip 2:19 'Bond 25,' MCU-TV, and More News of the Week Clip 0:51 "Take the Shot" Clip 0:37 "Digger Train" Photos333 Top cast Edit Daniel Craig James Bondas James Bond Javier Bardem Silvaas Silva Naomie Harris Eveas Eve Judi Dench Mas M Ralph Fiennes Gareth Malloryas Gareth Mallory Bérénice Marlohe Severineas Severine (as Bérénice Lim Marlohe) Albert Finney Kincadeas Kincade Ben Whishaw Qas Q Rory Kinnear Tanneras Tanner Ola Rapace Patriceas Patrice Helen McCrory Clair Dowar MPas Clair Dowar MP Nicholas Woodeson Doctor Hallas Doctor Hall Bill Buckhurst Ronsonas Ronson Elize du Toit Vanessa (M's Assistant)as Vanessa (M's Assistant) Ian Bonar MI6 Technicianas MI6 Technician Gordon Milne M's Driveras M's Driver Peter Basham Vauxhall Bridge Police Guardas Vauxhall Bridge Police Guard Ben Loyd-Holmes Vauxhall Bridge Police Guardas Vauxhall Bridge Police Guard Director Sam Mendes Writers Neal Purvis Robert Wade John Logan All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Daniel Craig is back as MI6 super-spy James Bond in No Time to Die. IMDb Cheat Sheet recaps the films of the Daniel Craig era of the 007 franchise from Casino Royale to the greatly anticipated No Time to Die.Watch the interview 7:46 More like this 6.8 Spectre 8.0 Casino Royale 6.6 Quantum of Solace 7.5 No Time to Die 7.2 GoldenEye 6.1 Die Another Day 6.4 The World Is Not Enough 6.5 Tomorrow Never Dies 7.7 Goldfinger 7.2 Dr. No 7.4 From Russia with Love 6.6 Licence to Kill Storyline Edit When James Bond's (Daniel Craig's) latest assignment goes gravely wrong and Agents around the world are exposed, MI6 is attacked, forcing (M Dame Judi Dench) to relocate the agency. These events cause her authority and position to be challenged by Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes), the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. With MI6 now compromised from both inside and out, M is left with one ally she can trust: Bond. 007 takes to the shadows, aided only by field agent, Miss Eve Moneypenny (Naomie Harris), following a trail to the mysterious Tiago Rodriguez, a.k.a. Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem), whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves. —JoaoBond 007death of major characterofficial bond filmofficial james bond seriesjames bond character573 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense violent sequences throughout, some sexuality, language and smoking Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Daniel Craig performed the stunt of leaping and sliding down the escalator rail himself. Goofs When Q investigates Silva's computer he connects it to the MI6 network. No one who knows anything about computer security would ever connect a suspect computer to the network before it has been fully investigated and found to be safe. Such a system would be investigated in strict isolation. Quotes [Bond stares at the porcelain bulldog statue on M's desk] James Bond: The whole office goes up in smoke and that bloody thing survives. M: Your interior decorating tips have always been appreciated, 007. Crazy credits Bond's traditional shot towards the camera, seen through the barrel of a gun, is placed at the end of this, film rather than the beginning. After the blood stops dripping, the James Bond 50th Anniversary logo appears with the words "James Bond will return," below it. Alternate versions In the European theatrical release, BBC journalist Huw Edwards presents a news report about the attack on MI6's HQ that prompts Bond to come back from the dead. In the North American release, CNN journalist Wolf Blitzer presents it instead. Connections Edited into Omega 'Skyfall' Television Commercial (2012) Soundtracks Skyfall Music and Lyrics by Adele and Paul Epworth Performed by Adele User reviews1.6K Review Top review 9/10 Billion dollar Bond Having watched every James Bond film on the big silver screen since The Spy Who Loved Me in 1977. It was almost surreal to see Skyfall being made by an Oscar winning director, go on to win Oscars and become one of the top grossing films of all time. The billion dollar Bond. To think back in 1989, Licence to Kill could not compete with the likes of Batman, Indiana Jones or Lethal Weapon 2 in the US box office. Bond is presumed dead after a mission goes wrong in Istanbul as he tries to retrieve a hard drive containing a list of top agents. M is under pressure especially as it seems she is being targeted by an anonymous cyber terrorist who turns out to be a rogue agent Silva (Javier Bardem) who was once M's most effective spy. Skyfall celebrated 50 years of the Bond films in the cinemas. It also takes liberties with the messy timeline of the film series. Daniel Craig's novice spy from Casino Royale is now a disillusioned veteran, at one point told to call it a day. The film re-introduces some familiar characters after being away for a few films, a younger more hi-tech Q and a new Miss Moneypenny. There is also a new M hovering in the background. The film also references earlier Bond movies as part of its golden anniversary celebrations. Although the film contains international locations, breathtaking action, some sumptuous cinematography from Roger Deakins, it flags a bit in the middle when it needed an additional action sequence. What director Sam Mendes does bring is some character moments and making effective use of Judi Dench as she recites some Tennyson. Unusually for a Bond film, this must be the only occasion where the villain actually achieved all of his objectives! helpful•11 3 Prismark10 Feb 3, 2017 Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating No Time to Die marks Daniel Craig's final outing in the James Bond franchise. See which 007 films have received the highest ratings from IMDb users.See the list List FAQ27 Are there any plans by EON Productions to issue a "Directors Cut", to help correct the original final cut ? (21 second love seen) What is "Skyfall" about? Is "Skyfall" from a Fleming book? Details Edit Release date January 21, 2013 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Turkey Official sites 20th Century Fox (United States) MGM (United States) Languages English Turkish Shanghainese Portuguese Japanese Also known as 007：大破天幕杀机 Filming locations Eminönü Square, Istanbul, Turkey Production companies Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) Columbia Pictures Danjaq See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $200,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $304,360,277 Opening weekend US & Canada $88,364,714 Nov 11, 2012 Gross worldwide $1,108,569,499 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 23 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Sonics-DDP Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Atmos IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘No Time To Die’ Crosses $700M Global, Becomes Biggest Hollywood Pic Of Pandemic Overseas; ‘Eternals’ Assembles $281M WW Through Second Session – International Box Office Nov 14Deadline Film + TV UK-Ireland box office preview: ‘Cry Macho’, ‘Mothering Sunday’ take on strong holdovers Nov 12ScreenDaily Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.