Slap Shot (1977) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076723?ref_=rlm
Slap Shot (1977) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Slap Shot 19771977 RR 2h 3m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 36K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,526 1,119 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:47 2 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDramaSport A failing ice hockey team finds success with outrageously violent hockey goonery.A failing ice hockey team finds success with outrageously violent hockey goonery.A failing ice hockey team finds success with outrageously violent hockey goonery. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 36K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,526 1,119 Director George Roy Hill Writer Nancy Dowd Stars Paul Newman Michael Ontkean Strother Martin Top credits Director George Roy Hill Writer Nancy Dowd Stars Paul Newman Michael Ontkean Strother Martin See production, box office & company info 176User reviews 63Critic reviews 61Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 2 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:47 Slap Shot Full Episode 3:30 "The Ranch" Star Elisha Cuthbert Can't Get Enough of Brad Pitt Photos144 Top cast Edit Paul Newman Reggieas Reggie Michael Ontkean Ned Bradenas Ned Braden Strother Martin McGrathas McGrath Jennifer Warren Francineas Francine Lindsay Crouse Lilyas Lily Jerry Houser Killer Carlsonas Killer Carlson Andrew Duncan Jim Carras Jim Carr Jeff Carlson Jeff Hansonas Jeff Hanson Steve Carlson Steve Hansonas Steve Hanson David Hanson Jack Hansonas Jack Hanson Yvon Barrette Denis Lemieuxas Denis Lemieux Allan F. Nicholls Uptonas Upton (as Allan Nicholls) Brad Sullivan Wanchukas Wanchuk Stephen Mendillo Jim Ahernas Jim Ahern Yvan Ponton Drouinas Drouin Matthew Cowles Charlieas Charlie Kathryn Walker Anita McCambridgeas Anita McCambridge Melinda Dillon Suzanneas Suzanne Director George Roy Hill Writer Nancy Dowd All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.1 The Longest Yard 7.5 The Natural 7.1 Bull Durham 4.4 Slap Shot 2: Breaking the Ice 7.2 Major League 7.5 Miracle 6.7 The Adventures of Bob & Doug McKenzie: Strange Brew 4.1 Slap Shot 3: The Junior League 6.9 Private Parts 6.7 Back to School 7.2 Eight Men Out 7.5 National Lampoon's Animal House Storyline Edit Located in the US Rust Belt, Charlestown is home of the hapless Chiefs, a losing Federal League hockey team whose games are poorly attended. To make money, the team's unknown owner makes its manager, Joe McGrath, do cheesy publicity much to the players' chagrin. Rumors abound among the players that if the local mill closes, the team will fold. Just before the official announcement is made, the team's aging player/coach, Reggie Dunlop, does get wind that the mill is indeed closing and that this season will be the team's last. Beyond efforts to reconcile with his wife Francine, who loves Reggie but doesn't love his career, Reggie begins to focus on how to renew interest in the team for a possible sale as he knows if the team folds, his hockey career is over. Without telling anyone of his plan, he begins a rumor that the owner is negotiating a sale with a city in Florida. He also decides that "goon" hockey - most especially using the untapped talents of the recently acquired childlike but quietly menacing Hanson brothers - is the way to renew local interest. It works as the team begins to attract new fans, sell out games, sell out away games attended largely by their groupies, and win, which does fuel the rumor of a sale. The one team member who doesn't like this new style is Ned Braden, a college graduate who plays the game solely because he loves it. His hockey career is against the wishes of his tomboyish wife, Lily, who hates everything about Charlestown and being a hockey wife. Reggie's goal of winning the league championship and having the team sold takes a turn when he finally meets the team's owner and discovers the owner's motivations. Ned, with his own views of what is right and wrong in hockey, may come up with an unexpected way to achieve all their goals. —Huggo hockey violencehockey fightice hockeycult filmhockey movie97 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Certain Language May Be Too Strong For Children Genres Comedy Drama Sport Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Paul Newman had stated on many occasions that he had more fun making this film than on any other film he has starred in, and that it remained his favorite of his own films until his death. Goofs Just after the wives discuss the "Great Ideas of the World" set, Jean-Guy Drouin chases a player behind the net and when they come out the other side, a director in skates and a couple members of his crew can be seen on the ice in the corner of the rink. Quotes [referee skates over to Steve Carlson during the playing of the National Anthem] Peterboro Referee: I got my eye on the three of you, guys. You pull one thing, you're out of this game! I run a clean game here. I have any trouble here, I'll suspend you! Steve Hanson: I'm listening to the fucking song! Crazy credits Special thanks to John Mitchell and his Johnstown Jets. Alternate versions The VHS and laserdisc version replaced Maxine Nightingale's recording of "Right Back Where We Started From" on the soundtrack. The DVD and TV versions retain the song. Connections Edited into Yoostar 2: In the Movies (2011) Soundtracks Right Back Where We Started From (uncredited) Written by Pierre Tubbs and J. Vincent Edwards Performed by Maxine Nightingale United Artists Records User reviews176 Review Top review Hilarious, oddly influential dark sports comedy Mostly hated by critics on its release, as much for its cynical viewpoint as its relentless profanity, "Slap Shot" has since become something of a cult classic. Set in the low-rent world of minor-league hockey, the movie follows the efforts of player-coach Reggie Dunlop (Paul Newman) to turn around the Charlestown Chiefs' final, losing season in a dying Pennsylvania steel town. Reggie is not above using a dirty trick or two to manipulate his teammates or psych out opposing players, and cheerfully gets physical when he has to. Even Reggie recoils in disgust, however, when his tightwad manager (Strother Martin) brings in the Hanson Brothers, three thick-lensed, thicker-headed goons who are more interested in fighting than playing Reggie's brand of "old-time hockey". When it becomes apparent that the hometown crowd loves the Hanson's rough and bloody style, Reggie decides to go with the flow, and to fire up his other players concocts the story that, if they can win the championship, the owner will be able to sell the franchise to a group of rich retirees in Florida. To do that, though, they will have to get past an opposing squad specially stocked with the league's most notorious goons... A sometimes uneasy blend of slapstick and kitchen-sink realism , "Slap Shot" has some pertinent things to say about the American worship of success at all costs, and (long before the rise of the WWF) our fascination with violent sports. Echos of its gritty style can be seen not only in many later sporting films, such as "Bull Durham" and "Major League", but even in the wave of British movies in which characters fight to hold onto their lives after the collapse of hometown industry, such as "The Full Monty" and "Brassed Off". The film really shines as a straight comedy, though, delivering some classic characters and set pieces: virtually every appearance of the Hansons; a clueless, toupee-wearing sportscaster (Andrew Duncan); the team's tiny Quebecker goalie (Yvon Barrette), and Newman himself, in one of his personal favorite roles. The females fare less well, although Jennifer Warren stands out as Dunlop's long-suffering, estranged wife. Note: in the VHS version, the background music has been replaced by an inferior, generic soundtrack. The DVD version, with the original music, is preferable. helpful•93 5 ggh6 Jul 27, 2001 Details Edit Release date February 25, 1977 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Site Language English Also known as Schlagschuß Filming locations Johnstown, Pennsylvania, USA Production companies Kings Road Entertainment Pan Arts Universal Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $28,000,000 Gross worldwide $28,000,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 3 minutes Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Martin Campbell Aug 27Trailers from Hell Doctor Z Jun 15Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Slap Shot (1977) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.