Snakes on a Plane (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0417148/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Snakes on a Plane (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Snakes on a Plane 20062006 RR 1h 45m IMDb RATING 5.4/10 137K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,421 401 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:22 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureCrime An FBI agent takes on a plane full of deadly venomous snakes, deliberately released to kill a witness being flown from Honolulu to Los Angeles to testify against a mob boss.An FBI agent takes on a plane full of deadly venomous snakes, deliberately released to kill a witness being flown from Honolulu to Los Angeles to testify against a mob boss.An FBI agent takes on a plane full of deadly venomous snakes, deliberately released to kill a witness being flown from Honolulu to Los Angeles to testify against a mob boss. IMDb RATING 5.4/10 137K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,421 401 Director David R. Ellis Writers John Heffernan(screenplay) Sebastian Gutierrez(screenplay) David Dalessandro(story) Stars Samuel L. Jackson Julianna Margulies Nathan Phillips Top credits Director David R. Ellis Writers John Heffernan(screenplay) Sebastian Gutierrez(screenplay) David Dalessandro(story) Stars Samuel L. Jackson Julianna Margulies Nathan Phillips See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 298Critic reviews 58Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 8 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:22 Snakes on a Plane Video 2:31 Which Roles Did Samuel L. Jackson Turn Down? Photos221 Top cast Edit Samuel L. Jackson Neville Flynnas Neville Flynn Julianna Margulies Claire Milleras Claire Miller Nathan Phillips Sean Jonesas Sean Jones Rachel Blanchard Mercedesas Mercedes Flex Alexander Three G'sas Three G's Kenan Thompson Troyas Troy Keith Dallas Big Leroyas Big Leroy (as Keith [Blackman] Dallas) Lin Shaye Graceas Grace Bruce James Kenas Ken Sunny Mabrey Tiffanyas Tiffany Casey Dubois Curtisas Curtis Daniel Hogarth Tommyas Tommy Gerard Plunkett Paulas Paul Terry Chen Chen Leongas Chen Leong Elsa Pataky Mariaas Maria Emily Holmes Ashleyas Ashley Tygh Runyan Tyleras Tyler Mark Houghton John Sandersas John Sanders Director David R. Ellis Writers John Heffernan(screenplay) (story) Sebastian Gutierrez(screenplay) David Dalessandro(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Samuel L. Jackson Through the Years Samuel L. Jackson Through the Years Take a look back at Samuel L. Jackson's movie career in photos.See more Samuel More like this 5.0 Leprechaun Returns 4.8 Anaconda 5.1 Stay Alive 4.6 Black Christmas 5.9 Deep Blue Sea 5.9 Piranha 5.6 Urban Legend 6.5 Psycho II 5.2 Sorority Row 5.8 Final Destination 5 5.7 The Slumber Party Massacre 4.4 Jason X Storyline Edit While practicing motocross in Hawaii, Sean Jones witnesses the brutal murder of an important American prosecutor by the powerful mobster Eddie Kim. FBI agent Neville Flynn persuades him to testify against Eddie in Los Angeles. They board the red-eye Flight 121 of Pacific Air, occupying the entire first-class section. However, Eddie dispatches hundred of different species of snakes airborne with a time-operated device in the luggage to release the snakes into the flight with the intent of crashing the plane. Neville and the passengers must struggle with the snakes to survive. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil naked dead womansex in an airplanemurder of a nude womanpantyhoseairplane251 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines On August 18th Summer Really Begins Genres Action Adventure Crime Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language, a scene of sexuality and drug use, and intense sequences of terror and violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia (At around forty-four minutes) When the male flight attendant puts the snake in the microwave, he can be seen hitting the "snake" preset button on that microwave, a somewhat unusual preset for a microwave. Goofs (at around 1h 27 mins) Flynn tells the passengers to hold their breaths before he shoots the windows, thereby depressurizing the interior of the plane. In reality, if a person holds their breath during depressurization, a 'lung over-expansion injury' can occur. This is why scuba divers are taught "Never hold your breath". Quotes Neville Flynn: ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! [the terrified passengers on the plane turn to Neville] Neville Flynn: I HAVE HAD IT WITH THESE MOTHERFUCKING SNAKES ON THIS MOTHERFUCKING PLANE! Crazy credits Before the credits, there is a quick flash of a open-mouthed snake ready to bite the camera. During the credits, Cobra Starship's "Snakes on a Plane (Bring It!)" music video plays. Alternate versions The DVD contains some deleted scenes: A scene where Mercedes talks to the newlywed couple in the airport. The scene where Eddie Kim fights his opponent is prolonged. A scene where you see all the passengers board the plane. The dialog between Three Gs and Mercedes is prolonged. More dialogs in the first meeting between Agent Flynn and Claire. The attack on Mrs. Bova is prolonged. A scene where Three Gs and Mercedes talk about a music video. The newlywed woman complains that she never will have children. A short scene between the newlyweds when they prepare to crash. More dialog in the final scene between Flynn and Claire. Connections Featured in Pure Venom: The Making of 'Snakes on a Plane' (2006) Soundtracks Lovely Day Written and Performed by Donavon Frankenreiter Courtesy of Lost Highway Records User reviews1K Review Top review 5/10 The Internet spawned a monster... I'm confident that "Snakes on a Plane" will prove once and for all that Internet culture and mainstream culture are not one and the same. Because, my friends, the Internet will tell you that SOAP (as those in the know call it) is a classic film - the best "bad movie" ever made. But I think any more sensible member of the general public will tell you that SOAP is nothing more than a mildly competent action movie. It's not hysterically funny. It's not scary. It's occasionally exciting. And it sure ain't a "10" on the IMDb scale. Don't misunderstand me; I had fun watching the movie. I was even willing to be generous, until I saw the outrageously high rating on this site and all the strangely gushing reviews. Frankly, I'm a bit astonished. Why heap such praise on this particular film? If you love camp, over-the-top action movies, then why not worship a camp action film that's actually good? ("Wrath of Khan" springs to mind - also "Batman.") The truth is that parts of SOAP are pretty lame. Samuel L. Jackson is good, but his role is weirdly small. And, aside from his one power catchphrase, most of his dialog is banal and dull. The rest of the actors aren't even worth commenting on, since they're stuck with stock and boring "funny" characters. Speaking of dull, how many different ways can snakes really kill someone? They hiss...they lunge...they bite...over and over and over again. It's not particularly cinematic. And most of them are fake CGI anyway, so they're not even remotely frightening. Face it, the only reason to see this is because it's camp and bad. It's part of the whole culture of worshiping lame junk that's prevalent right now. It's hip to like terrible garage bands and lame movies because people are either too impatient, or too unsophisticated, to take the time to absorb entertainment that's actually artistic. So we watch and listen to junk, and imagine that we're superior to it, and that makes us feel good. Apparently. Is there anything wrong with liking junk? Not really - I review and praise junk on this site all the time. But putting junk on a pedestal? That's very, very wrong. Sermon over. helpful•621 266 dr_foreman Aug 20, 2006 FAQ8 What is "Snakes on a Plane" about? Is "Snakes on a Plane" based on a book? How do the snakes get from the cargo hold into the passenger compartment? Details Edit Release date August 18, 2006 (United States) Countries of origin United States Germany Language English Also known as Anaconda 3 Filming locations Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada Production companies New Line Cinema Mutual Film Company Meradin Zweite Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $33,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $34,020,814 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,850,000 Aug 20, 2006 Gross worldwide $62,022,014 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news New on Netflix: November 2021 Releases Nov 1Den of Geek New on Netflix for November 2021 Oct 31Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Italian language plot outline for Snakes on a Plane (2006)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.