Something Borrowed (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0491152?ref_=rlm
Something Borrowed (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Something Borrowed 20112011 PG-13PG-13 1h 52m IMDb RATING 5.9/10 60K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 852 6 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:27 7 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDramaRomance Friendships are tested and secrets come to the surface when terminally single Rachel falls for Dex, her best friend Darcy's fiancé.Friendships are tested and secrets come to the surface when terminally single Rachel falls for Dex, her best friend Darcy's fiancé.Friendships are tested and secrets come to the surface when terminally single Rachel falls for Dex, her best friend Darcy's fiancé. IMDb RATING 5.9/10 60K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 852 6 Director Luke Greenfield Writers Jennie Snyder Urman(screenplay) Emily Giffin(novel "Something Borrowed") Stars Ginnifer Goodwin Kate Hudson Colin Egglesfield Top credits Director Luke Greenfield Writers Jennie Snyder Urman(screenplay) Emily Giffin(novel "Something Borrowed") Stars Ginnifer Goodwin Kate Hudson Colin Egglesfield See production, box office & company info 231User reviews 135Critic reviews 36Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 5 nominations Videos7 Trailer 2:27 Something Borrowed: Trailer #2 Trailer 2:33 Something Borrowed Featurette 2:29 Behind the Scenes Featurette 1:45 "What is Something Borrowed?" Interview 6:48 Hilary Swank and Molly Mickler Smith: The IMDb Original Interview Interview 8:11 John Krasinski: The IMDb Original Interview Interview 6:49 Ginnifer Goodwin and Kate Hudson: The IMDb Original Interview Photos227 Top cast Edit Ginnifer Goodwin Rachelas Rachel Kate Hudson Darcyas Darcy Colin Egglesfield Dexas Dex John Krasinski Ethanas Ethan Steve Howey Marcusas Marcus Ashley Williams Claireas Claire Geoff Pierson Dexter Thaler Sr.as Dexter Thaler Sr. Jill Eikenberry Bridget Thaleras Bridget Thaler Jonathan Epstein Professor Zigmanas Professor Zigman Leia Thompson Bridal Consultantas Bridal Consultant Sarah Baldwin Juneas June Mark La Mura Marcus's Dadas Marcus's Dad Lindsay Ryan Salesgirlas Salesgirl Kirsten Day Pretty Brunetteas Pretty Brunette Christopher Peuler Husbandas Husband Herb Lieberz Cabbie #1as Cabbie #1 Jimmy Palumbo Cabbie #2as Cabbie #2 Mary O'Rourke Fallen Angelas Fallen Angel Director Luke Greenfield Writers Jennie Snyder Urman(screenplay) Emily Giffin(novel "Something Borrowed") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.5 Bride Wars 6.4 He's Just Not That Into You 6.3 A Little Bit of Heaven 5.5 Rumor Has It... 6.0 Raising Helen 7.4 Something Blue 6.5 The Duff 6.1 What's Your Number? 6.9 The Holiday 6.5 Life as We Know It 6.4 The Ugly Truth 6.1 27 Dresses Storyline Edit Rachel is a lawyer. When she was in law school she fell for another student, Dex, who comes from an affluent family, but she was too shy to say anything. When Dex meets her best friend Darcy, who sometimes treats her like dirt, Darcy makes a move on Dex and gets him. Eventually, they get engaged and Darcy asks Rachel to be her Maid of Honor. However, Rachel still has feelings for Dex and still can't say anything. Darcy throws her a birthday party and Dex is there. When she and Dex are alone she blurts out that she had a thing for him in college which surprised him, and after drinking a little they spend the night together. They try to forget the whole thing and agree that it means nothing. Ethan, Rachel's close friend, tells her that she'll spend her entire life regretting that if she does nothing. —rcs0411@yahoo.com parents son relationshipromantic trianglereference to a chipmunkwriting wedding vowsfiance fiancee relationship67 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It's a thin line between love and friendship. Genres Comedy Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sexual content including dialogue, and some drug material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Kate Hudson (Darcy) and Steve Howey (Marcus) also played a couple (who got married) in Bride Wars (2009). Goofs When everyone is playing badminton in the Hamptons, right before they start playing for secrets, Ethan opens an Heineken bottle. Few seconds later, he's opening it again. Quotes Rachel: You're an asshole! Ethan: Yeah, maybe I am. But i'm the only asshole here who gives a shit about you. Crazy credits Halfway through the end credits, a scene shows Darcy showing up in London to see Ethan, with the words "to be continued". Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #19.139 (2011) Soundtracks Shake It Written by Ali Dee, Aaron Jacob Sandlofer, Alana Da Fonseca & Julian Davis Performed by Lil Wendy Courtesy of DeeTown Entertainment User reviews231 Review Top review 7/10 Pleasant evening This is a pretty good example of a modern romantic comedy. It's less of a comedy but enjoyable nonetheless, made that way by the star, Ginnifer Goodwin. I can say that this is the first film where I have decided to buy a ticket based solely on the presence in it of Ginnifer Goodwin. I wasn't disappointed. She is luminous in most of the scenes she's in - and there are a lot of them considering she's the central character. She's never looked more alluring, more beautiful. But it's her delivery of the material that's the most satisfying. She is just a truly wonderful actress and she breathes real life into the part of Rachel, making us truly her ally in helping her achieve success and happiness. Goodwin is solidly backed by the lovely Kate Hudson as Darcy. Hudson is in perhaps her best performance as an over the top, somewhat obnoxious, intellectually challenged, manic blond filled with an almost mean-spirited, selfish self-interest. She is on the border of mercilessly taunting Goodwin's character in much of the film and Goodwin, playing ever the gracious friend, puts up with her friends excesses. The graciousness meets it's biggest challenge when her college study mate Dex, played by Colin Egglesfield, is swept out from under Rachel by the overbearing Darcy, who always gets what she wants. The interplay between these two actresses is a definite cut above the usual silliness of romantic comedies and Goodwin comes off looking much the better of the two, but that may be partly due to the greater sympathetic nature of her character. If you really watch Hudson she's riveting in places. The men in this offering, Egglesfield, John Krasinski and Steve Howey do their level best to provide counterpoint to the two leading ladies, but ultimately it's all about the girls. Krasinski is the most watchable, and likely the better actor but Howey adds some oddball charm that also makes it a better film. At one point Hudson refers to him as a caveman; that's an apt description. Finally, there is a character named Claire played to a turn by the terminally cute Ashley Williams. She's fun to watch. All-in-all it's a good movie to take your favorite girl to. By Bruce L. Jones http://webpages.charter.net/bruce.jones1/ helpful•14 11 bjones May 12, 2011 FAQ2 Is this film based on a book? Details Edit Release date May 6, 2011 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Warner Bros. (United States) Language English Also known as Love & Marriage Filming locations Long Island, New York, USA Production companies Alcon Entertainment 2S Films Wild Ocean Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $35,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $39,046,489 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,945,368 May 8, 2011 Gross worldwide $65,100,369 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 52 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Half Brothers Review: Road Trip Dramedy Achieves Heartfelt Reflection, Tonal Turbulence Nov 30The Film Stage Cinedigm Acquires Psychological Thriller ‘100 Days To Live’ For North America; Digital Release Coming Early 2021 Nov 6Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Something Borrowed (2011) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.