Something New (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0437777/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Something New (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Something New 20062006 PG-13PG-13 1h 39m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 13K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 6 Videos 13 Photos ComedyDramaRomance Kenya McQueen, an accountant finds love in the most unexpected place when she agrees to go on a blind date with Brian Kelly, a sexy and free-spirited landscaper.Kenya McQueen, an accountant finds love in the most unexpected place when she agrees to go on a blind date with Brian Kelly, a sexy and free-spirited landscaper.Kenya McQueen, an accountant finds love in the most unexpected place when she agrees to go on a blind date with Brian Kelly, a sexy and free-spirited landscaper. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 13K YOUR RATING Rate Director Sanaa Hamri Writer Kriss Turner Stars Sanaa Lathan Simon Baker Golden Brooks Top credits Director Sanaa Hamri Writer Kriss Turner Stars Sanaa Lathan Simon Baker Golden Brooks See production, box office & company info 150User reviews 78Critic reviews 64Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 10 nominations Videos6 Trailer 2:32 Something New Trailer 2:29 Something New Trailer 2:14 Something New Clip 0:36 Something New Clip 0:30 Something New Clip 0:39 Something New Photos13 Top cast Edit Sanaa Lathan Kenya Denise McQueenas Kenya Denise McQueen Simon Baker Brian Kellyas Brian Kelly Golden Brooks Suzetteas Suzette Fuzzy Fantabulous Selfas Self (voice) Katharine Towne Leah Cahanas Leah Cahan Stanley DeSantis Jack Pinoas Jack Pino K.C. Clyde Waiteras Waiter Wendy Raquel Robinson Cherylas Cheryl Taraji P. Henson Nedraas Nedra Marcus Brown Rashid Mohammedas Rashid Mohammed Russell Hornsby Dr. Brocktonas Dr. Brockton Danny Wooten Starbucks Employeeas Starbucks Employee Mike Epps Walteras Walter Lee Garlington Mrs. Cahanas Mrs. Cahan Tonita Castro Mariaas Maria Matt Malloy Edwinas Edwin David Monahan Bill Lebreeas Bill Lebree Gabriel Tigerman Darrenas Darren Director Sanaa Hamri Writer Kriss Turner All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.6 Secret Men's Business 5.9 Sex and Death 101 6.6 Brown Sugar 5.9 Just Wright 7.2 Love & Basketball 6.8 The Best Man 5.4 Book of Love 6.1 Deliver Us from Eva 7.3 Love from Ground Zero 6.4 Nappily Ever After 4.8 Not Forgotten 7.0 The Wood Storyline Edit Kenya McQueen is a successful African-American CPA, working her way to the top of the corporate ladder -- but her life has become all work and no play. Urged on by her friends to try something new and to let go of her dream of the "ideal black man," she accepts a blind date with an architectural landscaper named Brian, only to cut the date short upon first sight, because Brian is white. The two meet again at a party, and Kenya hires Brian to landscape her new home. Over time, they hit it off, but Kenya's reservations about the acceptance their romance will find among her friends and family threatens everything. An intelligent romantic comedy that chooses to deal with issues of race and perception in a straight-forward way, from a point of view not often seen: that of a successful, upper-class black woman. —jennkepka black woman white man kissblack woman white man relationshipblack woman white maleinterracial kissinterracial love129 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines She had it all under control. Except her heart Genres Comedy Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sexual references Parents guide Add content advisory Did you know Edit Trivia Sanaa Lathan's character, Kenya, is the daughter of Alfre Woodard's character. They share the same relationship in Love & Basketball (2000), and also in The Family That Preys (2008). Goofs When Kenya and Mark are at the driving range she knocks the ball off the tee by accident. But the next shot shows the ball still on the tee. Quotes Brian Kelly: I take it you don't do white guys. Kenya Denise McQueen: I just happen to prefer black men. It's not a prejudice, it's a preference. Brian Kelly: Sure, it's your preference to be prejudice. Connections Featured in MsMojo: Top 10 Intercultural Love Stories in Movies (2016) Soundtracks Quite Simply Written by Chris "TRAXX" Rogers, and CeeLo Green (as Thomas Calloway) Performed by Tori Alamaze featuring CeeLo Green (as Cee-Lo Green) Produced by Chris "TRAXX" Rogers Courtesy of Radiculture Records User reviews150 Review Top review 8/10 This movie was on point Geesehoward, to clarify something in your post: Sanaa's lover did not "assume" that she had a weave. It was after a night of lovemaking that he asked her about it as they lay in bed the next morning. I'm sure he was trying to run his fingers through her hair and found he was unable to. I am a black woman who is married to a white man. I read the interview with Sanaa where she talked about living in Harlem and being terrified of holding his hand because she was afraid of the judgment. I felt as though she was writing my life story. Before we got married, my then boyfriend lived in Soho and I in Harlem. Walking around together in lower Manhattan, we got a few looks, but nothing even remotely close to the venom that was spit at us when we were together up in my neighborhood. People would stop dead in their tracks, hands on hips and say horrible things to us! And this is in the 21st Century! There were times I would actively dissuade my husband from showing me any affection in a Black environment because I didn't want the brothers to take it the wrong way and think it was an overt slap in their face-- you know, white man comes up in to the Black neighborhood to claim the Black woman while the Black man stands idly by. But after a time, I got over it. My man was just trying to love me. He was willing to take all the insults and stand by me and allow me to open myself up and let him in, so to speak. And I am so glad I did. I have been fortunate in having had positive relationships with all of the men I have dated seriously (who btw, were all Black). They all brought something special to the table. My husband just happened to come into my life at the right time when I was opening up to the idea of trying "something new". I have learned a lot from him, but he has also learned a lot from me. I think this movie did SO much in the way of allowing people to get a little more used to the idea that love comes in all shapes sizes and colors, and that it also comes with problems, depending on the type of relationship. Interracial relationships are going to always have family and societal disapproval, but guess what, everyone comes around eventually once they realized that it's not superficial, that there's true, honest love there. This is because people are just people, and if someone takes the time to get to know you, you discover all the things you have in common that have nothing to do with skin color. The moral of this extended post is this: After we had been dating for some time, my husband moved up to Harlem. Before you knew it, he was friends with everybody on the block and knew more people in my neighborhood than I did. That's because people are just afraid of what they don't know. Yes there is a lot of historical baggage attached to race in this country, but we can't keep schleping it around with us all the time, we've got to let it go, let it flow. I encourage all of you to see the movie. It was your typical predictable rom com, yes, where everything works out okay in the end, but it also has a lot to recommend it. I thought it was on point and funny and sad and all that good stuff. Go see it! (Plus it's the first studio film that's written, directed, produced and starred in by Black women!) You go ladies! helpful•206 37 karlenerogers Feb 3, 2006 Details Edit Release date February 3, 2006 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English Spanish Also known as 42.4 Percent Filming locations Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Gramercy Pictures (I) Homegrown Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $11,468,568 Opening weekend US & Canada $5,016,000 Feb 5, 2006 Gross worldwide $11,483,669 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 39 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Something New (2006) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.