Some Like It Hot (1959) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053291/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_136
Some Like It Hot (1959) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Some Like It Hot 19591959 PassedPassed 2h 1m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 256K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,017 507 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:17 1 Video 99+ Photos ComedyMusicRomance After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 256K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,017 507 Director Billy Wilder Writers Billy Wilder(screenplay) I.A.L. Diamond(screenplay) Robert Thoeren(suggested by a story by) Stars Marilyn Monroe Tony Curtis Jack Lemmon Top credits Director Billy Wilder Writers Billy Wilder(screenplay) I.A.L. Diamond(screenplay) Robert Thoeren(suggested by a story by) Stars Marilyn Monroe Tony Curtis Jack Lemmon See production, box office & company info 464User reviews 231Critic reviews 98Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #136 Won 1 Oscar 15 wins & 15 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 2:17 Some Like It Hot Photos256 Top cast Edit Marilyn Monroe Sugar Kane Kowalczykas Sugar Kane Kowalczyk Tony Curtis Joeas Joe… Jack Lemmon Jerryas Jerry… George Raft Spats Colomboas Spats Colombo Pat O'Brien Detective Mulliganas Detective Mulligan Joe E. Brown Osgood Fielding IIIas Osgood Fielding III Nehemiah Persoff Little Bonaparteas Little Bonaparte Joan Shawlee Sweet Sueas Sweet Sue Billy Gray Sig Poliakoffas Sig Poliakoff George E. Stone Toothpick Charlieas Toothpick Charlie Dave Barry Bienstockas Bienstock Mike Mazurki Spats' Henchmanas Spats' Henchman Harry Wilson Spats' Henchmanas Spats' Henchman Beverly Wills Doloresas Dolores Barbara Drew Nellieas Nellie Edward G. Robinson Jr. Johnny Paradiseas Johnny Paradise Sam Bagley Minor Roleas Minor Role (uncredited) Brandon Beach Party Guestas Party Guest (uncredited) Director Billy Wilder Writers Billy Wilder(screenplay) I.A.L. Diamond(screenplay) Robert Thoeren(suggested by a story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 The Apartment 8.3 Singin' in the Rain 8.2 All About Eve 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 7.1 The Seven Year Itch 7.2 Gentlemen Prefer Blondes 8.3 Double Indemnity 8.3 The Sting 8.3 North by Northwest 8.3 To Kill a Mockingbird 8.5 Casablanca 8.3 Vertigo Storyline Edit After two Chicago musicians, Joe and Jerry, witness the the St. Valentine's Day massacre, they want to get out of town and get away from the gangster responsible, Spats Colombo. They're desperate to get a gig out of town but the only job they know of is in an all-girl band heading to Florida. They show up at the train station as Josephine and Daphne, the replacement saxophone and bass players. They certainly enjoy being around the girls, especially Sugar Kane Kowalczyk who sings and plays the ukulele. Joe in particular sets out to woo her while Jerry/Daphne is wooed by a millionaire, Osgood Fielding III. Mayhem ensues as the two men try to keep their true identities hidden and Spats Colombo and his crew show up for a meeting with several other crime lords. —garykmcd sex comedycomedy of errorsdisguiseall girl bandfriendship443 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Not since SCARFACE, so much action. Not since the Marx Brothers, so much comedy. Not since THE SEVEN YEAR ITCH, so much Marilyn. Genres Comedy Music Romance Certificate Passed Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Jack Lemmon wrote that the first sneak preview had a bad reaction with many audience walkouts. Many studio personnel and agents offered advice to Billy Wilder on what scenes to reshoot, add and cut. Lemmon asked Wilder what he was going to do. Wilder responded: "Why, nothing. This is a very funny movie and I believe in it just as it is. Maybe this is the wrong neighborhood in which to have shown it. At any rate, I don't panic over one preview. It's a hell of a movie." Wilder held the next preview in the Westwood section of Los Angeles, and the audience stood up and cheered. Goofs During the opening chase, the police zip by a Chevron gas station. Chevron was known as Standard Oil in 1929. Quotes [last lines] Jerry: Oh no you don't! Osgood, I'm gonna level with you. We can't get married at all. Osgood: Why not? Jerry: Well, in the first place, I'm not a natural blonde. Osgood: Doesn't matter. Jerry: I smoke! I smoke all the time! Osgood: I don't care. Jerry: Well, I have a terrible past. For three years now, I've been living with a saxophone player. Osgood: I forgive you. Jerry: [tragically] I can never have children! Osgood: We can adopt some. Jerry: But you don't understand, Osgood! Ohh... [Jerry finally gives up and pulls off his wig] Jerry: [normal voice] I'm a man! Osgood: [shrugs] Well, nobody's perfect! [Jerry looks on with disbelief as Osgood continues smiling with indifference. Fade out] Alternate versions Video version contains extended exit music after the film. Connections Edited into Vida conyugal sana (1974) Soundtracks Runnin' Wild (1922) (uncredited) Music by A.H. Gibbs Lyrics by Joe Grey and Leo Wood Played during the opening credits Played by the girls on the train and Performed by Marilyn Monroe Performed also a capella by Tony Curtis Gene Cipriano (tenor sax for Tony Curtis) and Al Hendrickson (ukulele for Marilyn Monroe) User reviews464 Review Top review 8/10 In this brilliant comedy, Marilyn was breathtakingly beautiful... Any camera loved Marilyn the best In all her films, Marilyn dominated any photographer not just because of her ability with a script but ceaseless attention to the camera... More than anyone else on the set, she knew the importance of her sex appealThe 'fifties belonged to Marilyn, and in that decade it almost seemed as if the world belonged to her also Sugar is one of Monroe's most loved and memorable character... She presents herself as a sensitive woman quick to feel compassion or affection, sensual and readily impressionable which is Sugar Kane... It was her greatest role and certainly her greatest film... The film opens in 1929 Chicago during Prohibition, where Spats Colombo (George Raft) and his gang gun down seven men in a car garage A couple of small-time Jazz musicians witness it and flee To avoid the mob, Joe (Tony Curtis) and Jerry (Jack Lemmon) disguise themselves as women and attach themselves to an all-girl band Joe calls himself Josephine and Jerry calls himself Daphne The orchestra takes a train to play an engagement in Florida... On board, the two men have a hard time keeping cool with all the beautiful girls around, especially during a late-night pajama party in a Pullman sleeper Needless to say, Joe falls in love with the sensual Sugar (Marilyn Monroe), a luscious ukulele player and singer with the troupe Once in Florida, Jerry meets a really wealthy bachelor Osgood Fielding (Joe E. Brown). Of course, Jerry is still dressed as Daphne, and the seven time divorcée proceeds to pursue Daphne Joe wants to romance Sugar but knows that he needs a wealthy front The boys think they are safe until the gangsters arrive at the same Miami hotel to attend a gangsters' convention Marilyn sang three songs in the film: "I'm Through with Love," "I Wanna Be Loved By You," and "Running Wild." The movie's closing line is one of the most celebrated in movie historyThe film won an Oscar for Best Costume Design and was nominated for six Academy Awards Irresistibly funny this black-and-white shot comedy is a definite must-see! helpful•53 12 Nazi_Fighter_David Jun 27, 2007 FAQ9 What is 'Some Like it Hot' about? Is "Some Like it Hot" based on a book? Where do Joe and Jerry get the clothes, wigs, and makeup to dress up as girls? Details Edit Release date March 19, 1959 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 热情似火 Filming locations Hotel del Coronado - 1500 Orange Avenue, Coronado, California, USA Production companies Ashton Productions The Mirisch Corporation See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,883,848 (estimated) Gross worldwide $195,088 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Color Black and White Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Happy Birthday, Walter Mirisch: Oldest Living Oscar Winner Turns 100 Today; His Films Include ‘West Side Story’, ‘The Apartment’ & ‘In The Heat Of The Night’ Nov 8Deadline Film + TV Madonna Poses Nearly Nude in Photo Shoot Inspired By Marilyn Monroe's Final Days Oct 30E! Online Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Some Like It Hot (1959)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.