Sound of Metal (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5363618/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=869d5256-2a8f-4244-9a2e-8129cc8aa348&pf_rd_r=MG4DGBKDEEBADMKCPJJK&pf_rd_s=center-13&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=awards-central&ref_=fea_acd_ph_lupin_lk2
Sound of Metal (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sound of Metal 20192019 RR 2h IMDb RATING 7.8/10 109K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 899 323 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:41 12 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMusic A heavy-metal drummer's life is thrown into freefall when he begins to lose his hearing.A heavy-metal drummer's life is thrown into freefall when he begins to lose his hearing.A heavy-metal drummer's life is thrown into freefall when he begins to lose his hearing. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 109K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 899 323 Director Darius Marder Writers Darius Marder(screenplay by) Abraham Marder(screenplay by) Derek Cianfrance(story by) Stars Riz Ahmed Olivia Cooke Paul Raci Top credits Director Darius Marder Writers Darius Marder(screenplay by) Abraham Marder(screenplay by) Derek Cianfrance(story by) Stars Riz Ahmed Olivia Cooke Paul Raci See production, box office & company info 562User reviews 266Critic reviews 82Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 2 Oscars 83 wins & 163 nominations total Videos12 Trailer 2:41 Official Trailer Trailer 1:08 Meet the Cast and Crew Trailer 2:41 Sound of Metal Trailer 0:53 Sound of Metal Clip 4:09 Top Multitalents for 2021 Clip 3:05 The 2021 Oscar-Winning Films You Need to Watch Clip 3:48 The Rise of Riz Ahmed Clip 3:16 The Most Anticipated Movies and TV Shows to Stream in December Clip 2:48 Riz Ahmed Details His Intense Preparation for 'Sound of Metal' Clip 1:31 Riz Ahmed Celebrates Marvel's First Deaf Superhero Clip 11:04 'Sound of Metal' Introduced Riz Ahmed to an Inspiring Real-World Community Clip 1:18 Sound of Metal Photos255 Top cast Edit Riz Ahmed Ruben Stoneas Ruben Stone Olivia Cooke Louas Lou Paul Raci Joeas Joe Lauren Ridloff Dianeas Diane Mathieu Amalric Richard Bergeras Richard Berger Domenico Toledo Michaelas Michael Chelsea Lee Jennas Jenn Shaheem Sanchez Shaheemas Shaheem Chris Perfetti Harlanas Harlan Bill Thorpe The Manas The Man Michael Tow Pharmacistas Pharmacist William Xifaras Michael's Fatheras Michael's Father Rena Maliszewski Audiologistas Audiologist Tom Kemp Dr. Paysingeras Dr. Paysinger Elan Sicroff Pianistas Pianist Jeremy Lee Stone ASL Teacheras ASL Teacher (as Jeremy Stone) Ezra Marder ASL Studentas ASL Student Hartmut Teuber Karlas Karl Director Darius Marder Writers Darius Marder(screenplay by) (story by) Abraham Marder(screenplay by) Derek Cianfrance(story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.4 Nomadland 7.5 Judas and the Black Messiah 7.5 Minari 7.8 The Trial of the Chicago 7 7.5 Promising Young Woman 6.9 Ma Rainey's Black Bottom 8.3 The Father 6.9 Mank 7.8 Druk 7.1 One Night in Miami... Watch options 8.1 The Long Goodbye 7.1 Pieces of a Woman Storyline Edit Keeping at bay his inner demons by devoting himself to art, metal drummer, Ruben, has been living for the moment for the past four years. Then, while on tour with his lead-singer/girlfriend, Lou, Ruben realises that his hearing is rapidly deteriorating. As this sudden hearing loss turns his world upside down, and numbing fear paired with angry denial take over, Ruben reluctantly accepts to join a small deaf community overseen by Joe, a compassionate Vietnam War veteran. Now, Ruben needs to find some solid ground, understand that being deaf is not a handicap and that deafness isn't something to fix. But, is Ruben willing to accept his new life and learn how to be deaf? —Nick Riganas musiciandrug addictdeaf communityvietnam war veterancochlear implant188 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Music was his world. Then silence revealed a new one. Genres Drama Music Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language throughout and brief nude images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia While Paul Raci (who plays Joe, the founder of the deaf rehab facility) isn't actually deaf, both his parents were. He is a prominent figure in the deaf community as a CODA (Child of Deaf Adults) and a member of Hands of Doom, a band that performs in ASL. Goofs Ruben gets simultaneous bilateral cochlear implants and is sent on his merry way. In actuality, he would be evaluated for suitability, including his commitment to learning how to process the new sounds. He would be expected to begin the work after activation and he would be informed of the differences between past hearing and the new experience up front. Quotes Ruben: Like, what does it matter? What does it matter? It just passes. Yo. If I disappear, like, who cares? Nobody cares, man. Seriously. Yo, and that's okay. That's life. That's life. No, for real. Okay? It just passes. It just fucking... fucking passes. Joe: I wonder, uh, all these mornings you've been sitting in my study, sitting, have you had any moments of stillness? Because you're right, Ruben. The world does keep moving, and it can be a damn cruel place. But for me, those moments of stillness, that place, that's the kingdom of God. Connections Featured in Chris Stuckmann Movie Reviews: The Best Movies of 2020 (2020) Soundtracks Purify Drums, Guitar & Vocals Performed by Riz Ahmed & Olivia Cooke Music by Margaret Chardiet Written by Olivia Cooke & Margaret Chardiet Drums by Harry Cantwell Produced by Abraham Marder User reviews562 Review Top review 9/10 Riz Ahmed, excellent as always! Riz Ahmed is one of those actors, you simply cannot take your eyes off. It's not solely because of his good looks. He's always intense and, most importantly, he always makes you care about the characters he's portraying. In this case, he portrays a rock drummer who is losing his hearing. As with most of his roles, he more than did his homework. Ahmed moved to Brooklyn for a few months and learned to play drums, he also spent a lot time with people from the deaf community. He showed the same dedication for his Naz Khan role in 'The Night Of', he immersed himself in the character's background. Expect no less from this actor. Having two partially deaf relatives, I could relate to this film. Especially one relative who refused to learn sign language, they would rather read lips. Thinking of my relatives initially denying their hearing loss, this film really hit home. Why are people bringing up Riz being Pakistani? With every role, will he continue to be defined by his background? His character was named Ruben, it's assumed his character was Hispanic. Riz can play other nationalities and ethnic groups beyond his own South Asian background. He can certainly pass for Hispanic, especially in this film. When considering Riz for a role, directors and producers should think outside the box. The ending was extremely effective, but not a surprise at all. Another excellent performance from Riz Ahmed. A few more films like this and he will finally have earned his Oscar. helpful•177 38 emo_ville2002 Jan 31, 2020 FAQ4 Does anyone behind the film, directors or writers, have any personal connections to the deaf community? Details Edit Release date December 4, 2020 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English American Sign Language French Also known as 金属之声 Filming locations Antwerp, Belgium Production companies Caviar Flat 7 Productions Ward Four See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross worldwide $516,520 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Eternals’ Star Lauren Ridloff on Playing Marvel’s First Deaf Superhero and the Need to ‘Normalize Subtitles’ Nov 3Variety Film + TV Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions & Stage 6 Films Expand Ranks – AFM Nov 1Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to Sound of Metal (2019) in France?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.