Space Jam: A New Legacy (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3554046/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Space Jam: A New Legacy (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Space Jam: A New Legacy 20212021 PGPG 1h 55m IMDb RATING 4.4/10 59K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 441 42 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 12 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureComedy A rogue artificial intelligence kidnaps the son of famed basketball player LeBron James, who then has to work with Bugs Bunny to win a basketball game.A rogue artificial intelligence kidnaps the son of famed basketball player LeBron James, who then has to work with Bugs Bunny to win a basketball game.A rogue artificial intelligence kidnaps the son of famed basketball player LeBron James, who then has to work with Bugs Bunny to win a basketball game. IMDb RATING 4.4/10 59K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 441 42 Director Malcolm D. Lee Writers Leo Benvenuti(based on "Space Jam" written by) Steve Rudnick(based on "Space Jam" written by) Timothy Harris(based on "Space Jam" written by) Stars LeBron James Don Cheadle Cedric Joe Top credits Director Malcolm D. Lee Writers Leo Benvenuti(based on "Space Jam" written by) Steve Rudnick(based on "Space Jam" written by) Timothy Harris(based on "Space Jam" written by) Stars LeBron James Don Cheadle Cedric Joe See production, box office & company info 1.8KUser reviews 163Critic reviews 36Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos12 Trailer 2:25 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:38 Official Trailer Trailer 2:45 Space Jam: A New Legacy Trailer 2:31 Space Jam: A New Legacy Trailer 2:45 Space Jam: A New Legacy Trailer 1:01 Space Jam: A New Legacy Clip 3:00 Everything We Know About 'Space Jam: A New Legacy' Clip 2:59 Which 'Space Jam: A New Legacy' Star Challenged LeBron to a Game? Clip 3:03 What to Watch This Summer for the Whole Family Clip 2:55 IMDbrief: Who Owns Jason? LeBron James Eyes 'Friday the 13th' Reboot Promo 1:00 HBO Max 2021 Same Day Premieres, New Originals and More Promo 1:47 HBO Max: Same Day Premieres Trailer Photos341 Top cast Edit LeBron James LeBron Jamesas LeBron James Don Cheadle Al G. Rhythmas Al G. Rhythm Cedric Joe Dom Jamesas Dom James Khris Davis Malikas Malik Sonequa Martin-Green Kamiyah Jamesas Kamiyah James Ceyair J Wright Darius Jamesas Darius James (as Ceyair J. Wright) Harper Leigh Alexander Xosha Jamesas Xosha James Xosha Roquemore Shanice Jamesas Shanice James Stephen Kankole Young LeBron (13 years)as Young LeBron (13 years) Jalyn Hall Young Malik (13 years)as Young Malik (13 years) Wood Harris Coach Cas Coach C Jordan Thomas Young Boyas Young Boy Sue Bird Sue Birdas Sue Bird Anthony Davis Anthony Davisas Anthony Davis Draymond Green Draymond Greenas Draymond Green Damian Lillard Damian Lillardas Damian Lillard Klay Thompson Klay Thompsonas Klay Thompson Nneka Ogwumike Nneka Ogwumikeas Nneka Ogwumike Director Malcolm D. Lee Writers Leo Benvenuti(based on "Space Jam" written by) Steve Rudnick(based on "Space Jam" written by) Timothy Harris(based on "Space Jam" written by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.5 Space Jam 5.7 Looney Tunes: Back in Action 5.3 Tom & Jerry 5.9 The Boss Baby: Family Business 6.2 Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway 7.5 Luca 7.4 Raya and the Last Dragon 7.0 The Croods: A New Age 8.1 Soul 5.7 Scoob! 7.7 The Mitchells vs the Machines 5.4 The Addams Family 2 Storyline Edit A algorithm named Al G Rhythm captures famed basketball player LeBron James and his son Dom. Al G challenges LeBron to a basketball game against Al's digitized champions. LeBron gets the help of Bugs Bunny and the Looney Tunes to win the basketball game and get his son back. cartoon characterlive action and animationreal person becomes animatedbasketball movierabbit516 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines They're all Tuned up for a rematch. Genres Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy Sci-Fi Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for some cartoon violence and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia After the original idea for "Space Jam 2" was canceled, there was an idea for a spy film titled, "Spy Jam" starring Chinese actor Jackie Chan. But he left the project and it evolved into Looney Tunes: Back in Action (2003). Goofs When LeBron and Dom drop into the Warner 3000 Serververse, LeBron asks him if he's okay, and he says, "I'm fine, Dad.", but his lips never move. Quotes Daffy Duck: [from trailer] Sam, shoot the ball! [Yosemite Sam literally shoots the ball with his two guns, then Daffy, who turns his head in the reverse direction] Daffy Duck: Let's try that again, shall we? Crazy credits The closing credits contain photos of the Looney Tunes interacting with the real world. Connections Edited from Casablanca (1942) Soundtracks Ghetto Supastar (That Is What You Are) Written by Wyclef Jean, Pras Michel, Barry Gibb (as Barry Alan Gibb), Robin Gibb (as Robin Hugh Gibb), Maurice Gibb (as Maurice Ernest Gibb), James Brown, Ron Lenhoff (as Ronald Lenhoff), Bobby Byrd, and Ol' Dirty Bastard (as Russell Jones) Performed by Pras Michel (as Pras) feat. Ol' Dirty Bastard and Mya Mya appears courtesy of Interscope Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises Contains a sample of "Get Up, Get into It, Get Involved" Performed by James Brown Courtesy of Republic Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises Courtesy of 20th Century Studios User reviews1.8K Review Top review 4/10 An Airball of a Sequel Let's be honest: the original Space Jam was not a great movie. It holds nostalgia in our eyes because it starred the greatest basketball player of all time next to some of our favorite cartoons. However, the original Space Jam looks like a classic compared to this overly produced mess of a sequel. First off, let's get something straight. LeBron James is an amazing basketball player and he's very popular with young adults. However, he does not have the same aura about him that Michael Jordan did. MJ came at a time when being a celebrity wasn't so ubiquitous like it is now with the Internet and social media. Also, media is so fragmented now that we really don't have those "shared" experiences like we once did. EVERYONE knew MJ and the Chicago Bulls, basketball fans or not. I'm not sure LeBron has that same appeal. Also, even if people didn't like MJ, they respected him. Maybe it's because he gets political, or maybe because he switches teams, I don't know why, but LeBron is much more polarizing. Maybe it's just the cultural climate we live in today, but there are a lot of people who straight up don't like the guy. The second thing is how corporate this movie is. So many product placements and pseudo commercials all over the place. It takes people out of the story and makes it feel like you are just watching endless commercials for 120 minutes. Third, 120 minutes is way too long for families. 90 minutes or less. Kids loss attention after that. So do adults. This movie is fine if you are looking for something to do for 2 hours, but there are better ways to spend that time than watching a lukewarm, unnecessary, over the top commercial showcase designed as a sequel to Space Jam. helpful•104 47 kingbk-2 Jul 16, 2021 FAQ6 Will the Nerdlucks/Monstars and Swackhammer return? Rumor has it that Don Cheadle is playing a villain, is this true? Are the TuneSquad vests getting a redesign? Details Edit Release date July 15, 2021 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Goldstar Movie Official site Language English Also known as 空中大灌篮：新传奇 Filming locations Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Warner Bros. Warner Animation Group Proximity See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $150,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $70,528,072 Opening weekend US & Canada $31,053,362 Jul 18, 2021 Gross worldwide $162,828,072 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 55 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS Datasat Dolby Atmos IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Upcoming Michael B. Jordan Movies To Keep On Your Radar Nov 15Slash Film Hollywood’s Nft Gold Rush: Behind the Hope and Hype Nov 11Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Space Jam: A New Legacy (2021)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.