Spawn (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120177/?ref_=nm_knf_i2
Spawn (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Spawn 19971997 PG-13PG-13 1h 36m IMDb RATING 5.2/10 67K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 853 1,284 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:32 1 Video 99+ Photos ActionDramaHorror An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil.An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil.An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil. IMDb RATING 5.2/10 67K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 853 1,284 Director Mark A.Z. Dippé Writers Todd McFarlane(comic book) Alan B. McElroy(screen story) Mark A.Z. Dippé(screen story) Stars Michael Jai White John Leguizamo Martin Sheen Top credits Director Mark A.Z. Dippé Writers Todd McFarlane(comic book) Alan B. McElroy(screen story) Mark A.Z. Dippé(screen story) Stars Michael Jai White John Leguizamo Martin Sheen See production, box office & company info 250User reviews 95Critic reviews 34Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 6 nominations Videos1 Trailer 0:32 Spawn Photos189 Top cast Edit Michael Jai White Al Simmonsas Al Simmons… John Leguizamo Clownas Clown… Martin Sheen Jason Wynnas Jason Wynn Theresa Randle Wanda Blakeas Wanda Blake Nicol Williamson Cogliostroas Cogliostro D.B. Sweeney Terry Fitzgeraldas Terry Fitzgerald Melinda Clarke Jessica Priestas Jessica Priest Miko Hughes Zackas Zack Sydni Beaudoin Cyanas Cyan Michael Papajohn Glen, Zack's Dadas Glen, Zack's Dad Frank Welker The Devil Malebolgiaas The Devil Malebolgia (voice) Robia Scott XNN Reporteras XNN Reporter (as Robia La Morte) John Cothran African Liaisonas African Liaison (as John Cothran Jr.) Caroline Gibson News Anchoras News Anchor Marc Robinson Punk #1as Punk #1 Chris Coppola Punk #2as Punk #2 Tony Haney African Liaisonas African Liaison Darryl Warren Security Guardas Security Guard Director Mark A.Z. Dippé Writers Todd McFarlane(comic book) Alan B. McElroy(screen story) (screenplay) Mark A.Z. Dippé(screen story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Spawn Spawn 5.0 The Pest 8.5 Todd McFarlane's Spawn 8.4 Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2 8.2 Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle 5.8 Mortal Kombat 5.6 Judge Dredd 5.6 Thir13en Ghosts 6.1 The Shadow 3.7 Mortal Kombat: Annihilation 7.6 The Crow Storyline Edit An assassin named Al Simmons is double-crossed and murdered by his evil boss Jason Wynn. Al makes a deal with the devil and returns to earth as Spawn to see his wife. He is ordered by the devil's minion, The Clown, to kill Wynn. Wynn has made a deal with the Clown too and is supposed to destroy the world with a deadly virus that will help start Armageddon and allow Hell to attack Heaven. Spawn must choose between Good and Evil. —Keith Haney <kbhaney@inconnect.com> image comicsbased on comic bookchild gaggeddevilhell150 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Born in darkness. Sworn to justice. Genres Action Drama Horror Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for thematic elements involving the demonic underworld, violence, intense fantasy action and crude humor Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Martin Sheen did this film because he'd always wanted to be in a comic book movie. Goofs After Priest shoots Spawn at the party, he runs down a corridor and into the kitchen, stumbling onto the ground as his wounds healed. When he lands on the ground, sneaker bottoms can be seen sticking a good two inches out of the bottom of Spawn's feet Quotes Clown: I'm gonna cut you into 50 pieces and mail you to every state. Crazy credits During the credits, at several points, there is a single frame inserted of a blurred, overexposed figure Alternate versions A R-rated Director's Cut has been released for VHS, DVD, and laserdisc. It includes scenes that had to be cut for a PG-13. The film has a couple of new violent scenes. At the end of the film is a 30-minute interview with the creator Todd McFarlane and a Behind the Scenes of Spawn show that was first aired on the Sci-Fi Network. Connections Featured in The Making of 'Spawn' (1997) Soundtracks Satan Written by Paul Hartnoll (as P) and Phil Hartnoll (as P Hartnoll) Performed by Orbital with Kirk Hammett Produced by Paul Hartnoll (as P) and Phil Hartnoll (as P Hartnoll) Orbital appears courtesy of London Records Kirk Hammett appears courtesy of E/M Ventures User reviews250 Review Top review 5/10 "Spawn"-lite "Spawn" is a special effects spectacle unlike anything before it. It has some dazzling CGI effects to complement its dark tone and breathe life into the Gothic fantasy, and wondrous cinematography to carry it out. Unfortunately, that's all it has to offer, which is a real shame, because this had the potential to be one hell (pun intended) of a movie. As a reader of "Spawn" comics and collector of "Spawn" merchandise (and affiliated McFarlane Toys products), I saw at an early age how "Spawn" revolutionized the comics industry with its mystical premise, graphic visuals, Heaven vs. Hell battle theme and gratuitous sex and violence, and while such gusto has been embraced by fans, this 1997 film adaptation of Todd McFarlane's popular underground comic, directed by Mark A.Z. Dippe', is rated "PG-13" (subsequent home video versions were of the "R"-rated director's cut, which contained additional footage), the watered-down violence more cartoonish than graphic. In short, in the comic book world, Spawn is not like anything else out there. The story is that the demon Malebolgia needs fresh souls for his ever-growing army of undead soldiers to lead an eventual conquest of Earth, and then, Heaven, in what will eventually bring about Armageddon. All Malebolgia needs is a general for his army, and, Holy Lazarus, recently deceased CIA operative Al Simmons (newcomer Michael Jai White) has just the extra-crispy corpse for the job. See, Simmons was set up by his insane former employer Jason Wynn (Martin Sheen) after making a bargain with Malebolgia's go-to guy and Earthbound lieutenant, the pudgy, disgusting Clown (John Leguizamo, completely unrecognizable in his get-up), to kill Simmons so that he would be sent to Hell. While in Hell (which looks like a CGI version of a Marilyn Manson concert on steroids), Simmons makes a deal with Malebolgia to lead his army, in exchange for one last chance to see his wife Wanda Blake (Theresa Randle), who is now married to his best friend Terry Fitzgerald (D.B. Sweeney) and together the two now have a young daughter named Cyan (Sydni Beaudoin). Back on Earth and unaware that five years have passed, Simmons has a burnt-to-a-crisp visage that doesn't sit well with people not accustomed to undead soldiers from Hell. He establishes sympathetic links with the homeless denizens of alley Rat City, chiefly young Zack (Miko Hughes), and is watched over by the Godsend Cogliostro (Nicol Williamson). When Simmons's body comes out of its larval stage and transforms him into a "Hellspawn," a being with an endoplasmic and invincible suit of armor, he sees his chance to use these new powers to exact vengeance on Wynn, his lethal vixen Jessica Priest (Melinda Clarke), reunite with Wanda, and seek a way to break out of his agreement with Hell. As stated earlier, "Spawn" is one hell of a special effects spectacle, and it looks great, but a lot goes wrong in too many places. I was dazzled to see one of my favorite superheroes on the screen nearly 10 years ago as an impressionable pre-teen. Now at 21, I am sorely disappointed by what I see today. "Spawn" still could have been good, even without with the full-on graphic content and Heaven & Hell mysticism of the source material. While a largely accurate reflection of the comics, it still gives more credence to my assertion that this is "Spawn"-lite. Presumably, studio bosses weren't keen on marketing a Hellbound superhero to the masses, so measures were probably taken to make the vehicle more accessible. (Take my advice and stick to the animated HBO miniseries.) On the plus side, Michael Jai White makes an efficient hero and this remains the actor's most well-known part. We do feel his pain (even if it seems forced at times), his quips, and overall faithful portrayal of the character. Sheen makes for a coolly sadistic madman but it's Leguizamo who steals the show. His gross-out-humor, maggot-munching portrayal of the Clown is just what takes this movie out of the dregs and into full-blown camp territory. Lastly, the soundtrack, a mix of heavy metal and techno, does have some pretty wicked sounds. It's easy to see that only core fans will want to stick with this picture. It had such a great chance to be something unlike anything else out there. With the comic book craze still in full swing in Hollywood, "Spawn" seems forgotten, or at the very least, sitting on the sidelines. But "Spawn," to me, seems to be an example of mis-marketing, a brilliant idea gone haywire. Maybe it should have stayed in Hell, where it belongs. 5/10 helpful•14 14 dee.reid Dec 14, 2006 FAQ1 What are the differences between the Theatrical Version and the Director's Cut? Details Edit Release date August 1, 1997 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Kẻ Bán Linh Hồn Cho Địa Ngục Filming locations Hollywood Center Studios - 1040 N. Las Palmas Avenue, Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies McFarlane Films New Line Cinema Pull Down Your Pants Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $54,870,175 Opening weekend US & Canada $19,738,749 Aug 3, 1997 Gross worldwide $87,840,042 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 36 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Exclusive: Steve Niles’ Criminal MacAbre is Back and Bloodier Than Ever in “Spirit Of The Demon” Nov 3DailyDead Is Todd McFarlane Gearing Up For A Spawn Cinematic Universe? Nov 3Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Spawn (1997) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.