Spectre (2015) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2379713?ref_=rlm
Spectre (2015) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Spectre 20152015 PG-13PG-13 2h 28m IMDb RATING 6.8/10 416K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 43 82 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:10 41 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller A cryptic message from James Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover the existence of a sinister organisation named SPECTRE. With a new threat dawning, Bond learns the terrible truth abo... Read allA cryptic message from James Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover the existence of a sinister organisation named SPECTRE. With a new threat dawning, Bond learns the terrible truth about the author of all his pain in his most recent missions.A cryptic message from James Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover the existence of a sinister organisation named SPECTRE. With a new threat dawning, Bond learns the terrible truth about the author of all his pain in his most recent missions. IMDb RATING 6.8/10 416K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 43 82 Director Sam Mendes Writers John Logan(screenplay by) Neal Purvis(screenplay by) Robert Wade(screenplay by) Stars Daniel Craig Christoph Waltz Léa Seydoux Top credits Director Sam Mendes Writers John Logan(screenplay by) Neal Purvis(screenplay by) Robert Wade(screenplay by) Stars Daniel Craig Christoph Waltz Léa Seydoux See production, box office & company info 1.2KUser reviews 463Critic reviews 60Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 8 wins & 37 nominations total Videos41 Trailer 1:10 Final International Trailer Trailer 2:39 Trailer #2 Trailer 1:45 Teaser Trailer Clip 1:59 A Guide to the Films of Sam Mendes Clip 6:36 These Bond Women Are Changing the Spy Game Clip 3:39 Bond 25 Returns to 007's Origins Clip 2:19 'Bond 25,' MCU-TV, and More News of the Week Clip 0:33 Train Fight Clip 0:28 Villa Clip 0:16 Priesthood Clip 0:27 Palazzo Exit Clip 0:34 Control Photos438 Top cast Edit Daniel Craig James Bondas James Bond Christoph Waltz Blofeldas Blofeld Léa Seydoux Madeleineas Madeleine Ralph Fiennes Mas M Monica Bellucci Luciaas Lucia Ben Whishaw Qas Q Naomie Harris Moneypennyas Moneypenny Dave Bautista Hinxas Hinx Andrew Scott Cas C Rory Kinnear Tanneras Tanner Jesper Christensen Mr. Whiteas Mr. White Alessandro Cremona Marco Sciarraas Marco Sciarra Stephanie Sigman Estrellaas Estrella Tenoch Huerta Mexican Man in Liftas Mexican Man in Lift Adriana Paz Mexican Woman in Liftas Mexican Woman in Lift Domenico Fortunato Galloas Gallo Marco Zingaro Gallo's Accompliceas Gallo's Accomplice Stefano Elfi DiClaudia Gallo's Accompliceas Gallo's Accomplice (as Stefano Elfi-DiClaudia) Director Sam Mendes Writers John Logan(screenplay by) (story by) Neal Purvis(screenplay by) (story by) Robert Wade(screenplay by) (story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Recapping Daniel Craig's James Bond Films Daniel Craig is back as MI6 super-spy James Bond in No Time to Die. IMDb Cheat Sheet recaps the films of the Daniel Craig era of the 007 franchise from Casino Royale to the greatly anticipated No Time to Die.Watch the interview 7:46 More like this 7.8 Skyfall 6.6 Quantum of Solace 8.0 Casino Royale 7.5 No Time to Die 7.2 GoldenEye 6.1 Die Another Day 6.4 The World Is Not Enough 6.5 Tomorrow Never Dies 7.7 Goldfinger 7.2 Dr. No 7.4 From Russia with Love 7.0 Thunderball Storyline Edit A cryptic message from the past sends James Bond (Daniel Craig) on a rogue mission to Mexico City and eventually Rome, where he meets Lucia Sciarra (Monica Belluci), the beautiful and forbidden widow of an infamous criminal. Bond infiltrates a secret meeting and uncovers the existence of the sinister organisation known as S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Meanwhile, back in London, Max Denbigh (Andrew Scott), the new head of the Centre of National Security, questions Bond's actions and challenges the relevance of MI6, led by M (Ralph Fiennes). Bond covertly enlists Miss Eve Moneypenny (Naomie Harris) and Q (Ben Whishaw) to help him seek out Dr. Madeleine Swann (Léa Seydoux), the daughter of his old nemesis Mr. White (Jesper Christensen), who may hold the clue to untangling the web of S.P.E.C.T.R.E. As the daughter of the assassin, she understands Bond in a way most others cannot. As Bond ventures towards the heart of S.P.E.C.T.R.E., he learns a chilling connection between him and the enemy he seeks. spyboat chasesahara desertsecret societykidnapping559 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The dead are alive Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of action and violence, some disturbing images, sensuality and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Daniel Craig said that it was getting harder and harder to get fit for his shirtless scenes as James Bond at the age of 47, saying, "Am I getting my kit off in this movie? Of course I'm getting my kit off. I seem to be bare-chested throughout this film again. Yes, I've been working out for six months. I work myself to death to get fit. No secret method involved, just sheer hard graft. It's getting harder I will admit, but such is life. I'll keep going as long as I'm physically able." Goofs Lesioning the fusiform gyrus could result in face blindness, but the drill that Blofeld uses goes nowhere near the gyrus - it in fact drills through the mandible and would've entered Bond's mouth. At best doing nothing, at worst giving bond a wicked bad sinusitis or meningitis. Quotes Mr. White: You're a kite dancing in a hurricane, Mr Bond. Crazy credits The gunbarrel sequence has returned to the start of the movie. Alternate versions In August 2015, Columbia submitted the film to the BBFC in the UK for advice on whether the film would receive a 12A rating upon a formal submission. The BBFC informed the filmmakers that cuts would be required in two scenes before a 12A rating, instead of an uncut 15, could be obtained. These were made prior to formal submission and it was duly passed at 12A with no further changes. Reductions to "strong bloody (injury) detail" were made in the following two scenes: The eye gouging now only shows an establishing shot of the thumbs being inserted, then cuts to a counter-shot from behind the victim's head when the slightly bloody thumbs emerge. The uncut version showed this all from the front, including the aftermath. The suicide now takes place off-screen and with reduced detail. The uncut version showed the man putting the gun under his chin and firing with a spray of bloody mist, and two subsequent shots showed brain tissue hanging down from the back of his head.These cuts persist in all worldwide versions of the film. Connections Edited into Omega 'Spectre' Television Commercial (2015) Soundtracks Writing's on the Wall Music by Sam Smith Lyrics by Jimmy Napes Performed by Sam Smith User reviews1.2K Review Top review 7/10 With occasions of triteness, Spectre is satisfactory but not stupendous like Casino Royale Resuming where Skyfall left off, Spectre points James Bond on a quest to discover and unearth truths behind the sinister organization responsible. The 00 organization is under duress as the Centre of National Security attempts to take over control of all clandestine undertakings in the protection of the nation. Bond is on his own and off grid as he follows Spectre across the globe, with one mission in mind, to terminate it at the source. Much has changed for Bond since his first mission in Montenegro where he fell for the beautiful Vesper Lynd. On guard, 007's seductive charisma is set aside as he fervently pursues vengeance for M and truth for himself. Daniel Craig has been James Bond for close to ten years now, a near unbelievable fact until you go back and realize the first film, Casino Royale, was released in 2006. Opening with a strong action sequence set during the Day of the Dead festivities in Mexico City, Spectre starts promisingly intense. Set in exotic locations with transcendentally tactile productions, Spectre satiates the audience's wanderlust craving. Something happens once Sam Smith's "Writings on the Wall" concludes, and the dark gritty James Bond we've grown to be enamored with takes several steps back toward the triteness of the 90s. It was always going to be difficult for director Sam Mendes to supersede expectations set from the wildly successful Skyfall. The narrative had taken a complicated turn with deceit and bloodshed interwoven with treachery and malice. Mendes had teased us with a captivating scene set in a wintry tundra where a cloaked man compared Bond to a 'kite dancing in a hurricane'. It was enigmatic but furtively beguiling. Desperately longing for Spectre to capture this essence for the totality of its duration, it fails to meet expectations. There is something intangibly weary about Spectre as a whole. The amorous allure inherently exuding from Bond is overdone and forced, injected into the plot to satisfy token assumptions. His unflinching execution of his license to kill has softened, leaving Bond to feel less like 007 and more like IMF agent Ethan Hunt who participates in a similar journey this year. Do not mistake these criticisms of Spectre as a conclusion for it being substandard. The hand-to-hand fight sequences are marvelously intense and brutal, especially those against Dave Bautista. The narrative plots across Mexico, Rome, Austria and Morocco and does so without sacrificing the story too much. It just ends up feeling drawn out, as if it were going through the motions. Spectre is vastly superior to the Pierce Brosnan 007 films, it is just in comparison to its peers that it fails to measure up and is more akin to them than the Craig films we've grown to love. With rare occasions of cheesiness that make you more laughably amused (especially at the senseless love scenes) than suspensefully entertained, we can only hope for a sensational Bond 25. 6.5/10 Please check out our website for full reviews of all the recent releases. helpful•70 67 ArchonCinemaReviews Nov 7, 2015 Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating Top 10 James Bond Films by IMDb User Rating No Time to Die marks Daniel Craig's final outing in the James Bond franchise. See which 007 films have received the highest ratings from IMDb users.See the list List FAQ16 Why do they insist on calling Max Denbigh "C"? What does SPECTRE mean? What does "The dead are alive" mean at the beginning of the film? Details Edit Release date November 13, 2015 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Austria Mexico Italy Morocco Official sites 007 (United States) MGM (United States) Languages English Spanish Italian German French Also known as Bond 24 Filming locations Rome, Lazio, Italy Production companies B24 Columbia Pictures Danjaq See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $245,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $200,074,609 Opening weekend US & Canada $70,403,148 Nov 8, 2015 Gross worldwide $880,681,519 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 28 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Bo Report: ‘No Time To Die’ records highest opening weekend of pandemic-era Nov 15IF.com.au ‘No Time To Die’ Crosses $700M Global, Becomes Biggest Hollywood Pic Of Pandemic Overseas; ‘Eternals’ Assembles $281M WW Through Second Session – International Box Office Nov 14Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.