Spider-Man (2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0145487?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=8e65ff90-3987-46a6-9b46-da7ab4040279&pf_rd_r=BNTB33X6TAS8JN5BF1CM&pf_rd_s=center-14&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=starmeterawards&ref_=fea_sma_sma_stan_lk2
Spider-Man (2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Spider-Man 20022002 PG-13PG-13 2h 1m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 732K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 148 99 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:19 11 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi When bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy... Read allWhen bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family.When bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 732K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 148 99 Director Sam Raimi Writers Stan Lee(Marvel comic book) Steve Ditko(Marvel comic book) David Koepp(screenplay) Stars Tobey Maguire Kirsten Dunst Willem Dafoe Top credits Director Sam Raimi Writers Stan Lee(Marvel comic book) Steve Ditko(Marvel comic book) David Koepp(screenplay) Stars Tobey Maguire Kirsten Dunst Willem Dafoe See production, box office & company info 2.2KUser reviews 334Critic reviews 73Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 2 Oscars 16 wins & 63 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 1:19 Spider-Man Trailer 2:32 Spider-Man Trailer 0:17 Marvel's Spider-Man Clip 3:34 Everything We Know About 'Spider-Man: No Way Home' Clip 2:44 Who Could Replace Spider-Man in the MCU? Clip 4:07 'Endgame' Is Only the Beginning for 'Spider-Man' Video 1:02 We Are Spider-Man Video 4:31 Who Was Almost Cast in the Spider-Man Films? Video 4:59 By the Numbers: Spider-Man Video 3:14 Venom: Sequel, Reboot or Spin-Off? Video 3:44 The Evolution of Nerds Photos316 Top cast Edit Tobey Maguire Spider-Manas Spider-Man… Kirsten Dunst Mary Jane Watsonas Mary Jane Watson Willem Dafoe Green Goblinas Green Goblin… James Franco Harry Osbornas Harry Osborn Cliff Robertson Ben Parkeras Ben Parker Rosemary Harris May Parkeras May Parker J.K. Simmons J. Jonah Jamesonas J. Jonah Jameson Joe Manganiello Flash Thompsonas Flash Thompson Gerry Becker Maximilian Fargasas Maximilian Fargas Bill Nunn Joseph 'Robbie' Robertsonas Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson Jack Betts Henry Balkanas Henry Balkan Stanley Anderson General Slocumas General Slocum Ron Perkins Dr. Mendell Strommas Dr. Mendell Stromm Michael Papajohn Carjackeras Carjacker K.K. Dodds Simkinsas Simkins Ted Raimi Hoffmanas Hoffman Bruce Campbell Ring Announceras Ring Announcer Elizabeth Banks Betty Brantas Betty Brant Director Sam Raimi Writers Stan Lee(Marvel comic book) Steve Ditko(Marvel comic book) David Koepp(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Which Actors Almost Played Spider-Man? Which Actors Almost Played Spider-Man? Spider-Man has been one of the biggest superhero franchises to hit the big screen in the past two decades. Who was almost cast in the three different iterations of the superhero tale?Find out who 4:31 More like this 7.3 Spider-Man 2 6.2 Spider-Man 3 6.9 The Amazing Spider-Man 6.5 The Amazing Spider-Man 2 7.4 Spider-Man: Homecoming 7.4 Spider-Man: Far from Home 7.9 Iron Man 7.1 Iron Man Three 7.0 Iron Man 2 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 8.0 The Avengers 6.9 Captain America: The First Avenger Storyline Edit Based on Marvel Comics' superhero character, this is a story of Peter Parker who is a nerdy high-schooler. He was orphaned as a child, bullied by jocks, and can't confess his crush for his stunning neighborhood girl Mary Jane Watson. To say his life is "miserable" is an understatement. But one day while on an excursion to a laboratory a runaway radioactive spider bites him... and his life changes in a way no one could have imagined. Peter acquires a muscle-bound physique, clear vision, ability to cling to surfaces and crawl over walls, shooting webs from his wrist ... but the fun isn't going to last. An eccentric millionaire Norman Osborn administers a performance enhancing drug on himself and his maniacal alter ego Green Goblin emerges. Now Peter Parker has to become Spider-Man and take Green Goblin to the task... or else Goblin will kill him. They come face to face and the war begins in which only one of them will survive at the end. —Soumitra superheromay parker characterpeter parker characterben parker characterspiderweb391 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines With great power comes great responsibility. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for stylized violence and action Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Willem Dafoe performed 90% of his own stunts. Goofs In several scenes newspapers are shown which contain a few words repeated over and over, instead of actual text. This is probably deliberate, as Spider-Man comic books often have images like this. Quotes [last lines] Peter Parker: [voiceover] Whatever life holds in store for me, I will never forget these words: "With great power comes great responsibility." This is my gift, my curse. Who am I? I'm Spider-man. Crazy credits At the end of the closing credits the theme song from Spider-Man (1967) is played. Alternate versions In the version that showed on Cartoon Network, there were many cuts for time, violence, and swearing. All uses of ass, hell, and damn were scrubbed from the movie (i.e. Goblin says "we're gonna have [an interesting] time" as opposed to a "hell of a time"). References to religion were also trimmed. There is also an alternate angle of Norman getting impaled that is less violent. Connections Edited from Frogs (1972) Soundtracks When It Started Written by Julian Casablancas Performed by The Strokes Courtesy of The RCA Records Label, a unit of BMG Music and Rough Trade Records Ltd. (UK and Eire) Under license from BMG Special Products User reviews2.2K Review Top review 9/10 Spider-Man (2002) - With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility! Considered as one of the most successful superhero movies ever made, "Spider-Man" is a superhero film adaptation of one of Stan Lee's most popular Marvel comics, and becoming one of the first movies to score the highest opening weekend in the box office. There's no wonder, because this is an exciting and enjoyable motion picture. One of my childhood favorites, to be exact! This movie tells the origin story of Peter Parker, or Spider-Man, portrayed by Tobey Maguire, whom after being bit by a radioactive spider, he has gained extraordinary powers to climb walls, shoot web, and beat bad guys. But all that must be put to the test when Parker has to defeat one of the first villains of the Spider-Man universe, the Green Goblin, portrayed by Willem Dafoe. Although Maguire is somewhat bland in a few of his movies, I respected that he fit the role of Peter Parker perfectly, playing a shy kid, with no powers to either beat the bad guy or win the girl. Although given some of the corniest lines of dialouge in this movie, Kirsten Dunst makes an adorable portrayal as Mary Jane Watson, while giving a great chemistry with her co-star. But, Willem Dafoe seems a little miscast playing the deadly Green Goblin, feeling more like he's suitable for drama, instead of action. Rosemary Harris, James Franco, Cliff Robertson, and J.K. Simmons, round up the supporting cast, bringing some memorable performances on-screen, especially Simmons, who steals every scene he's in as J. Jonah Jameson, the angry editor chief of the Daily Bugle. There are few corny and goofy moments from here and there, but that doesn't stop the exciting momentum that this movie brings. Filled with impressive visual effects and a wonderful music score by Danny Elfman, director Sam Raimi perfectly stays true to the original Spider-Man concept, and delivers plenty of exciting action sequences that are both fun to watch, and stay true to the plot. Behind "The Dark Knight" and "The Avengers", "Spider-Man" is probably my third favorite superhero movie. I can watch this movie over and over again, and it's still a fun time. I was easily impressed with this movie, and it never disappoints to entertain. Everyone will find something to enjoy for sure. "Spider-Man", in my review, "a refreshing story, and exciting action". helpful•66 11 nickmesafilms May 19, 2012 FAQ6 Which characters were adapted from the Spider-Man comic books? Does Eddie Brock appear in this film? Is there any precedent for the upside-down kiss? Details Edit Release date August 7, 2002 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Sony Pictures (United States) Language English Also known as Spider-Man: The Motion Picture Filming locations Queensboro Bridge, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Marvel Enterprises Laura Ziskin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $139,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $407,022,860 Opening weekend US & Canada $114,844,116 May 5, 2002 Gross worldwide $825,025,036 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ Trailer Reveals Villainous Multiverse as Tom Holland Teases ‘That Is the Tip of the Iceberg’ Nov 17Variety Film + TV ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ New Trailer: Tom Holland Battles Doc Ock, Green Goblin, and Electro Nov 17Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.