Spider-Man 3 (2007) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0413300/
Spider-Man 3 (2007) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Spider-Man 3 20072007 PG-13PG-13 2h 19m IMDb RATING 6.2/10 530K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 341 246 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:38 17 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi A strange black entity from another world bonds with Peter Parker and causes inner turmoil as he contends with new villains, temptations, and revenge.A strange black entity from another world bonds with Peter Parker and causes inner turmoil as he contends with new villains, temptations, and revenge.A strange black entity from another world bonds with Peter Parker and causes inner turmoil as he contends with new villains, temptations, and revenge. IMDb RATING 6.2/10 530K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 341 246 Director Sam Raimi Writers Sam Raimi(screenplay) Ivan Raimi(screenplay) Alvin Sargent(screenplay) Stars Tobey Maguire Kirsten Dunst Topher Grace Top credits Director Sam Raimi Writers Sam Raimi(screenplay) Ivan Raimi(screenplay) Alvin Sargent(screenplay) Stars Tobey Maguire Kirsten Dunst Topher Grace See production, box office & company info 2.1KUser reviews 426Critic reviews 59Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 44 nominations total Videos17 Trailer 1:35 Borderlands 3 Trailer 1:35 Borderlands 3 Trailer 1:38 Spider-Man 3 Trailer 3:03 Spider-Man 3 Clip 1:31 Spider-Man 3 Clip 1:17 Spider-Man 3 Clip 1:14 Spider-Man 3 Interview 0:41 Spider-Man 3 Interview 0:32 Spider-Man 3 Interview 0:41 Spider-Man 3 Interview 0:21 Spider-Man 3 Interview 0:43 Spider-Man 3 Photos409 Top cast Edit Tobey Maguire Spider-Manas Spider-Man… Kirsten Dunst Mary Jane Watsonas Mary Jane Watson Topher Grace Venomas Venom… Thomas Haden Church Sandmanas Sandman… James Franco New Goblinas New Goblin… Bryce Dallas Howard Gwen Stacyas Gwen Stacy Rosemary Harris May Parkeras May Parker J.K. Simmons J. Jonah Jamesonas J. Jonah Jameson James Cromwell Captain Stacyas Captain Stacy Theresa Russell Emma Markoas Emma Marko Dylan Baker Dr. Curt Connorsas Dr. Curt Connors Bill Nunn Joseph 'Robbie' Robertsonas Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson Bruce Campbell Maître d'as Maître d' Elizabeth Banks Miss Brantas Miss Brant Ted Raimi Hoffmanas Hoffman Perla Haney-Jardine Penny Markoas Penny Marko Willem Dafoe Green Goblinas Green Goblin… Cliff Robertson Ben Parkeras Ben Parker Director Sam Raimi Writers Sam Raimi(screenplay) (screen story) Ivan Raimi(screenplay) (screen story) Alvin Sargent(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Which Actors Almost Played Spider-Man? Which Actors Almost Played Spider-Man? Spider-Man has been one of the biggest superhero franchises to hit the big screen in the past two decades. Who was almost cast in the three different iterations of the superhero tale?Find out who 4:31 More like this 7.3 Spider-Man 2 7.3 Spider-Man 6.9 The Amazing Spider-Man 6.5 The Amazing Spider-Man 2 7.4 Spider-Man: Homecoming 7.4 Spider-Man: Far from Home 7.1 Iron Man Three 7.0 Iron Man 2 7.9 Iron Man 6.9 Captain America: The First Avenger 6.6 The Incredible Hulk 7.4 X-Men Storyline Edit Peter Parker has finally managed to piece together the once-broken parts of his life, maintaining a balance between his relationship with Mary-Jane and his responsibility as Spider-Man. But more challenges arise for our young hero. Peter's old friend Harry Obsourne has set out for revenge against Peter; taking up the mantle of his late father's persona as The New Goblin, and Peter must also capture Uncle Ben's real killer, Flint Marko, who has been transformed into his toughest foe yet, the Sandman. All hope seems lost when suddenly Peter's suit turns jet-black and greatly amplifies his powers. But it also begins to greatly amplify the much darker qualities of Peter's personality that he begins to lose himself to. Peter has to reach deep inside himself to free the compassionate hero he used to be if he is to ever conquer the darkness within and face not only his greatest enemies, but also...himself. —Dark-Spidey villainpeter parker characteralien parasitealien symbiotecoffeeshop502 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Next summer, the greatest battle lies... within. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of intense action violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia (at around 1h 8 mins) On May 4th, 2007, while promoting the film on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno (1992), Thomas Haden Church revealed that he broke three knuckles during the subway scene where he swings to punch Spider-Man and ends up punching a chunk of the wall away. Church said that the effects crew had told him that the brick in the middle was fake while the upper and lower ones were real. Unfortunately, the foam brick had not actually been put in place yet, and when Sam Raimi yelled 'action', Church spun around and punched the real brick on the first take. Goofs Whenever Spider-Man removes his mask, his costume (both red and black versions) has a turtleneck collar that goes up to the middle of his neck. Whenever his costume is shown underneath his clothes, the collar is much lower. Quotes [last lines] Peter Parker: Whatever comes our way, whatever battle we have raging inside us, we always have a choice. My friend Harry taught me that. He chose to be the best of himself. It's the choices that make us who we are, and we can always choose to do what's right. Crazy credits The opening credits appear stuck on a series of webs, which display scenes of events of the previous two films. The symbiote crawls around briefly during part of the opening credits. Alternate versions In 2017, in anticipation for Spider-Man: Homecoming, Sony released an "Editor's Cut" of Spider-Man 3. This cut mostly utilizes an unused score, alternate edits of scenes, a restructured story, and scenes both added and removed throughout. With all of these changes, this version runs 2 minutes shorter than the theatrical version. Connections Edited from Spider-Man (2002) Soundtracks Opening Montage Written by Christopher Young, Danny Elfman and Deborah Lurie User reviews2.1K Review Top review 5/10 I'm so sorry, Spidey... As I was walking down the stairs and out of the theater, I was trying as hard as I could to pull a smile out of my face. My friends tensely asked if I liked it, I said "Yes, of course!!" They nodded weakly in response. On the way home, I kept thinking to myself. "You liked it! C'mon! It's Spiderman!" Now, it's two days later, the euphoria of waiting for Spidey to come out has subsided, and I've begun to look at this flick a bit more (shall I say it?) critically. It's plain to see that Sam Raimi is a fantastic director. He knows when to do what and realizes that he is making a superhero movie, which is why the Spider-man movies have done so well. It's not like the recent Batman and Superman who try to hide the fact that they're just fun superhero films. Raimi knows his material and embraces it. The effects were astounding as usual. Spiderman's one-on-one fight with the Sandman and the crane scene being the major highlights. I thought these features would outbalance the weaker spots of the film, but unfortunately they did not. As far as acting goes, I'm surprised to say that Topher Grace stole the show. I remember how outraged everyone was when he was chosen, but obviously someone knew what they were doing when they let him on as Venom. James Franco and Kirsten Dunst played their usual selves (I can't help but think of Dunst dreaming of getting back to work with Sofia Coppola while doing these films). However, Tobey Maguire REALLY disappointed me. I've always thought he was so great at Spidey, which is undeniable in the first two films and even in this one...when he has his red suit on. Maguire is a one note actor, at least as far as Spidey goes. He just could not pull off the black suit; he wasn't good at being bad. Then came the horrific bridge scene with MJ. Along with most other people I've talked to, my entire theater erupted in laughter when he started crying. It was just...sad...and not in the way the writers intended it. Speaking of the writing, I hate to be beating a dead horse, but c'mon: 3 villains, Sandman's background, trouble with MJ, Harry's changing attitudes, 2 different Spidermans, competition at the Bugle, Gwen Stacy, etc. It was just WAY TOO MUCH! Even if you had four hours, it's just too much to cram into the audience in one sitting. The great thing about Spiderman 2 (the best of the trilogy) is how focused it was. You had the inner struggle, the villain and his relationship with MJ. There it was! Beautifully filmed and written. From the first 15 minutes of Spiderman 3, I knew that all these parallel story lines were going to crash within the next two hours. The sequence that shows how far they've fallen from part two is the whole emo/hair in the eyes/eyeliner/oh so cool "bad" Spiderman scenes. The first few minutes of this was funny in the same way that the "Raindrops are Falling on my Head" scene in part two was great, but this time they stretched a good thing way too far. This whole sequence is what sticks in my mind and refuses to let me think that the film was just as great as the rest. I tried to like it! I really did! I just can't fool myself any longer. Some critics like Peter Travers for Rolling Stone are saying that we can let this one slide because it's Spiderman, but I couldn't disagree more. Spiderman 3 missed the mark and, deep down inside, we all know it. helpful•1K 462 streetcar1951 May 6, 2007 FAQ15 Does Flash Thompson actually appear in this movie? How is it that Peter was struggling to rip the black suit off at the church bell tower after he could easily take it off at his apartment? How did Eddie Brock know about Sandman's daughter? Details Edit Release date May 1, 2007 (China) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English French Also known as 3 Filming locations Chicago, Illinois, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Marvel Studios Laura Ziskin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $258,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $336,530,303 Opening weekend US & Canada $151,116,516 May 6, 2007 Gross worldwide $894,983,373 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 19 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Psych 3 Was About Getting to 'The Longest Scene We've Ever Done, and It's Going to Be Bonkers' Nov 17TVLine.com Spider-Man: No Way Home – New Trailer Breakdown and Marvel Easter Eggs Analysis Nov 17Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.