Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4633694/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_65
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 20182018 PGPG 1h 57m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 437K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 235 189 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 39 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationActionAdventure Teen Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, and must join with five spider-powered individuals from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.Teen Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, and must join with five spider-powered individuals from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.Teen Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, and must join with five spider-powered individuals from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 437K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 235 189 Directors Bob Persichetti Peter Ramsey Rodney Rothman Writers Phil Lord(screenplay by) Rodney Rothman(screenplay by) Stars Shameik Moore(voice) Jake Johnson(voice) Hailee Steinfeld(voice) Top credits Directors Bob Persichetti Peter Ramsey Rodney Rothman Writers Phil Lord(screenplay by) Rodney Rothman(screenplay by) Stars Shameik Moore(voice) Jake Johnson(voice) Hailee Steinfeld(voice) See production, box office & company info 2KUser reviews 414Critic reviews 87Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #65 Won 1 Oscar 81 wins & 58 nominations total Videos39 Trailer 0:31 Now Playing Trailer 2:27 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Trailer 2:33 Official Trailer #2 Trailer 2:31 Official Trailer Trailer 1:23 Official Teaser Trailer Clip 3:54 Casting the Spider-Verse Sequel Clip 3:57 What to Stream With Your Family Right Now Clip 3:24 The Science of "Devs": Science Fact or Science Fiction Clip 4:05 Who We Want to See in the Spider-Verse Sequel Clip 2:44 Who Could Replace Spider-Man in the MCU? Clip 4:07 'Endgame' Is Only the Beginning for 'Spider-Man' Clip 2:50 IMDbrief: What You Missed in the 'Spider-Verse' Photos748 Top cast Edit Shameik Moore Miles Moralesas Miles Morales (voice) Jake Johnson Peter B. Parkeras Peter B. Parker (voice) Hailee Steinfeld Gwen Stacyas Gwen Stacy (voice) Mahershala Ali Uncle Aaronas Uncle Aaron (voice) Brian Tyree Henry Jefferson Davisas Jefferson Davis (voice) Lily Tomlin Aunt Mayas Aunt May (voice) Luna Lauren Velez Rio Moralesas Rio Morales (voice) Zoë Kravitz Mary Janeas Mary Jane (voice) John Mulaney Spider-Hamas Spider-Ham (voice) Kimiko Glenn Peni Parkeras Peni Parker (voice) Nicolas Cage Spider-Man Noiras Spider-Man Noir (voice) Kathryn Hahn Doc Ockas Doc Ock (voice) Liev Schreiber Wilson Fiskas Wilson Fisk (voice) Chris Pine Peter Parkeras Peter Parker (voice) Natalie Morales Miss Callerosas Miss Calleros (voice) Edwin R. Habacon Brooklyn Visions Security Guardas Brooklyn Visions Security Guard (voice) (as Edwin H. Bravo) Oscar Isaac Interesting Person #1as Interesting Person #1 (voice) Greta Lee Interesting Person #2as Interesting Person #2 (voice) Directors Bob Persichetti Peter Ramsey Rodney Rothman Writers Phil Lord(screenplay by) (story by) Rodney Rothman(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro 'Spider-Verse' Cast Share Their Dream Spidey Versions 'Spider-Verse' Cast Share Their Dream Spidey Versions From Spider-Ma'am to a hip-hop version of the superhero, the stars of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse share the versions of Spider-Man that they want to see on the big screen.Watch our interview More like this 8.4 WALL·E 8.4 Coco 8.3 Toy Story 8.2 Up 8.5 The Lion King 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.1 Inside Out 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.6 Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2 Storyline Edit Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, the creative minds behind The Lego Movie and 21 Jump Street, bring their unique talents to a fresh vision of a different Spider-Man Universe, with a groundbreaking visual style that's the first of its kind. "Spider-Man(TM): Into the Spider-Verse" introduces Brooklyn teen Miles Morales (Shameik Moore), and the limitless possibilities of the Spider-Verse, where more than one can wear the mask. —Sony Pictures teenage superheromultiversewisecrack humorposthumous cameointerdimensional travel516 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Enter a universe where more than one wears the mask. Genres Animation Action Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for frenetic sequences of animated action violence, thematic elements, and mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Art directors Dean Gordon and Patrick O'Keefe and their team turned to Cubism to help represent the dimensional quakes. Cubist art often presents a collection of different views all happening at the same time, so it was a natural metaphor for the multiple universes converging in "Spider-Verse." Goofs (at around 1h 23 mins) Miles is nearly a foot shorter than Peter Parker, yet when Miles takes one of Peter's old costumes to use as his own, it fits him perfectly. This was done intentionally by the filmmakers, meant as an illustration of Miles' earlier conversation with Stan (at around 32 mins), the comic shop owner ("It always fits. Eventually."). Miles has grown more confident, more skillful, and more comfortable with his new powers and is finally ready to take on the role of Spider-Man; thus, the costume (like the role itself) finally "fits." Quotes Stan: That person who helps others simply because it should or must be done, and because it is the right thing to do, is indeed without a doubt, a real superhero. Crazy credits There is a dedication in the closing credits to "Spider-Man" creators Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, who passed away in 2018. It is an image of Stan Lee's glasses with a quote: "That person who helps others simply because it should or must be done, and because it is the right thing to do, is indeed without a doubt, a real superhero. - Stan Lee" "Thank you Stan Lee & Steve Ditko for telling us we're not the only ones." Alternate versions The Blu-Ray for the film features an "Alternate Universe Cut," featuring unseen, unfinished and unused footage, which shows alternate scenarios for certain scenes and extends the runtime to 2h 23m instead of the original 1h 57m. Connections Edited from Cat Ballou (1965) Soundtracks People Get Up and Drive Your Funky Soul (Remix) Written by James Brown, St. Clair Pickney and Fred Wesley Performed by James Brown Courtesy of Republic Records Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews2K Review Top review 10/10 Game Changer Have you ever sat through a film and you knew that films would never be the same going forward? For example, Terminator 2, Star Wars.. the first Toy Story... Iron Man Well this is one of those. This is a almost rather perfect film. Let me just say the the stylished animation is just top notch. It as if the comic book leaped off the pages. I've seen practically all super hero films to include the DC animated ones. This feels as if they took comic books and Playstation animation and just came up with this perfect look. And the story is great.. the pacing is so wonderful. It is able to tell the story.. and an origin without boring us to tears like Zack Snyder has done in the DC universe. The story is quiet touching. And it allows us to have a pretty interesting Spider Man in Miles WITHOUT thrashing or having a Peter Parker like experience. Plus our the villains are so well done.. But I think we will see a lot more of this type of animation in the future from Sony. I think they announced their presence with authority.. like how Dreamworks did with Shrek.. and how Pixar did. It's been awhile I seen something so unexpected and so cool. helpful•351 138 cafesmitty Dec 21, 2018 Details Edit Release date December 21, 2018 (China) Country of origin United States Official site Official Site Languages English Spanish Also known as 蜘蛛侠：平行宇宙 Filming locations New York City, New York, USA Production companies Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE) Columbia Pictures Marvel Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $90,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $190,241,310 Opening weekend US & Canada $35,363,376 Dec 16, 2018 Gross worldwide $375,540,831 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 57 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Dolby Surround 7.1 12-Track Digital Sound Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ Trailer Unleashes a Multiverse of Villains Nov 16The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Oscars Can Have Two Noteworthy Mahershala Ali Performances for the Price of One with ‘Swan Song’ Nov 13Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.