Stand by Me (1986) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092005/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_218
Stand by Me (1986) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Stand by Me 19861986 RR 1h 29m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 382K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 474 195 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:15 6 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureDrama After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy.After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy.After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 382K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 474 195 Director Rob Reiner Writers Stephen King(novella "The Body") Raynold Gideon(screenplay) Bruce A. Evans(screenplay) Stars Wil Wheaton River Phoenix Corey Feldman Top credits Director Rob Reiner Writers Stephen King(novella "The Body") Raynold Gideon(screenplay) Bruce A. Evans(screenplay) Stars Wil Wheaton River Phoenix Corey Feldman See production, box office & company info 745User reviews 140Critic reviews 75Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #218 Nominated for 1 Oscar 5 wins & 11 nominations total Videos6 Trailer 1:15 Stand By Me Trailer 1:16 Stand By Me Trailer 2:18 Stand By Me Clip 3:41 '80s Movie Quiz With "Stranger Things" Star Gaten Matarazzo Video 3:04 Kevin Smith & Wil Wheaton on Echoes of 'Stand by Me' in "Stranger Things" Video 2:17 Dates in Movie & TV History: Sept. 4, 1959 - 'Stand by Me' Photos364 Top cast Edit Wil Wheaton Gordie Lachanceas Gordie Lachance River Phoenix Chris Chambersas Chris Chambers Corey Feldman Teddy Duchampas Teddy Duchamp Jerry O'Connell Vern Tessioas Vern Tessio Kiefer Sutherland Ace Merrillas Ace Merrill Casey Siemaszko Billy Tessioas Billy Tessio Gary Riley Charlie Hoganas Charlie Hogan Bradley Gregg Eyeball Chambersas Eyeball Chambers Jason Oliver Lipsett Vince Desjardinsas Vince Desjardins (as Jason Oliver) Marshall Bell Mr. Lachanceas Mr. Lachance Frances Lee McCain Mrs. Lachanceas Mrs. Lachance Bruce Kirby Mr. Quidacioluoas Mr. Quidacioluo William Bronder Milo Pressmanas Milo Pressman Scott Beach Mayor Grundyas Mayor Grundy Richard Dreyfuss The Writeras The Writer John Cusack Denny Lachanceas Denny Lachance Madeleine Swift Waitressas Waitress Popeye Chopperas Chopper Director Rob Reiner Writers Stephen King(novella "The Body") Raynold Gideon(screenplay) Bruce A. Evans(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Platoon 8.1 Dead Poets Society 8.1 Rocky 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.2 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 8.2 Die Hard Stand by Me: Deleted and Alternate Scenes 8.5 Back to the Future 8.1 Fargo 8.1 Cool Hand Luke 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 The Sixth Sense Storyline Edit It's the summer of 1959 in Castlerock, Oregon and four 12 year-old boys - Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern - are fast friends. After learning of the general location of the body of a local boy who has been missing for several days, they set off into the woods to see it. Along the way, they learn about themselves, the meaning of friendship and the need to stand up for what is right. —garykmcd friendshipchildhoodcoming of age filmwalking on train trackssummertime278 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines For some, it's the last real taste of innocence, and the first real taste of life. But for everyone, it's the time that memories are made of. Genres Adventure Drama Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia After director Rob Reiner screened the movie for Stephen King, he noticed that King was visibly shaking and wasn't speaking. He left the room and upon his return, told Reiner that the movie was the best adaptation of his work he had ever seen. Goofs When Vern is first coming into the tree house and is coming through the trap door he is clearly heard saying "You guys are never gonna believe this...", but his mouth is saying the previous lines "Oh, man, oh, man". Quotes [last lines] The Writer: [typing on computer] I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was twelve. Jesus, does anyone? Crazy credits In the edited-for-TV version, Lardass Hogan's name is shortened to Lard for obvious reasons. Yet even in the edited-for-TV version, the name "Lardass" is seen in the credits. Alternate versions In the edited for TV version, Lardass Hogan's name is shortened to Lard for obvious reasons. The editing is very obvious when the crowd starts chanting his name and the film looks and sounds very choppy as a result. Connections Featured in Ben E. King: Stand by Me (1986) Soundtracks Stand By Me by Ben E. King (as B.E. King), Jerry Leiber (as J. Leiber), and Mike Stoller (as M. Stoller) Performed by Ben E. King All rights administered by Unichappell Music, Inc. and Trio Music Courtesy of the Atlantic Recording Corp. by arrangement with Warner Special Products User reviews745 Review Top review 9/10 Stephen King with a great story Stephen King adaptations can be great. In my opinion the less horror pictures, and The Shining, are the best. Misery, The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile and this one. Stand by Me is a great film, you can say it is a drama with some thriller elements. Four boys hear the location of the dead body of a boy from their small town. The boys go on a trip to look for the body, about 30 miles away. There are some little problems on the way, including another gang with its leader Kiefer Sutherland. One of the boys thinks about his late brother because of the recent events, played by John Cusack. It seems to be a simple story but it is told perfect. The performances the boys give, one of them is the late River Phoenix, are all extraordinary. I liked the way their friendship was shown. Just a great movie, see this. 9/10. helpful•106 18 rbverhoef Jan 13, 2003 FAQ12 What is "Stand By Me" about? Is "Stand by Me" based on a book? How did the four boys know where where the body was located? Details Edit Release date August 22, 1986 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 伴我同行 Filming locations Eagle Mountain Ln, Burney, California, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Act III Act III Communications See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $8,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $52,287,414 Opening weekend US & Canada $242,795 Aug 10, 1986 Gross worldwide $52,287,414 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 29 minutes Sound mix Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Johannes Roberts Nov 16Trailers from Hell ‘This is the Night’ Review Nov 9Nerdly Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Stand by Me (1986)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.