Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi (1983) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086190/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_87
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi (1983) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 19831983 PGPG 2h 11m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 993K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 687 530 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:13 18 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark... Read allAfter a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap.After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 993K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 687 530 Director Richard Marquand Writers Lawrence Kasdan(screenplay by) George Lucas(screenplay by) Stars Mark Hamill Harrison Ford Carrie Fisher Top credits Director Richard Marquand Writers Lawrence Kasdan(screenplay by) George Lucas(screenplay by) Stars Mark Hamill Harrison Ford Carrie Fisher See production, box office & company info 916User reviews 211Critic reviews 58Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #87 Won 1 Oscar 22 wins & 20 nominations total Videos18 Trailer 1:13 Star Wars: Episode VI - The Return of the Jedi Trailer 0:17 Star Wars: Episode VI - The Return of the Jedi Clip 3:28 "The Mandalorian" Season 2: Is Boba Fett Back? Clip 4:02 "The Mandalorian" Takes Star Wars to Wild West of Space Clip 4:03 How Does Emperor Palpatine Fit Into 'The Rise of Skywalker'? Clip 3:23 The Evolution of Anakin Skywalker Clip 1:15 What '80s Movie Characters Should 'Bumblebee' Go on Adventure With? Clip 1:35 Which Iconic Movie Characters Should Meet at the 'El Royale'? Clip 0:57 Star Wars Promo 1:26 The Digital Movie Collection Promo 1:14 The Complete Saga Full Episode 3:51 "You" Star James Scully Can't Get Enough of This Animated Show Photos505 Top cast Edit Mark Hamill Luke Skywalkeras Luke Skywalker Harrison Ford Han Soloas Han Solo Carrie Fisher Princess Leiaas Princess Leia Billy Dee Williams Lando Calrissianas Lando Calrissian Anthony Daniels C-3POas C-3PO Peter Mayhew Chewbaccaas Chewbacca Sebastian Shaw Anakin Skywalkeras Anakin Skywalker Ian McDiarmid The Emperoras The Emperor Frank Oz Yodaas Yoda (voice) James Earl Jones Darth Vaderas Darth Vader (voice) David Prowse Darth Vaderas Darth Vader Alec Guinness Ben 'Obi-Wan' Kenobias Ben 'Obi-Wan' Kenobi Kenny Baker R2-D2as R2-D2… Michael Pennington Moff Jerjerrodas Moff Jerjerrod Kenneth Colley Admiral Piettas Admiral Piett Michael Carter Bib Fortunaas Bib Fortuna Denis Lawson Wedgeas Wedge Tim Rose Admiral Ackbaras Admiral Ackbar Director Richard Marquand Writers Lawrence Kasdan(screenplay by) George Lucas(screenplay by) (story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Here's Your Cheat Sheet for the 'Star Wars' Saga Here's Your Cheat Sheet for the 'Star Wars' Saga With the release of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, this is the perfect opportunity to recap the epic space opera audiences have enjoyed for over 40 years.View the Force 8:18 More like this 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.6 Star Wars 7.5 Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith 6.5 Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones 6.5 Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace 7.8 Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens 6.9 Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi 7.8 Rogue One 6.9 Ranger Solo 6.5 Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark Storyline Edit Luke Skywalker battles Jabba the Hutt and Darth Vader to save his comrades in the Rebel Alliance and triumph over the Galactic Empire. Han Solo and Princess Leia reaffirm their love, and team with Chewbacca, Lando Calrissian, the Ewoks, and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 to aid in the disruption of the Dark Side, and the defeat of the evil emperor. —Jwelch5742 death starmillennium falconbounty hunterbrother sister relationshipfather son relationship395 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Coming May 25, 1983 to your galaxy. [Second Advance poster] Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for sci-fi action violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia It took six people to work the full-sized animatronic of Jabba the Hutt. Goofs When Vader is searching for Luke in the Emperor's throne room, he is holding his ignited 'red blade' lightsaber in his right hand, and another unignited lightsaber handle in his left hand. This is because of a deleted scene where Luke throws his lightsaber out to Vader. Quotes Luke Skywalker: I'll not leave you here. I've got to save you. Anakin Skywalker: You already have, Luke. Crazy credits To compensate for the longer credits, later versions of the film like the special edition and DVD release extend the piece of musical score that plays over the credits. Alternate versions The Special Edition slightly re-edits the closing on Endor. Originally, there is one medium shot of the ghosts of Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda, followed by Luke rejoining his friends, and then another long shot of Anakin, Obi-Wan and Yoda. For the special edition, the medium shot is split in two, so that the first medium shot is shorter, and ends with Obi-Wan looking down at Yoda, then cuts to Luke rejoining the rebels, then cuts back to the rest of the medium shot, before cutting to Luke, and then finally back to the long shot of the ghosts. Connections Edited into Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi: Deleted Scenes (1983) Soundtracks Lapti Nek (uncredited) Huttese Lyrics by Michele Gruska Music by John Williams Original lyrics by Joseph Williams Snooty's vocals by Annie Arbogast Arranged by John Williams, Joseph Williams, and Ernie Fosselius Published by Bantha Music (admin. by Warner Tamerlande Publ. Corp.) User reviews916 Review Top review 10/10 The most peculiar Star Wars and under appreciated Totally should've won at least some of the awards it was nominated for! A very different adventure story with lots of adorable characters, more truths and the epic Emperor Palpatine! I love all the majestic forest aspects. Still crazy to me that they filmed so many parts especially the chases. The bulk of this art in cinema is done so well and always entertaining. Quite lovable many years later and not many movies have that kind of force! helpful•61 11 UniqueParticle Jan 16, 2020 FAQ34 Why are Star Wars movies always or almost always released in the month of May? How old is Emperor Palpatine in this movie? How old is Vader in the film? Details Edit Release date May 25, 1983 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official sites Lucasfilm Ltd. (United States) Official site Language English Also known as 星球大战3：绝地归来 Filming locations Miller-Rellim Redwood Company Property, Morrison Creek Road, Smith River, California, USA Production company Lucasfilm See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $32,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $309,306,177 Opening weekend US & Canada $23,019,618 May 29, 1983 Gross worldwide $475,106,177 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 11 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Related news Link Tank: Why the MCU Needs to Embrace Comic-Accurate X-Men Costumes Nov 16Den of Geek Star Wars: Boba Fett’s Real Debut Wasn’t in the Holiday Special or Empire Nov 12Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.