Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2527338/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_85
Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker 20192019 PG-13PG-13 2h 21m IMDb RATING 6.5/10 409K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 85 244 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:37 79 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy In the riveting conclusion of the landmark Skywalker saga, new legends will be born-and the final battle for freedom is yet to come.In the riveting conclusion of the landmark Skywalker saga, new legends will be born-and the final battle for freedom is yet to come.In the riveting conclusion of the landmark Skywalker saga, new legends will be born-and the final battle for freedom is yet to come. IMDb RATING 6.5/10 409K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 85 244 Director J.J. Abrams Writers Chris Terrio(screenplay by) J.J. Abrams(screenplay by) Derek Connolly(story by) Stars Daisy Ridley John Boyega Oscar Isaac Top credits Director J.J. Abrams Writers Chris Terrio(screenplay by) J.J. Abrams(screenplay by) Derek Connolly(story by) Stars Daisy Ridley John Boyega Oscar Isaac See production, box office & company info 7.9KUser reviews 518Critic reviews 53Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 3 Oscars 16 wins & 54 nominations total Videos79 Trailer 1:37 The Complete Skywalker Saga Trailer Trailer 0:31 "Celebrate" TV Spot Trailer 0:31 "Duel" TV Spot Trailer 2:22 Final Trailer Trailer 2:12 D23 Special Look Trailer 2:04 Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:25 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Trailer 2:25 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Trailer 2:25 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Trailer 2:30 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Trailer 2:12 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Clip 1:23 How Lin-Manuel Miranda Got to Write That Secret 'Rise of Skywalker' Song Photos565 Top cast Edit Daisy Ridley Reyas Rey John Boyega Finnas Finn Oscar Isaac Poe Dameronas Poe Dameron Adam Driver Kylo Renas Kylo Ren Carrie Fisher Leia Organaas Leia Organa (archive footage) Mark Hamill Luke Skywalkeras Luke Skywalker (as Patrick Williams) … Anthony Daniels C-3POas C-3PO Naomi Ackie Jannahas Jannah Domhnall Gleeson General Huxas General Hux Richard E. Grant General Prydeas General Pryde Lupita Nyong'o Maz Kanataas Maz Kanata Keri Russell Zorii Blissas Zorii Bliss Joonas Suotamo Chewbaccaas Chewbacca Kelly Marie Tran Rose Ticoas Rose Tico Ian McDiarmid Emperor Palpatineas Emperor Palpatine Billy Dee Williams Lando Calrissianas Lando Calrissian Greg Grunberg Snap Wexleyas Snap Wexley Shirley Henderson Babu Frikas Babu Frik (voice) Director J.J. Abrams Writers Chris Terrio(screenplay by) (story by) J.J. Abrams(screenplay by) (story by) Derek Connolly(story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Who Nearly Starred in the New 'Star Wars' Trilogy? Who Nearly Starred in the New 'Star Wars' Trilogy? As The Rise of Skywalker brings the latest Star Wars trilogy to a close, lets look back and shine a lightsaber on each of the characters — and the actors who nearly played them.Learn who was almost cast 3:27 More like this 6.9 Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi 7.8 Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens 6.5 Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones 7.5 Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith 6.5 Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace 7.8 Rogue One 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 6.9 Ranger Solo 8.6 Star Wars 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars 7.0 Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones: Deleted Scenes Storyline Edit While the First Order continues to ravage the galaxy, Rey finalizes her training as a Jedi. But danger suddenly rises from the ashes as the evil Emperor Palpatine mysteriously returns from the dead. While working with Finn and Poe Dameron to fulfill a new mission, Rey will not only face Kylo Ren once more, but she will also finally discover the truth about her parents as well as a deadly secret that could determine her future and the fate of the ultimate final showdown that is to come. —Blazer346 evildark sidereturn of dead charactervillain not really dead clicheshame607 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Every Generation Has A Legend. Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sci-fi violence and action Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Unused footage of Carrie Fisher shot for Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens (2015) was incorporated by digitally removing the background and superimposing it elsewhere. Visual effects were used to change her wardrobe and add gray to her hair so the footage would match her appearance in Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi (2017). Goofs On Kef Bir, the Millennium Falcon is landed by sideways ramming it into a hill, leaving a trail of destruction, due to the landing gear being defective. The Falcon however always had vertical take-off and landing capabilities, so this harsh landing is unnecessary. Quotes Obi Wan Kenobi: These are you final steps, Rey. Rise and take them. Anakin Skywalker: Rey. Ahsoka Tano: Rey. Kanan Jarrus: Rey. Anakin Skywalker: Bring back the balance, Rey, as I did. Luminara Unduli: In the night, find the light, Rey. Mace Windu: You're not alone, Rey. Yoda: Alone, never have you been. Qui-Gon Jinn: Every Jedi who ever lived, lives in you. Anakin Skywalker: The force surrounds you, Rey. Aayla Secura: Let it guide you. Ahsoka Tano: As it guided us. Mace Windu: Feel the force feeling through you, Rey. Anakin Skywalker: Let it lift you. Adi Gallia: Rise, Rey. Qui-Gon Jinn: We stand behind you, Rey. Alternate versions A kissing scene between two female pilots at the finale of the film was cut in several conservative countries where same-sex relationship is prohibited. Connections Featured in WatchMojo: Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker Trailer Breakdown (2019) Soundtracks Lido Hey Written by Lin-Manuel Miranda and J.J. Abrams Produced and Performed by Shag F. Kava User reviews7.9K Review Top review 5/10 This film clearly displays this trilogy's biggest flaw... ... which is that there was no overarching story to this trilogy planned. Say what you will about the prequels -years later they aren't considered secretly great or misunderstood. But they did one thing right. They expanded the universe of Star Wars with more world building and more lore, some good, some bad. The prequel story, while stilted, was the product of a single vision. In the end you had bad execution with good building blocks. The Sequel Trilogy doesn't expand anything, instead it makes everything smaller. Star Wars has never felt so small and tired as it does after The Rise of Skywalker. Each movie exists just to tear down and apologize for what came before it. Anakin/Vader's entire character arc is completely and unforgivably undermined after this film. Overall the movie was so bloated and overstuffed with choppy pacing to course-correct from The Last Jedi. It's Flanderization in action. The original movies had so many little touches and so much atmosphere and craftsmanship beyond a few big reveals, neat action set pieces, and bizarre coincidences with the same ten people running into one another over and over. The original films built iconic imagery and characters in the context of them doing things and bonding and building. This was not always perfectly done, but it was done well enough to feel meaningful. You can't just write a movie with the assumption you already have all of those things and skip the work it takes to get them. You can trick people for awhile by using the familiar imagery and beats and deconstructing the world with meta-humor (Abrams did that well for The Force Awakens if nothing else), but you just cash in that goodwill and cheapen all of that stuff by association. Oh well, the big action movies these days are indeed made for children and China - I can't remember who recently said that, but it's true. helpful•1.1K 534 AlsExGal Dec 22, 2019 FAQ27 Why does the character Zorii never remove her helmet? How did Palpatine build thousands and thousands of giant battleships, and recruit millions of soldiers without a single person knowing? How can the team fall through quicksand and end up falling into a cave? Shouldn't the sand fall through the cave as well? Details Edit Release date December 20, 2019 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Site Language English Also known as 星球大战9：天行者崛起 Filming locations Wadi Rum Desert, Jordan Production companies Walt Disney Pictures Lucasfilm Bad Robot See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $275,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $515,202,542 Opening weekend US & Canada $177,383,864 Dec 22, 2019 Gross worldwide $1,074,149,279 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 21 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Auro 11.1 Dolby Digital IMAX 6-Track Dolby Surround 7.1 Sonics-DDP 12-Track Digital Sound Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Could ‘Eternals’ Move the Needle in the Middle East By Putting an Openly Gay Character on Screen? Nov 11Variety Film + TV Patty Jenkins’ ‘Rogue Squadron’ Delayed: New ‘Star Wars’ Film Taken Off Production Schedule Nov 8Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.