Star Wars (1977) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076759/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_25
Star Wars (1977) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Star Wars 19771977 PGPG 2h 1m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 201 232 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:02 29 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue ... Read allLuke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader.Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 201 232 Director George Lucas Writer George Lucas Stars Mark Hamill Harrison Ford Carrie Fisher Top credits Director George Lucas Writer George Lucas Stars Mark Hamill Harrison Ford Carrie Fisher See production, box office & company info 2KUser reviews 206Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #25 Won 7 Oscars 63 wins & 29 nominations total Videos29 Trailer 2:02 Original Teaser Trailer Trailer 1:08 Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope Clip 4:48 "The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special" History Download Clip 7:23 Jaws, Shreks, & Lion Kings: A Summer Blockbuster History Clip 4:16 6 Movie & TV Podcasts When You Need a Binge Break Clip 3:51 Watch Like a Pro: Giancarlo Esposito's Ultimate Villain Watchlist Clip 4:02 "The Mandalorian" Takes Star Wars to Wild West of Space Clip 4:03 How Does Emperor Palpatine Fit Into 'The Rise of Skywalker'? Clip 3:07 What Happens to Obi-Wan Between Star Wars Trilogies? Clip 4:16 Gaten Matarazzo Has The Best Interview Ever Clip 3:23 The Evolution of Anakin Skywalker Clip 3:05 "The Mandalorian" and the Future of 'Star Wars' Photos534 Top cast Edit Mark Hamill Luke Skywalkeras Luke Skywalker Harrison Ford Han Soloas Han Solo Carrie Fisher Princess Leia Organaas Princess Leia Organa Alec Guinness Ben Obi-Wan Kenobias Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi Peter Cushing Grand Moff Tarkinas Grand Moff Tarkin Anthony Daniels C-3POas C-3PO Kenny Baker R2-D2as R2-D2 Peter Mayhew Chewbaccaas Chewbacca David Prowse Darth Vaderas Darth Vader Phil Brown Uncle Owenas Uncle Owen Shelagh Fraser Aunt Beruas Aunt Beru Jack Purvis Chief Jawaas Chief Jawa Alex McCrindle General Dodonnaas General Dodonna Eddie Byrne General Willardas General Willard Drewe Henley Red Leaderas Red Leader (as Drewe Hemley) Denis Lawson Red Two (Wedge)as Red Two (Wedge) (as Dennis Lawson) Garrick Hagon Red Three (Biggs)as Red Three (Biggs) Jack Klaff Red Four (John D.)as Red Four (John D.) Director George Lucas Writer George Lucas All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Here's Your Cheat Sheet for the 'Star Wars' Saga Here's Your Cheat Sheet for the 'Star Wars' Saga With the release of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, this is the perfect opportunity to recap the epic space opera audiences have enjoyed for over 40 years.View the Force 8:18 More like this 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.3 Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi 7.5 Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith 6.5 Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace 6.5 Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones 7.8 Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens 7.8 Rogue One 6.9 Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.5 Back to the Future 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 6.5 Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker Storyline Edit The Imperial Forces, under orders from cruel Darth Vader, hold Princess Leia hostage in their efforts to quell the rebellion against the Galactic Empire. Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, captain of the Millennium Falcon, work together with the companionable droid duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess, help the Rebel Alliance and restore freedom and justice to the Galaxy. —Jwelch5742 rebelliongalactic warprincesslightsaberspace opera418 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It's Back! The Force will be with you for three weeks only. (1979 Reissue Poster) Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for sci-fi violence and brief mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia George Lucas was so sure this movie would flop that instead of attending the premiere, he went on vacation to Hawaii with his good friend Steven Spielberg, where they came up with the idea for Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981) after they found out Star Wars became a success. Goofs When C-3PO and R2-D2 are in the control room of the Death Star, the storm troopers barge in, and one hits his head on the door. This goof was highlighted in the remastered version with a comedy "donk" sound effect. Quotes [Han answers the intercom after comandeering an attack station] Han Solo: [sounding official] Uh, everything's under control. Situation normal. Voice: What happened? Han Solo: [getting nervous] Uh, we had a slight weapons malfunction, but uh... everything's perfectly all right now. We're fine. We're all fine here now, thank you. How are you? Voice: We're sending a squad up. Han Solo: Uh, uh... negative, negative. We had a reactor leak here now. Give us a few minutes to lock it down. Large leak, very dangerous. Voice: Who is this? What's your operating number? Han Solo: Uh... [Han shoots the intercom] Han Solo: [muttering] Boring conversation anyway. LUKE, WE'RE GONNA HAVE COMPANY! Crazy credits The film has no opening credits. Instead, the first credits seen at the end of the film are presented in the order in which they would have otherwise been shown at the start. Although by the late 1990s it was commonplace for films to not have opening credits, in 1977 it was somewhat unusual for a major film to not have opening credits. Alternate versions In the 1997 re-release, two of the Cantina Aliens that had werewolf heads have been replaced. One was replaced with lizard-like creature while the other was replaced by a creature with elephant tusks. Both the werewolves and their replacements can seen in footage used in a supplemental DVD packaged with the soundtrack to Episode III Connections Edited into Dünyayi Kurtaran Adam (1982) User reviews2K Review Top review 10/10 Where It All Began-----10/10 I can never pick a favorite movie because different movies have different effects. Goodfellas is my favorite drama. Face/Off is my favorite actioner. But when it comes to pure amazement, nothing beats Star Wars. We are introduced to a whole other universe with different creatures, different lifestyles, and different history. We are dropped in the middle of an intergalactic war between an empire and a rebellion that has raged for years and left the universe in ruin. It was the most fascinating thing to see when i was eleven, but to this day i am still a Star Wars nerd. The cast of characters includes some of the coolest, funniest, and most tragic in film, and the actors who play them fit seamlessly into this new universe. Alec Guiness is flawless as Obi-Wan Kenobi, a Jedi on the run from the evil Empire. Harrison Ford is awesome as Han Solo, a smuggler and thief who helps the gang rescue the princess. But the my favorite character of all time is Darth Vader. Not only is he the coolest bad guy, but we learn in later films why he is evil and start to feel sympathetic for him. Not to mention that badass booming voice that can make ordering a pizza sound threatening. This was not only the beginning of the best movie series ever, but it was the beginning of my love for movies. George Lucas is a genius for being able to come up with a great story and an incredible backdrop for what was supposed to be a flop, but turned into one of the best films ever. 10/10 helpful•293 94 Sfpsycho415 Oct 22, 2003 FAQ34 Why is Mos Eisley space port on Tatooine? Aren't space ports usually in space and NOT on land? What is 'Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope' about? Is 'A New Hope' based on a book? Details Edit Release date May 25, 1977 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official sites Disney+ Hotstar Lucasfilm Ltd. [United States] Language English Also known as 星球大战 Filming locations Tikal National Park, Guatemala Production companies Lucasfilm Twentieth Century Fox See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $11,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $460,998,507 Opening weekend US & Canada $1,554,475 May 30, 1977 Gross worldwide $775,398,007 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Sound mix Dolby Atmos Related news "Star Wars" in 2022 Nov 17SneakPeek Nik Summerer on Lessons Learned Working With New Volume Technology on Netflix Show ‘1899’ Nov 16Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Star Wars (1977) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.