Still Waiting... (Video 2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1116186/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Still Waiting... (Video 2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Still Waiting... Video 20092009 RR 1h 28m IMDb RATING 4.9/10 6.4K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:31 1 Video 15 Photos Comedy Dennis is still waiting to progress to district manager from the restaurant where he works.Dennis is still waiting to progress to district manager from the restaurant where he works.Dennis is still waiting to progress to district manager from the restaurant where he works. IMDb RATING 4.9/10 6.4K YOUR RATING Rate Director Jeff Balis Writer Rob McKittrick(characters) Stars Adam Carolla John Michael Higgins Rob Benedict Top credits Director Jeff Balis Writer Rob McKittrick(characters) Stars Adam Carolla John Michael Higgins Rob Benedict See production, box office & company info 27User reviews 14Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Videos1 Trailer 2:31 Still Waiting... Photos15 Top cast Edit Adam Carolla Ken Halsbandas Ken Halsband John Michael Higgins Dennisas Dennis Rob Benedict Calvinas Calvin Steve Howey Agnewas Agnew Rob Kerkovich Masonas Mason Andy Milonakis Nickas Nick Alanna Ubach Naomias Naomi Phillip Vaden Joshuaas Joshua Chris Williams Chuckas Chuck Chi McBride Bishopas Bishop Luis Guzmán Raddimusas Raddimus (as Luis Guzman) Max Kasch Theoas Theo Vanessa Lengies Natashaas Natasha Kirk Fox Hankas Hank Amanda Loncar Suzyas Suzy Tania Raymonde Amberas Amber K.D. Aubert Trinaas Trina (as KD Aubert) Danneel Ackles Sherryas Sherry (as Danneel Harris) Director Jeff Balis Writer Rob McKittrick(characters) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 Waiting... 5.5 Employee of the Month 3.6 Stan Helsing 4.3 American Virgin 4.2 Amityville: Dollhouse 5.7 Barbershop 2: Back in Business 4.9 Van Wilder 2: The Rise of Taj 4.5 Drive Thru 3.5 I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer 5.1 Band Camp 5.2 Van Wilder: Freshman Year 5.2 The Naked Mile Storyline Edit On the last night of the fiscal quarter, Dennis, Shenanigan's manager, will be promoted to district manager if they have a $9000 day. To motivate the crew, he tells them the restaurant will close if they don't meet this goal. His competition is next door: Ta-Ta's, a bar with scantily clad waitresses, managed by the newly self-confident Calvin. At Ta-Ta's, it's Allison's first day; she's nervous. At Shenanigan's, Mason, a cook, is trying his best to be cool, without success. As the shift wears on, each employee faces his worst fears, and Dennis tries to learn how to attract women. Next door, Calvin and Allison make self discoveries. It all ends at the post-shift party. —<jhailey@hotmail.com> body doubleanti semitismfemale nudityracismlap dance95 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines The Saucy Sequel To "Waiting ..." Genre Comedy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong crude and sexual content throughout including graphic dialogue, and for language, nudity and drug use Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Despite making a cameo appearance, Justin Long expressed his dislike of the film to critic Peter Travers. Goofs In one scene in the manager's office, you see Dan looking at the calendar, and he moves a post-it note for a tax audit to a different date. After that, throughout the movie, the date that the post-it note is on changes, and then towards the end of the movie, the post-it note is gone completely. Quotes Dean: I'll tell you what I'm not gonna do... I'm not gonna pay for that drink. Thanks Man. Crazy credits There's a scene after the end credits. Connections Features Waiting... (2005) Soundtracks Still Waiting Rap Written by Andy Milonakis and Stuart Stone (as Stu Stone) Performed by Andy Milonakis and Max Kasch Courtesy of Dirty Hands Matt Records User reviews27 Review Top review 7/10 Has it's flaws, but still enjoyable I was a big fan of Waiting. Even though I've never worked in a restaurant, I could somehow relate to the plights and pitfalls of the food service industry. A lot of that had to do with writer Rob McKittrick's great script. Now, years later, Rob has penned the sequel to his cult classic and the results, though not as satisfying as the original, are better than you might think. Still Waiting moves the action to a new Shenanigans restaurant where manager Dennis is having some problems. Not only is he having trouble with his personal life, but his restaurant is also facing a crisis. They're losing business to the newly-opened Ta-Ta's Wing Shack next door. So much business in fact that corporate is threatening to shut Dennis down unless he can meet his quarterly expectations. He has one last day to make the $9000 he needs to keep his restaurant open and maybe even get a promotion. With a new restaurant comes a new cast of characters. There's Agnew - a young waiter who's so sarcastic and hateful that he doesn't even realize he's slowly turning into a racist; His girlfriend, Allison, who just started working at Ta-Ta's; Joshua - a guy who's so overworked that he has nightmares about his job; Hank - the bartender who dreams of hitting the big time with his band; Amber - the waitress working to pay her tuition, and Mason - the young cook with a lisp who's hopelessly in love with Amber. There's also a few returning characters. Like Naomi, in all her spiteful alcoholic glory. And Calvin, who's gone from being a love-struck loser to total ladies man and manager of Ta-Ta's. Other old faces show up as well, but I don't want to spoil it for you. The characters are, sadly, not near as good as the original Shenanigan's gang. It's no fault of the actor's either, The mostly unknown cast make the best with what they've been given. The characters this time around are just not as interesting. For example, I could've done completely without the Joshua character and would've like to have seen more of the Mason-Amber mini-plot. The story is a bit weak as well. Whereas in the first film, amidst all the dirty jokes, there was a story about that point in your life where you have to ask yourself "Just where am I going?": Still Waiting doesn't seem to have anything other than the "are they gonna make enough money?" plot. You'd think they would, especially with the new girl at the Wing Shack subplot, but it's just not there. All in all, Still Waiting has it's moments. It's pretty funny and way better than the majority of direct-to-DVD sequels out there. If you loved the original, you'll probably like this one. Key word being "like". helpful•11 8 TrippDigital Aug 2, 2009 FAQ1 What are the differences between the R-Rated cut and Unrated version of the movie? Details Edit Release date February 17, 2009 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Language English Also known as Waiting... 2 Filming locations Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies Eden Rock Media Heavy Duty Entertainment Waiting II See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 28 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.78 : 1 Related news Sdcc '11: Highlights From Amazing Spider-Man Panel; Description Of New Footage And Lizard! Jul 23ComicBookMovie.com Extra Scoop: 'The Voice' Debuts Winner! Jun 30Extra Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.