Stripes (1981) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083131/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
Stripes (1981) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Stripes 19811981 RR 1h 46m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 70K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 256 439 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:58 3 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyWar Two friends who are dissatisfied with their jobs decide to join the army for a bit of fun.Two friends who are dissatisfied with their jobs decide to join the army for a bit of fun.Two friends who are dissatisfied with their jobs decide to join the army for a bit of fun. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 70K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 256 439 Director Ivan Reitman Writers Len Blum Daniel Goldberg Harold Ramis Stars Bill Murray John Candy Harold Ramis Top credits Director Ivan Reitman Writers Len Blum Daniel Goldberg Harold Ramis Stars Bill Murray John Candy Harold Ramis See production, box office & company info 184User reviews 70Critic reviews 68Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos3 Trailer 2:58 Official Trailer Trailer 1:39 Stripes: Extended Cut Video 28:35 Sneak Previews Season 3 Episode 34 Photos126 Top cast Edit Bill Murray Johnas John John Candy Oxas Ox Harold Ramis Russellas Russell Warren Oates Sgt. Hulkaas Sgt. Hulka P.J. Soles Stellaas Stella Sean Young Louiseas Louise John Larroquette Capt. Stillmanas Capt. Stillman John Voldstad Stillman's Aideas Stillman's Aide John Diehl Cruiseras Cruiser Lance LeGault Col. Glassas Col. Glass Roberta Leighton Anitaas Anita Conrad Dunn Psychoas Psycho Judge Reinhold Elmoas Elmo Antone Pagán Hectoras Hector (as Antone Pagan) Glenn-Michael Jones Leonas Leon William Lucking Recruiteras Recruiter (as Bill Lucking) Fran Ryan Dowager in Cabas Dowager in Cab Joe Flaherty Border Guardas Border Guard (as Joseph P. Flaherty) Director Ivan Reitman Writers Len Blum Daniel Goldberg Harold Ramis All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.3 Caddyshack 7.5 National Lampoon's Animal House 7.4 National Lampoon's Vacation 6.9 Fletch 6.2 Meatballs 6.4 Spies Like Us 7.6 National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 7.6 Planes, Trains & Automobiles 7.0 What About Bob? 7.0 Uncle Buck 6.2 National Lampoon's European Vacation 7.0 Scrooged Storyline Edit At the end of a very bad day when he realizes his life has gone and is going nowhere, John Winger is able to convince his best friend, Russell Ziskey, whose life is not much better, to enlist in the army, despite they not being obvious soldier material. In basic training, they are only two of a bunch of misfits that comprise their platoon. However, it is still John that is constantly butting heads with their drill sergeant, Sergeant Hulka. Two of their saving graces are Stella and Louise, two MPs who get them out of one scrape after another. Their entire platoon is in jeopardy of not graduating. But what happens during basic leads to their entire platoon being assigned to an overseas mission in Italy, to test a new urban assault vehicle, the EM-50 project. John and Russell decide to take the EM-50 for an unauthorized test drive to visit Stella and Louise who have been reassigned to West Germany. In the process, the rest of the platoon, Hulka, and Hulka's immediate superior, self-absorbed Captain Stillman, get caught unofficially behind enemy Communist lines in Czechoslovakia. John and Russell, with Stella and Louise's help, will have to show their true mettle as US army soldiers and in the process test the capabilities of the EM-50 to rescue their platoon without the rest of the US army knowing what's going on, and thus without any assistance beyond themselves. —Huggo bare breastswoman naked in showerpubic hairfemale nuditybare butt121 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Today's army needs men of courage... honesty... integrity... ambition. Instead, they got John Winger. Genres Comedy War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for sexuality/nudity, language and some drug use Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to Ivan Reitman, Bill Murray insisted that Harold Ramis be cast as his friend for two reasons: 1. They were long-time friends in real life. 2. So Ramis could help Murray re-write his dialogue or help him improvise. Goofs While Ox and several other characters got true boot camp haircuts, taken down to the barest of stubble, Winger, Zisky, Elmo and Psycho among others have haircuts that are too long to be the norm at the start of boot camp. Quotes John Winger: Cut it out! Cut it out! Cut it out! The hell's the matter with you? Stupid! We're all very different people. We're not Watusi. We're not Spartans. We're Americans, with a capital 'A', huh? You know what that means? Do ya? That means that our forefathers were kicked out of every decent country in the world. We are the wretched refuse. We're the underdog. We're mutts! Here's proof: his nose is cold! But there's no animal that's more faithful, that's more loyal, more loveable than the mutt. Who saw "Old Yeller?" Who cried when Old Yeller got shot at the end? [raises his hand] John Winger: [Sarcastically] Nobody cried when Old Yeller got shot? I'm sure. [hands are reluctantly raised] John Winger: I cried my eyes out. So we're all dogfaces, we're all very, very different, but there is one thing that we all have in common: we were all stupid enough to enlist in the Army. We're mutants. There's something wrong with us, something very, very wrong with us. Something seriously wrong with us - we're soldiers. But we're American soldiers! We've been kicking ass for 200 years! We're ten and one! Now we don't have to worry about whether or not we practiced. We don't have to worry about whether Captain Stillman wants to have us hung. All we have to do is to be the great American fighting soldier that is inside each one of us. Now do what I do, and say what I say. And make me proud. Crazy credits Four actors with the first name "John", are listed back -to-back in the final credits: John Candy, John Larroquette, John Voldstad and John Diehl. Alternate versions The "Extended Cut" DVD includes 18 minutes' worth of deleted scenes re-edited back into the film (and most available separately in the menu): A longer discussion between John and Russell before they drive to the recruiting office A short addition to the training montage where Russell and Ox deal with a heavy trash can (not available separately, see below) A nine-minute scene in which John and Russell take LSD and accidentally end up on a mission in the Colombian jungle. They meet with rebels whom they smoke marijuana and take more LSD with. The rebels want to kill them but they escape by leading the rebels in a rendition of "Quando, Quando, Quando" After Hulka's injury, a false account by Stillman of how it happened (though John knows that Stillman was at fault) An extra minute in the EM-50 introduction scene where John and Russell are "volunteered" to watch it for the weekend (instead of just suddenly on guard for no reason) Love scenes between the two couples during their Germany vacation in which the women are nude A longer discussion between John and Russell before Russell agrees to save the men in CzechoslovakiaHowever, the DVD suffers from several flaws: The "Theatrical" version retains the trash can segment (about 12 seconds) and skips past the Germany vacation romp about 10 seconds too soon, cutting after "special exercises" and leaving out the mention of the suitcase John's brought The "Theatrical" version also executes the branching very poorly, with a noticeable pause for each of the six major deleted scenes and occasional brief hiccup in content at those points (including about 2 seconds at the end of the training montage) Only the 5.1 remix is available, not the original mono track The Extended Cut identifies the extra scenes with subtitles that cannot be disabled, and the disc provides no way to switch between versions without reinsertion Connections Featured in Sneak Previews: Stripes/Eyes of a Stranger/The Cannonball Run/Superman II (1981) Soundtracks Rubberband Man Written by Thom Bell (uncredited) and Linda Creed (uncredited) Performed by The Spinners Courtesy of Atlantic Records User reviews184 Review Top review 8/10 Funny as hell! Stripes is a raunchy, adult comedy from critically acclaimed producer/director Ivan Reitman (Evolution, Kindergarten Cop). And it stars Bill Murray (The Royal Tenenbaums), Harold Ramis (As Good as it Gets), John Candy (Uncle Buck), Warren Oates (True Grit). Low life cab driver John Winger (Bill Murray) loses a lot in 2 hours. That is his job, his apartment, his girlfriend, his car. So, he decides that he's had enough of his pathetic life in New York, so he decides to join the army. He also talks his friend Russel Ziskey (Harold Ramis) into joining with him. When they finally do join, they are both put into a platoon drilled by Sgt. Hulka (Warren Oates) who has his eye on John. They both go through weeks and weeks of hell by doing basic training and putting up with Sgt. Hulka. But, they full fill their goal by meeting Stella (P.J. Soles) and Louise (Sean Young), two beautiful MP's who have their eys on Russel and John. As the story moves on, they go to battle in Germany and end up in more hilarious confilcts. I must say, I think that Warren Oates was a perfect choice for Sgt. Hulka, and that he was so brilliant and funny with the character. I give him graditude. 1921-1982 This is not a movie for kids, but teens may enjoy it if they are looking for a hilarious comedy. STRIPES is 100% classic and comedy! helpful•30 16 superboy478 Mar 5, 2002 FAQ1 What are the differences between the Theatrical Version and the Extended Cut? Details Edit Release date June 26, 1981 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English Russian Polish Also known as Cheech and Chong Join the Army Filming locations James B. Beam Distilling Co. - 149 Happy Hollow Road, Clermont, Kentucky, USA Production company Columbia Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $10,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $85,297,000 Opening weekend US & Canada $6,130,197 Jun 28, 1981 Gross worldwide $85,297,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 46 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Dolby Atmos Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Alamo Drafthouse Inaugurates Ivan Reitman Cinema As Son Jason Debuts ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife; Giant Marshmallow Man Unveiled Nov 15Deadline Film + TV New on Netflix: November 2021 Releases Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Stripes (1981) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.