Sunset Blvd. (1950) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0043014/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_60
Sunset Blvd. (1950) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sunset Blvd. 19501950 PassedPassed 1h 50m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 213K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,201 13 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:14 3 Videos 99+ Photos DramaFilm-Noir A screenwriter develops a dangerous relationship with a faded film star determined to make a triumphant return.A screenwriter develops a dangerous relationship with a faded film star determined to make a triumphant return.A screenwriter develops a dangerous relationship with a faded film star determined to make a triumphant return. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 213K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,201 13 Director Billy Wilder Writers Charles Brackett Billy Wilder D.M. Marshman Jr. Stars William Holden Gloria Swanson Erich von Stroheim Top credits Director Billy Wilder Writers Charles Brackett Billy Wilder D.M. Marshman Jr. Stars William Holden Gloria Swanson Erich von Stroheim See production, box office & company info 664User reviews 192Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #60 Won 3 Oscars 18 wins & 20 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 3:14 Sunset Blvd. Clip 1:36 'Sunset Blvd.' | Annivesary Mashup Clip 1:25 Sunset Boulevard: Centennial Collection Photos157 Top cast Edit William Holden Joe Gillisas Joe Gillis Gloria Swanson Norma Desmondas Norma Desmond Erich von Stroheim Max Von Mayerlingas Max Von Mayerling Nancy Olson Betty Schaeferas Betty Schaefer Fred Clark Sheldrakeas Sheldrake Lloyd Gough Morinoas Morino Jack Webb Artie Greenas Artie Green Franklyn Farnum Undertakeras Undertaker Larry J. Blake 1st Finance Manas 1st Finance Man (as Larry Blake) Charles Dayton 2nd Finance Manas 2nd Finance Man Cecil B. DeMille Cecil B. DeMilleas Cecil B. DeMille Hedda Hopper Hedda Hopperas Hedda Hopper Buster Keaton Buster Keatonas Buster Keaton Anna Q. Nilsson Anna Q. Nilssonas Anna Q. Nilsson H.B. Warner H. B. Warneras H. B. Warner Ray Evans Ray Evansas Ray Evans Jay Livingston Jay Livingstonas Jay Livingston Fred Aldrich Cop Who Drags Joe's Body from Poolas Cop Who Drags Joe's Body from Pool (uncredited) Director Billy Wilder Writers Charles Brackett Billy Wilder D.M. Marshman Jr. All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Double Indemnity 8.4 Paths of Glory 8.4 Witness for the Prosecution 8.5 Casablanca 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 North by Northwest 8.3 Vertigo 8.3 The Apartment 8.2 All About Eve 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 8.2 Some Like It Hot Storyline Edit In Hollywood of the 50's, the obscure screenplay writer Joe Gillis is not able to sell his work to the studios, is full of debts and is thinking in returning to his hometown to work in an office. While trying to escape from his creditors, he has a flat tire and parks his car in a decadent mansion in Sunset Boulevard. He meets the owner and former silent-movie star Norma Desmond, who lives alone with her butler and driver Max Von Mayerling. Norma is demented and believes she will return to the cinema industry, and is protected and isolated from the world by Max, who was her director and husband in the past and still loves her. Norma proposes Joe to move to the mansion and help her in writing a screenplay for her comeback to the cinema, and the small-time writer becomes her lover and gigolo. When Joe falls in love for the young aspirant writer Betty Schaefer, Norma becomes jealous and completely insane and her madness leads to a tragic end. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil silent film starbutlerhollywood californianarrated from the gravejealousy459 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A Hollywood Story Genres Drama Film-Noir Certificate Passed Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Unlike the character she played, Gloria Swanson had accepted the fact that the movies didn't want her anymore and had moved to New York, where she worked on radio and, later, television. Although she had long before ruled out the possibility of a movie comeback, she was nevertheless highly intrigued when she got the offer to play the lead. Goofs As the policemen run towards the pool, you can see the dead man's head lift up out of the water. Quotes Joe Gillis: Wait a minute, haven't I seen you before? I know your face. Norma Desmond: Get out! Or, shall I call my servant? Joe Gillis: You're Norma Desmond. You used to be in silent pictures. You used to be big. Norma Desmond: I *am* big. It's the *pictures* that got small. Crazy credits The Paramount logo appears as a transparency over the opening shot. The words "Sunset Blvd." are shown stenciled on the curb of that street. Connections Edited into Histoire(s) du cinéma: Fatale beauté (1994) Soundtracks The Paramount-Don't-Want-Me Blues (1950) (uncredited) Written by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans Performed by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans at Artie's party User reviews664 Review Top review 10/10 They Don't Make 'Em Like This Anymore This is such a great film on so many levels I can't really settle on where to begin. It is so beautifully shot (in that stark black/white that only nitrate negative could achieve), has a witty, clever and extremely well-written script, features some of the best acting in film's history, acrobatically balances the main plot/subplots with expert precision, contains some of the best characters on celluloid, has many true-to-life parallels (Swanson's career/real life cameos/DeMille's involvement/etc) and is peppered with such great dialogue/narration that today's film writers should take note. If that weren't enough, there's even a cameo by silent film great Buster Keaton (among others). One of the most appealing aspects of this film is how, in the story, an aging, forgotten star is trying to recapture a bygone era (the silent film era). What's interesting is that now, so many years later, we're looking back at her looking back. To present day viewers, Gloria Swanson of the 1950's is a long forgotten lost gem and to experience her own longing for the 1920's is especially captivating (and a little chilling, I might add). I don't think this film could have had that same effect when it debuted and maybe this added dimension holds so much more appeal for today's audiences. We all know that nothing lasts forever, but we don't often consider the abandoned participants; much like the veterans of a past war. In response to the famous Swanson line (while watching one of her silent films): "...we didn't need dialogue; we had faces", I'd like to also add that they "didn't need movies; they had films." They truly don't make them like this anymore. 10/10 helpful•215 57 belikemichaeldotcom Jul 2, 2004 FAQ7 A NOTE REGARDING SPOILERS What is the correct title - "Blvd." or "Boulevard"? What is the movie Joe and Norma watch? Details Edit Release date August 4, 1950 (Turkey) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 日落大道 Filming locations 10060 Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, California, USA Production company Paramount Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,752,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $299,645 Opening weekend US & Canada $169,067 May 13, 2018 Gross worldwide $300,073 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 50 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news Academy Museum to Host Vienna in Hollywood Film Series and Symposium Oct 25Variety Film + TV Weasel’S Tale – Review Oct 15WeAreMovieGeeks.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Sunset Blvd. (1950)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.