Taare Zameen Par (2007) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0986264/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_92
Taare Zameen Par (2007) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Taare Zameen Par 20072007 PGPG 2h 45m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 182K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,769 319 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:15 1 Video 67 Photos DramaFamily An eight-year-old boy is thought to be a lazy trouble-maker, until the new art teacher has the patience and compassion to discover the real problem behind his struggles in school.An eight-year-old boy is thought to be a lazy trouble-maker, until the new art teacher has the patience and compassion to discover the real problem behind his struggles in school.An eight-year-old boy is thought to be a lazy trouble-maker, until the new art teacher has the patience and compassion to discover the real problem behind his struggles in school. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 182K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,769 319 Directors Aamir Khan Amole Gupte(uncredited) Writer Amole Gupte(dialogue & screenplay) Stars Darsheel Safary Aamir Khan Tisca Chopra Top credits Directors Aamir Khan Amole Gupte(uncredited) Writer Amole Gupte(dialogue & screenplay) Stars Darsheel Safary Aamir Khan Tisca Chopra See production, box office & company info 435User reviews 36Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #92 Awards 23 wins & 13 nominations Videos1 Trailer 1:15 Like Stars On Earth Photos67 Top cast Edit Darsheel Safary Ishaan Awasthias Ishaan Awasthi Aamir Khan Ram Shankar Nikumbhas Ram Shankar Nikumbh Tisca Chopra Maya Awasthias Maya Awasthi Vipin Sharma Nandkishore Awasthias Nandkishore Awasthi Sachet Engineer Yohan Awasthias Yohan Awasthi Tanay Chheda Rajan Damodaranas Rajan Damodaran Lalitha Lajmi Lalitha Lajmi - Art Mela's Chief Guestas Lalitha Lajmi - Art Mela's Chief Guest Girija Oak Jabeen - Amir's Co-workeras Jabeen - Amir's Co-worker (as Girija) Ravi Khanvilkar Mr. Holkaras Mr. Holkar (as Ravi Khanwelkar) Pratima Kulkarni Principal - St. Anthony's Schoolas Principal - St. Anthony's School Meghna Malik Victoria Teacheras Victoria Teacher Sonali Sachdev Irene Teacheras Irene Teacher Sanjay Dadich Maadhooas Maadhoo Rajgopal Iyer George Siras George Sir (as Raaj Gopal Iyer) Bugs Bhargava Krishna Sen Siras Sen Sir (as Bugs Bhargava) Shankar Sachdev Tiwari Siras Tiwari Sir M.K. Raina Principal - Boarding Schoolas Principal - Boarding School Gurkirtan Housemasteras Housemaster (as Gurkirtan Chauhan) Directors Aamir Khan Amole Gupte(uncredited) Writer Amole Gupte(dialogue & screenplay) (story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Chak De! India 8.2 Babam ve Oglum 8.3 Bacheha-Ye aseman 8.4 WALL·E 8.2 Up 8.3 Toy Story 7.8 English Vinglish 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.4 Coco 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.4 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Storyline Edit Ishaan Awasthi is an eight-year-old child whose world is filled with wonders that no one else seems to appretiate are just not important in the world of adults, who are much more interested in things like homework, marks and neatness. And Ishaan just cannot seem to get anything right in class. When he gets into far more trouble than his parents can handle, he is packed off to a boarding school to 'be disciplined'. Things are no different at his new school, and Ishaan has to contend with the added trauma of separation from his family. One day a new art teacher bursts onto the scene, Ram Shankar Nikumbh, who infects the students with joy and optimism. He breaks all the rules of 'how things are done' by asking them to think, dream and imagine, and all the children respond with enthusiasm, all except Ishaan. Nikumbh soon realizes that Ishaan is very unhappy, and he sets out to discover why. With time, patience and care, he ultimately helps Ishaan find himself. dyslexiaagainst the oddspapadumdreamintolerance485 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Every Child is Special Genres Drama Family Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic material, brief violence and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Aamir Khan received special permission from Amitabh Bachchan to use Abhishek Bachchan's experiences in the film. The reference is made in terms of Abhishek being one of the most successful stars and how he came to star in the blockbuster Dhoom (2004), overcoming the dyslexia that he had during childhood. Goofs When Rajan and Ishaan are talking in the corridors, Rajan says he lives in the staff quarters as opposed to in the normal student dorm. Later on, Ram asks Rajan where Ishaan is, and Rajan says he saw him leave the student dorm early. If Rajan lived in the staff quarters, he wouldn't know this. Quotes Ram Shankar Nikumbh: lf you fancy racing, breed racehorses, dammit, not children. Crazy credits The opening credits rolls after few minutes of the film and consists of animated sequences (in order to portray the main character's imaginary world). Connections Featured in 53rd Filmfare Awards (2008) Soundtracks Mera Jahan Written by Prasoon Joshi Composed by Shailendra Barve Performed by Adnan Sami, Auriel Cordo, Ananya Wadkar, Gleehive (Kids Choir), Suraj and Shailendra Barve Courtesy of Super Cassettes Industries Limited (T-Series) User reviews435 Review Top review 9/10 Oxygen to Revive the Soul A good film on children has always been much needed for Indian film-goers. And when in this moment of dearth one gets treated to a movie that simply touches the soul - needless to say - Taare Zameen Par - does just that. Aamir Khan proves his mettle as a director. As an actor he is fabulous. The story captures a look at a middle class family who feel the younger kid (Darsheel Safary) is not a patch on the elder one who is a topper at class. The younger one is always struggling with his ABCs and spends more time out of his class rather than inside. Its only when he is sent to boarding school with the hope that an iron fist will help him improve that he comes across art teacher (Aamir Khan) who correctly identities his problem of suffering from dyslexia and decides to unleash his creativity and make him an achiever. To know more one should watch this movie since it has elements that everyone could relate towards while at school or boarding, and brings into focus the need for underprivileged and slow learning children to be given the chance to prove themselves with patience and love that would help them merge with mainstream education and become worthwhile contributors. Brilliant job Aamir and your team for treating the subject with respect, honesty and flair. Darsheel Safary as the struggling kid has done total justice to his role and puts in a performance that will always be remembered. The movie will make you cry, make you laugh, make you rejoice and come out feeling that there are some people out there who take Indian cinema several notches higher. helpful•124 28 danzs Dec 22, 2007 FAQ3 Is this a children's film only? What is this film about? How does the movie end? Details Edit Release date December 21, 2007 (India) Country of origin India Official site Official site Language Hindi Also known as 地球上的星星 Filming locations Panchgani, Maharashtra, India Production companies Aamir Khan Productions PVR Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $1,223,869 Opening weekend US & Canada $352,568 Dec 23, 2007 Gross worldwide $21,897,373 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news In an extreme step Aamir Khan turns off his phone! Feb 1GlamSham Tisca Chopra feels ‘Taare Zaameen Par’ started a conversation Dec 21GlamSham Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Taare Zameen Par (2007) in Australia?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Most anticipated Indian movies and shows Percentage shows amount of top page views. 1Marakkar: Lion of the Arabian Sea43.8% 2Ram Asur14.8% 3Bunty Aur Babli 28.1% 4RRR7.0% 5Antim: The Final Truth6.3% 6Satyameva Jayate 25.2% 7Pushpa: The Rise - Part 14.5% 8Minnal Murali3.8% 9Matsya Kaand3.4% 10Dangerous3.2% Updates approximately every 20 minutes. More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.