Tae-yang-eui hoo-ye (TV Series 2016) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4925000/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_i_1
Tae-yang-eui hoo-ye (TV Series 2016) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Tae-yang-eui hoo-ye TV Series 20162016 TV-14TV-14 1h IMDb RATING 8.3/10 13K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,546 39 Episode guide Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics All topics Play trailer1:34 1 Video 99+ Photos ActionComedyDrama This drama tells of the love story that develops between a surgeon and a special forces officer.This drama tells of the love story that develops between a surgeon and a special forces officer.This drama tells of the love story that develops between a surgeon and a special forces officer. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 13K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,546 39 Stars Song Joong-ki Song Hye-Kyo Jin Goo Top credits Stars Song Joong-ki Song Hye-Kyo Jin Goo See production, box office & company info 116User reviews See more at IMDbPro Awards 19 wins & 18 nominations Episodes19 Browse episodes TopTop-rated 1 Season 2016 Videos1 Trailer 1:34 Official Trailer [eng sub] Photos1490 Top cast Edit Song Joong-ki Captain Yoo Si Jinas Captain Yoo Si Jin19 episodes19 eps • 2016 Song Hye-Kyo Dr. Kang Mo Yeonas Dr. Kang Mo Yeon19 episodes19 eps • 2016 Jin Goo Master Sergeant Seo Dae Yeongas Master Sergeant Seo Dae Yeong19 episodes19 eps • 2016 Kim Ji-Won First Lt. Yoon Myeong Jooas First Lt. Yoon Myeong Joo19 episodes19 eps • 2016 Kim Min-Suk Kim Ki Beomas Kim Ki Beom17 episodes17 eps • 2016 Kang Shin-il Lieutenant General Yoonas Lieutenant General Yoon17 episodes17 eps • 2016 Ahn Bo-Hyun First Sergeant Lim (Piccolo)as First Sergeant Lim (Piccolo)16 episodes16 eps • 2016 Seo Jung-Yeon Nurse Ha Ja Aeas Nurse Ha Ja Ae16 episodes16 eps • 2016 Park Hoon First Sergeant Choi (Snoopy)as First Sergeant Choi (Snoopy)16 episodes16 eps • 2016 Hwan-hee Park Nurse Choi Min Jias Nurse Choi Min Ji16 episodes16 eps • 2016 Woong Choi Staff Sergeant Gong (Harry Potter)as Staff Sergeant Gong (Harry Potter)16 episodes16 eps • 2016 Byeong-cheol Kim Lt. Colonel Park Byung Sooas Lt. Colonel Park Byung Soo15 episodes15 eps • 2016 Seung-Joon Lee Dr. Song Sang Hyeonas Dr. Song Sang Hyeon15 episodes15 eps • 2016 Onew Lee Chi Hoonas Lee Chi Hoon15 episodes15 eps • 2016 Jyu-ni Hyun Pyo Ji Sooas Pyo Ji Soo14 episodes14 eps • 2016 Jasper Cho Daniel Spenceras Daniel Spencer12 episodes12 eps • 2016 David Lee McInnis Captain Argusas Captain Argus8 episodes8 eps • 2016 Jo Jae-yoon Jin Young Sooas Jin Young Soo8 episodes8 eps • 2016 All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 Sseulsseulhago Chalranhashin: Dokkaebi 8.1 Kimbiseoga wae geureolkka 8.5 Binsenjo 8.7 Sa-rang-eui bul-sa-chak 8.7 Saikojiman Gwaenchanha 8.2 Him-ssen yeo-ja Do Bong-soon 8.4 Dangshini Jamdeun Saie 8.1 Pooreun Badaui Junsul 8.2 Byeol-e-seo on geu-dae 8.1 W - Du gaeui segye 8.1 Ssam, Maiwei 8.4 Yeokdoyojeong Gim Bokju Storyline Edit A love story develops between Captain Yoo Shi Jin, from South Korean Special Forces and Doctor Kang Mo Yeon, who works as a Surgeon at Haesung Hospital in Seoul. They will find themselves in the middle of great events and deadly dangers, both in their Motherland and in the fictitious, war-torn country of Urk. —Abdalonimus asian girllegseast asian womandoctormilitary19 more Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Action Comedy Drama Romance Certificate TV-14 Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-Kyo, who both played the lead roles, married on October 31, 2017. Connections Remade as Descendants of the Sun (2020) Soundtracks Always Performed by Mi-rae Yoon User reviews116 Review Top review 8/10 Brings back a lot of one's own memories ~ Indeed ! The title song was what I heard first, which made me search for 'Descendants of the Sun' and read the plot which didn't have much to offer apart from a usual romance story. The person who showed me the song was speaking very highly of the drama and was even generous enough to provide the episodes. Then I started watching in gratitude mostly and to be honest, I didn't regret that for a moment - but the opposite! 'Tae-yang-eui hoo-ye' belongs to the type of drama that carry a simple story but with its emotional scenes, heartwarming music and soft touches makes it remarkable and attaching to a viewer. It has powerful sub plots running alongside and the visuals including the cast as well as the venues are also an eye candy. What I liked the most in the story is not the main love story between Shi-Jin 'big boss' and Mo-Yeon - 'the lady doctor' (although it is also emotionally appealing) but the power struggle and the demanding relationship between Dae-Yong and Myeong-Joo. I beleive the actors playing those two roles have done more justice to the roles compared to the main duo. But overall the story is empowered and flows nicely with typical lover quarrels and romantic moments placed perfectly between occasional humor and action. Yes you read right, Action ! I'm not talking about the Adrenalin rush you might have felt when Myeong-Joo's recording was played on loudspeaker which was a much needed breakthrough that came with humor. But there were plenty of military scenes and rescue scenarios I was very happy to watch as a boy. One more reason to drop a star in the rating is the poor budget that the producers have got when they have such nice action scenes which are diluted with careless visual effects and props. But overall this drama is excellent as a love story because it has the perfect blend between pain-joy, hope-disappointment and expectations-reality which is true in a real world love story as well. Yes, there are some over exaggerated moments of romance or maybe action, but it is essential for us to bond with the characters, hope them to do things that we want and to take pleasure in them getting what we want( and occasionally not getting it to break 'our' hearts). It is indeed an emotional roller coaster ride for a spectator and I really liked it. Anybody with a heart , anybody who have loved before can relate to at least one small incident that happens between the couples in the drama and indulge in their own memories - which can be eventually painful - but we embrace that pain with love. The only exceptional and unnatural character developments that I saw are of the rich-kid doctor and the unearthly attractive tech-mech-doc guy. But that is tolerable ~ it's fun. It also had its emotional moments with bitter truths of life - like when the disaster struck power plant worker took a decision about his life, which is a nice touch additional to the romance, comedy and action in the story. So to sum up (+) typical but rich romantic scenes (+) humor that doesn't bore you (+) picturesque backgrounds ( I didn't know Urk was at Greece right till the end :/ ) (+) last but not the least ~ Awesome music (-) can be improved action scenes (-) a bit more less filler plots makes 'Descendants of the Sun' a nice story to watch and a pleasant gift to share. Personally I enjoyed a lot watching the sweet romance and love struggles in a drama - which I thought I might never do again. So I would like to thank the person who shared this beautiful work of art with me for giving me the taste of a locked out world. :) helpful•10 3 kasunmbx Jul 12, 2018 Details Edit Release date February 24, 2016 (South Korea) Country of origin South Korea Official sites Netflix Official Site (South Korea) Language Korean Also known as Descendants of the Sun Filming locations Greece Production companies Barunson. Descendants of the Sun SPC KBS Drama Production See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.78 : 1 Related news Megabox Plus M unpacks trio of South Korean thrillers (exclusive) Jul 6ScreenDaily Vincenzo: 5 Reasons It’s The Netflix K-Drama We Needed (& 5 Ways It’s Typical) Mar 19ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Spanish language plot outline for Tae-yang-eui hoo-ye (2016)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Add episode More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.