Taxi Driver (1976) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075314/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_112
Taxi Driver (1976) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Taxi Driver 19761976 RR 1h 54m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 768K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 349 32 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:07 7 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDrama A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presiden... Read allA mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presidential campaign worker and an underage prostitute.A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presidential campaign worker and an underage prostitute. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 768K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 349 32 Director Martin Scorsese Writer Paul Schrader Stars Robert De Niro Jodie Foster Cybill Shepherd Top credits Director Martin Scorsese Writer Paul Schrader Stars Robert De Niro Jodie Foster Cybill Shepherd See production, box office & company info 1.2KUser reviews 306Critic reviews 94Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #112 Nominated for 4 Oscars 22 wins & 20 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 3:07 Official Trailer Trailer 3:13 Taxi Driver Trailer 2:06 Taxi Driver Clip 2:53 Does 'Joker' Exist in a Scorsese-Verse of Films? Clip 4:00 Holy Martin Scorsese! 'Joker' Is New 'King of Comedy' Clip 3:44 IMDb's Most Anticipated Movies of 2019 Video 3:08 25 Movies That Almost Starred Robert De Niro Photos365 Top cast Edit Robert De Niro Travis Bickleas Travis Bickle Jodie Foster Irisas Iris Cybill Shepherd Betsyas Betsy Albert Brooks Tomas Tom Diahnne Abbott Concession Girlas Concession Girl (as Diahnne Abbot) Frank Adu Angry Black Manas Angry Black Man Victor Argo Melioas Melio (as Vic Argo) Gino Ardito Policeman at Rallyas Policeman at Rally Garth Avery Iris' Friendas Iris' Friend Peter Boyle Wizardas Wizard Harry Cohn Cabbie in Bellmoreas Cabbie in Bellmore Copper Cunningham Hooker in Cabas Hooker in Cab Brenda Dickson Soap Opera Womanas Soap Opera Woman Harry Fischler Dispatcheras Dispatcher Nat Grant Stick-Up Manas Stick-Up Man Leonard Harris Charles Palantineas Charles Palantine Richard Higgs Tall Secret Service Manas Tall Secret Service Man Beau Kayser Soap Opera Manas Soap Opera Man Director Martin Scorsese Writer Paul Schrader All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Scarface 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.7 Goodfellas 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.2 Raging Bull 8.2 Casino 8.5 The Departed 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 Storyline Edit Travis Bickle is an ex-Marine and Vietnam War veteran living in New York City. As he suffers from insomnia, he spends his time working as a taxi driver at night, watching porn movies at seedy cinemas during the day, or thinking about how the world, New York in particular, has deteriorated into a cesspool. He's a loner who has strong opinions about what is right and wrong with mankind. For him, the one bright spot in New York humanity is Betsy, a worker on the presidential nomination campaign of Senator Charles Palantine. He becomes obsessed with her. After an incident with her, he believes he has to do whatever he needs to make the world a better place in his opinion. One of his priorities is to be the savior for Iris, a twelve-year-old runaway and prostitute who he believes wants out of the profession and under the thumb of her pimp and lover Matthew. —Huggo taxi driverchild prostitutionlonerstreet lifeneo noir454 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines On every street in every city in this country, there's a nobody who dreams of being a somebody. Genres Crime Drama Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The producers were looking for a "Cybill Shepherd" type to play the female lead in the film. When agent Sue Mengers heard this, she reportedly called them and asked why not hire Cybill Shepherd. Goofs Iris's sunglasses change from green to blue when they're having breakfast. This is a character quirk; she changes her glasses periodically, as the person Iris was modeled on did this. Quotes Travis Bickle: Loneliness has followed me my whole life, everywhere. In bars, in cars, sidewalks, stores, everywhere. There's no escape. I'm God's lonely man. Crazy credits The original television version of the film featured the following disclaimer before the closing credits: "To our Television Audience: In the aftermath of violence, the distinction between hero and villain is sometimes a matter of interpretation or misinterpretation of facts. 'Taxi Driver' suggests that tragic errors can be made.- The Filmmakers." Alternate versions Original UK cinema and video versions suffered a very brief 1 second sound cut to the scene where Iris unzips Travis's fly in the bedroom. The BBFC finally restored this cut in 1993. Connections Edited into Aristokraticheskiy kinematograf: Episode #1.1 (2011) Soundtracks Late For The Sky By Jackson Browne Courtesy of Asylum Records User reviews1.2K Review Top review 8/10 Live it and lose it Scorsese's best. Not too many hyper-critical reviews of this film have anything near as intelligent to say about what the director and the screenwriter had in mind when they created this American gem. To those people that have seen it and thought it was "slow" or the pacing was sub par, they don't know what they're talking about; "Taxi Driver" is about the gradual and eventual take-over of insanity, and not about violence, action-shoot-'em-up 'slash' car chase... or whatever they expected from it. The modern audience today is expecting everything--comedy, drama, unbearable suspense, spfx--all rolled-up into one-stop entertainment... and no, I'm not anybody's grandfather, or here to tell you that movies were great in my day, but, viewers, lighten up already. De Niro, and the rest of the cast, do a serviceable job in this micro-cosmic window into the life of Travis Bickle--a Vietnam vet--who, true, writes mind-numbing entries in his diary, leads a, for the most part, dull existance as a cabbie, and strikes out with a female political campaigner who, after Travis becomes a hero, discovers she is indeed attracted to unstable, sometimes violent chauffeurs. The rest of this movie's story is for the less initiated viewer; decide whether you've truly become desensitized to sexual and violent content in today's films... Ah, forget it! You have to have lived at least some of which goes on in "Taxi Driver," or you've just been plain lucky in this life so far. helpful•156 100 cinevox Jan 15, 2003 FAQ14 What is 'Taxi Driver' about? Is 'Taxi Driver' based on a book? What does the cab personnel officer mean by "break my chops" and ''take it on the arches'? Details Edit Release date February 9, 1976 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English Spanish Also known as 出租车司机 Filming locations 202 East 13th Street, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Columbia Pictures Bill/Phillips See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,300,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $28,262,574 Opening weekend US & Canada $116,458 Feb 19, 1996 Gross worldwide $28,570,902 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 54 minutes Sound mix Stereo Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Late Cinematographers Michael Chapman and Allen Daviau Remembered at Camerimage Film Festival Nov 16Variety Film + TV Rocky IV: Rocky vs Drago review – silly director’s cut is a losing battle Nov 12The Guardian - Film News Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.