Tenet (2020) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6723592/?ref_=tt_trv_trv
Tenet (2020) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Tenet 20202020 PG-13PG-13 2h 30m IMDb RATING 7.4/10 435K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 101 14 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:10 13 Videos 99+ Photos ActionSci-FiThriller Armed with only one word, Tenet, and fighting for the survival of the entire world, a Protagonist journeys through a twilight world of international espionage on a mission that will unfold i... Read allArmed with only one word, Tenet, and fighting for the survival of the entire world, a Protagonist journeys through a twilight world of international espionage on a mission that will unfold in something beyond real time.Armed with only one word, Tenet, and fighting for the survival of the entire world, a Protagonist journeys through a twilight world of international espionage on a mission that will unfold in something beyond real time. IMDb RATING 7.4/10 435K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 101 14 Director Christopher Nolan Writer Christopher Nolan Stars John David Washington Robert Pattinson Elizabeth Debicki Top credits Director Christopher Nolan Writer Christopher Nolan Stars John David Washington Robert Pattinson Elizabeth Debicki See production, box office & company info 5.2KUser reviews 497Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 46 wins & 134 nominations total Videos13 Trailer 3:10 Final Trailer Trailer 2:51 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:17 Official Trailer Trailer 2:03 Tenet Trailer 2:59 Trailer 2 Clip 1:02 Art of the Crew | Production Design Clip 5:09 'Tenet' Fan Theories: What We Got Right (and Wrong) Clip 2:03 A Guide to the Films of Christopher Nolan Clip 2:55 What We Know About Christopher Nolan's 'Tenet' Clip 2:55 What We Know About Christopher Nolan's 'Tenet' | Hindi Dubbed Clip 2:55 What We Know About 'Tenet' ... So Far Clip 3:55 The Rise of John David Washington Photos294 Top cast Edit John David Washington Protagonistas Protagonist Robert Pattinson Neilas Neil Elizabeth Debicki Katas Kat Juhan Ulfsak Passengeras Passenger Jefferson Hall Well-Dressed Manas Well-Dressed Man Ivo Uukkivi Uniformed Officialas Uniformed Official Andrew Howard Driveras Driver Rich Ceraulo Ko SWATas SWAT… Jonathan Camp SWAT 2as SWAT 2 Wes Chatham SWAT 3as SWAT 3 Sander Rebane Ukrainian SWATas Ukrainian SWAT Martin Donovan Fayas Fay Clémence Poésy Barbaraas Barbara Josh Stewart Male Voiceas Male Voice (voice) Dimple Kapadia Priyaas Priya Denzil Smith Sanjayas Sanjay Jeremy Theobald Stewardas Steward Michael Caine Crosbyas Crosby Director Christopher Nolan Writer Christopher Nolan All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.8 Dunkirk 8.8 Inception 8.6 Interstellar 8.4 The Dark Knight Rises 7.6 Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood 7.9 Knives Out 8.4 Joker 8.5 The Prestige 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.2 Batman Begins 8.4 Avengers: Endgame 8.4 Memento Storyline Edit In a twilight world of international espionage, an unnamed CIA operative, known as The Protagonist, is recruited by a mysterious organization called Tenet to participate in a global assignment that unfolds beyond real time. The mission: prevent Andrei Sator, a renegade Russian oligarch with precognition abilities, from starting World War III. The Protagonist will soon master the art of "time inversion" as a way of countering the threat that is to come. —jesusblack-91294 time paradoxtime reversalcar chaseespionagebearded man478 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Time Runs Out Genres Action Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action, some suggestive references and brief strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The production team purchased and then crashed a real 747 airplane into a hangar. The stunt was all practical effects, with no visual effects or CGI. Director Christopher Nolan had originally planned to use miniatures and set-piece builds. However, while scouting for locations in Victorville, California, the team discovered a massive array of old planes, and it became apparent that it would actually be more efficient to buy a real plane of the real size and to perform the sequence for real on camera. Goofs On many occasions during the movie, some characters are manipulating gold bars too easily relatively to the gold's density. The larger gold bars from the plane scene weigh about 20kg and would not be easily picked up with one hand. The smaller bars from the crate would weigh about 5kg. Quotes The Protagonist: You wanna crash a plane? Neil: Well, not from the air. Don't be so dramatic. The Protagonist: ...well, how big a plane? Neil: That part is a little dramatic. Crazy credits The Warner Bros and Syncopy logos are respectively shaded red and blue, the colors used in the film to represent normal/inverted time. Alternate versions The United Kingdom subsidiary of Warner Bros. to maximize their UK cinema audiences, made their "Distributors Cuts" as recommended by the BBFC, to remove 9.3 seconds of footage from the cinema theatrical version, to secure their preferred "12A BBFC" rating. Removed from 72:34 until 72:43 minutes, showing Sator (Kenneth Branagh) during a violent fight, repeatedly kicking his wife Kat (Elizabeth Debicki). When the original 150:00 minutes version was seen for advice, the BBFC indicated that for the uncut version, the "15 BBFC" rating was likely. The "12A BBFC" rating version was later released on home video in the UK, with the "12 BBFC" rating. Connections Featured in AniMat's Crazy Cartoon Cast: Oh Boy! More Movies Delayed! (2020) Soundtracks The Plan Written by Travis Scott (as Jacques Webster), Wonda Gurl (as Ebony Naomi Oshunrinde) and Ludwig Göransson Performed by Travis Scott Produced by Ludwig Göransson and Wonda Gurl Travis Scott appears courtesy of Cactus Jack/Epic Records By arrangement with Sony Music Entertainment User reviews5.2K Review Top review 7/10 Be patient If you are expecting the adrenaline you got with Inception, look no further. If you are looking to be able to follow this film on the first viewing like you did with Inception, maybe not so much. I would put this film one level higher in complexity than Inception, as Inception was complex but pretty intuitive. This film CAN be intuitive, but unless you want to wait for the Blu Ray, you're going to have to shell out to see it multiple times to actually get a better understanding of the plot's finer points. A more logistical thing to comment on: it seems the audio mix is lacking. I originally thought it was my theater (voices seem to carry too much bass, making them hard to understand; however, Studio Movie Grill plays this film very, very loud, which I love because it makes the gunfire far more realistic), but others have complained about this as well. I am hoping that the blu ray will be remastered so that this is not an issue. With all this being said, be patient. This film is great and I have a strong feeling you will not be disappointed. It is classic Nolan doing what he does best. It is intricate, spares no expense, and it is by no means lazy. Once the BR comes out, it may actually turn into one his his best so far. helpful•79 50 brandoncjenkins Sep 12, 2020 FAQ22 Who has the most screen time in the movie? Why does the aspect ratio change in the film and does it affect the story in any way? Details Edit Release date September 4, 2020 (China) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Languages English Russian Ukrainian Estonian Norwegian Hindi Also known as 信条 Filming locations Linnahall, Tallinn, Estonia Production companies Warner Bros. Syncopy Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $205,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $58,456,624 Opening weekend US & Canada $9,353,090 Sep 6, 2020 Gross worldwide $363,656,624 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 30 minutes Color Color Sound mix IMAX 6-Track Dolby Digital Sonics-DDP Datasat Aspect ratio 2.20 : 1 Related news Tencent’s First ‘Three-Body Problem’ Trailer Sparks Rivalry With Netflix’s Adaptation Nov 10Variety Film + TV Jamie Dornan, Kristen Stewart Among Presenters at 11th Hamilton Behind the Camera Awards, Hosted by Yvonne Orji (Exclusive) Nov 4Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.