Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103064/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_34
Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Terminator 2: Judgment Day 19911991 RR 2h 17m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 520 98 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:34 18 Videos 99+ Photos ActionSci-Fi A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her ten-year-old son John from a more advanced and powerful cyborg.A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her ten-year-old son John from a more advanced and powerful cyborg.A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her ten-year-old son John from a more advanced and powerful cyborg. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 520 98 Director James Cameron Writers James Cameron William Wisher Stars Arnold Schwarzenegger Linda Hamilton Edward Furlong Top credits Director James Cameron Writers James Cameron William Wisher Stars Arnold Schwarzenegger Linda Hamilton Edward Furlong See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 313Critic reviews 75Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #34 Won 4 Oscars 36 wins & 33 nominations total Videos18 Trailer 1:34 Re-release Trailer Trailer 1:37 Terminator 2: Judgment Day: 3D Clip 1:48 'Terminator 2: Judgment Day' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 4:04 'The Platform' & Future Films From the IMDb Top 250 Clip 2:09 How Mackenzie Davis Expands the 'Terminator' Universe Clip 2:21 The Evolution of Sarah Connor & The Terminator Clip 2:29 Top Gun! Terminator! The '80s Live at SDCC Clip 4:20 Dark Fate for Terminator Franchise or a Requel That Works? Clip 3:27 What We Know About 'Terminator: Dark Fate' ... So Far Clip 1:27 A Guide to the Films of James Cameron Clip 0:53 Skynet Edition Clip: Picture In Picture Clip 0:42 Skynet Edition Clip: Quiz Game Photos431 Top cast Edit Arnold Schwarzenegger The Terminatoras The Terminator Linda Hamilton Sarah Connoras Sarah Connor Edward Furlong John Connoras John Connor Robert Patrick T-1000as T-1000 Earl Boen Dr. Silbermanas Dr. Silberman Joe Morton Miles Dysonas Miles Dyson S. Epatha Merkerson Tarissa Dysonas Tarissa Dyson Castulo Guerra Enrique Salcedaas Enrique Salceda Danny Cooksey Timas Tim Jenette Goldstein Janelle Voightas Janelle Voight Xander Berkeley Todd Voightas Todd Voight Leslie Hamilton Gearren Twin Sarahas Twin Sarah Ken Gibbel Douglasas Douglas Robert Winley Cigar Bikeras Cigar Biker Peter Schrum Lloydas Lloyd (as Pete Schrum) Shane Wilder Truckeras Trucker Michael Edwards Old John Connoras Old John Connor Jared Lounsbery Kidas Kid Director James Cameron Writers James Cameron William Wisher All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro 'Dark Fate' for the 'Terminator' Franchise? 'Dark Fate' for the 'Terminator' Franchise? Let's break down the first Terminator: Dark Fate trailer and what's happened since Judgment Day.Get the Requel Buzz 4:20 More like this 8.0 The Terminator 8.5 Back to the Future 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.6 Star Wars 8.4 Alien 8.4 Raiders of the Lost Ark 8.7 The Matrix 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.5 Gladiator 6.3 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines 8.8 The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Storyline Edit Over 10 years have passed since the first machine called The Terminator tried to kill Sarah Connor and her unborn son, John. The man who will become the future leader of the human resistance against the Machines is now a healthy young boy. However, another Terminator, called the T-1000, is sent back through time by the supercomputer Skynet. This new Terminator is more advanced and more powerful than its predecessor and its mission is to kill John Connor when he's still a child. However, Sarah and John do not have to face the threat of the T-1000 alone. Another Terminator (identical to the same model that tried and failed to kill Sarah Connor in 1984) is also sent back through time to protect them. Now, the battle for tomorrow has begun. —Eric ggg time travelfutureartificial intelligencemother son relationshipsequel790 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It's nothing personal. Genres Action Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sci-fi action and violence, and for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Robert Patrick trained in a rigorous running regimen while breathing only through his nose, in order to be able to appear to run at high speeds without showing fatigue on film. He had trained so hard that he was able to catch up with Edward Furlong on his dirtbike with great ease, so he had to slow down considerably. Goofs After the Terminator's mechanical arm is freed from the cog, his real arm covered with a black sock is visible under his leather jacket. The outline of a wrist watch under the sock is also visible. Quotes The Terminator: Hasta la vista, baby. Crazy credits Play the Nintendo Game from Acclaim/Lin Entertainment Alternate versions On the 'Ultimate Edition' DVD as well as the 'Skynet Edition' Blu-ray, there are three versions of the film, albeit only two at the menu, the Theatrical and Special Edition versions. However, highlighting the 'Special Edition' option and keying in '82997' (August 29, 1997), will open a Extended Special Edition Option, with the T-1000 searching John's room and an Alternate ending added on and replaced. Some DVD players may need to push ENTER between each digit. Connections Edited into Commercial Entertainment Product (1992) Soundtracks You Could Be Mine (1991) Performed by Guns N' Roses Written by Izzy Stradlin and Axl Rose Published by Guns N' Roses Music (ASCAP) Courtesy of Geffen Records User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 the best action film of all time, and NOT due to the CGI Disclaimer: If you are a viewer that mainly prefers arthouse-type movies, then you might as well ignore this review. In addition, if you're not able to take a few sci-fi leaps of faith, ignore this review, as well. We'll both be better off. This is the finest action movie of all time. And, yet, believe it or not, it's not the action in the film itself that makes this be the case. This is especially odd in a movie with a $100 million budget (in 1991!), with multiple huge explosions, with thousands of bullets fired, and scores of stuntmen used. This movie is what it is, a perfect 10, because it takes the vision of one of the most imaginative directors on Earth, and realizes them almost perfectly with all the tools that fit the task -- actors, stunts, puppetry, models, and CG. Without the vision, this film would be nothing. Without the tools, this film would be nothing. But, a little bit of background is due. This is the sequel to the Terminator (1984), whose premise was that a near-indestructible cyborg is sent by evil self-aware machines from the near future to destroy the mother-to-be of the military commander who would lead the humans to a victory over the machines. Oh, and this terminator machine would come from a time of war between men and machines which followed a nuclear exchange that left billions of people dead, first. In Terminator 2, John Connor (the commander-to-be) is about 12 years old, and his mother (Sarah) is feverishly trying to prepare him for his fate, even as she tries to stop the factors that will lead to the nuclear war and the entire terrible future that made all this necessary. The machines now send a superior, more intelligent, shape-shifting cyborg (T1000) into the past, to kill John himself. Meanwhile, future-John reprograms the ex-evil Terminator (T101) from the original film, and sends him into the past to PROTECT John against the T1000. That's your basic plot. It does involve travel into the past, so it immediately presents a time-travel paradox which can't really be resolved. In order to even try watching this movie, you MUST LOOK PAST THE PARADOX. If you don't, this movie has zero credibility, and is not worth your time. What happens after the two terminators appear in the past is a wild ride rife with macho action, dark reflection on the nature of man, and a few rays of hope, here and there. Schwarzenegger (the good terminator) and Patrick (the bad one) make for such effective foes that the times they meet on-screen are completely breathtaking (and odd, given that you repeatedly see the relatively slim T1000 through Arnie through a wall or two). Hamilton, as Sarah Connor, is a wonderful character -- tough beyond all belief and completely focussed on preventing the nuclear war and ensuring John's safety, yet clearly a little out of her mind with paranoia and anger; amazingly, you see actual character development (specifically, when John and T101 arrive at Dyson's house to prevent her from doing what she wants to) in her otherwise 2-dimensional character. And Furlong, as John, is not bad himself as the extroverted kid who's confused by the fact that everyone except his mom tell him his entire upbringing was based on a lie. The bit players all do their jobs well, particularly Earl Boen who plays the semi-sadistic mental hospital warden that stands between Sarah Connor and her son (until the T1000 makes a chilling entrance). With these players set in motion, it's up to the script to deliver the real substance of the movie. (One often sees great performances in mediocre films... here the story transcends the performances -- an impressive feat.) The script delivers. The film is absolutely filled with great, classic moments (I counted TEN all-star ones during my last viewing), and they're evenly spaced through the movie. I mean, who doesn't cheer (at least inside) when Arnold steps out of the biker bar, fully clad in leather when "Bad to the Bone" music starts to blast? The guy absolutely bleeds coolness. And the T1000 absolutely bleeds evil. But, with so many great moments, you'd think the pacing would be a little uneven... not really! The film shifts from place to place with an ease that makes perfect sense, never giving you the time to start being a little nitpicking jerk, always driving forward, but always doing so thoughtfully and with attention to detail. Of course, this wouldn't be an action movie without some action. There's plenty of it, and it's perfectly done. The CG effects for the shape-shifting T1000 were cutting-edge for the time, and still look great (whoever said differently below is simply incorrect) -- even if they're completely commonplace today. The stunts are completely insane in scale (at one point, a helicopter flies under a highway overpass; at another, a motorcycle jumps from the 2nd floor of a building into a flying chopper). (Probably, only the Matrix and the Lord of the Rings movies compare in terms of the level of stunt insanity.) And the gunplay is delivered in perfect Cameron-Schwarzenegger style (as opposed to the slo-mo John Woo-style) -- you'll see lots of heavy automatic and explosive weapons, and you'll see them used well. The film is violent, and somewhat bloody, but ALL of the mean-spirited violence is dealt by the evil characters, not the ones you root for (Quentin Tarantino fans: sorry). And then the truly amazing scenes that bypass acting are shocking and memorable -- just wait until the nuclear detonation sequence. I'm not sure what else you would want in a movie. Probably moral content, and the movie has a very clear pro-human, anti-war message. The message is a bit stale, and the delivery IS, at times, a little heavy-handed (and some moments with the T101 seem just a bit unrealistic, towards the end), but the movie has heart, and that you cannot deny. Plus, it simply rocks. 10/10 helpful•809 138 red_core Feb 23, 2004 FAQ87 Why does the T-1000 say "I know this hurts" to Sarah? It had already sampled her to imitate her. Is The Terminator a hero? How did Miles die? And did his wife and son ever knew? Details Edit Release date July 3, 1991 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Facebook Official site (3D re-release) (Germany) Languages English Spanish Also known as 终结者2：审判日 Filming locations Bayside Parkway & Gateway Blvd., Fremont, California, USA Production companies Carolco Pictures Pacific Western Lightstorm Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $102,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $205,881,154 Opening weekend US & Canada $31,765,506 Jul 7, 1991 Gross worldwide $520,881,154 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 17 minutes Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Joe Henderson, Georgia Lee, Matt Owens Sign Netflix First Look Deal via Magic Quill Productions Nov 16Variety Film + TV 10 Best Movie References In This Is The End Nov 7ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.