Texas Rangers (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0193560/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Texas Rangers (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Texas Rangers 20012001 PG-13PG-13 1h 30m IMDb RATING 5.2/10 5.8K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,101 4,600 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:16 2 Videos 28 Photos ActionAdventureDrama A ragtag group of youngsters band together after the American Civil War to form the Texas Rangers, a group charged with the dangerous, ruthless duty of cleaning up the West.A ragtag group of youngsters band together after the American Civil War to form the Texas Rangers, a group charged with the dangerous, ruthless duty of cleaning up the West.A ragtag group of youngsters band together after the American Civil War to form the Texas Rangers, a group charged with the dangerous, ruthless duty of cleaning up the West. IMDb RATING 5.2/10 5.8K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,101 4,600 Director Steve Miner Writers George Durham(book "Taming of the Neuces Strip: The Story of McNelly's Rangers") Scott Busby Martin Copeland Stars James Van Der Beek Rachael Leigh Cook Ashton Kutcher Top credits Director Steve Miner Writers George Durham(book "Taming of the Neuces Strip: The Story of McNelly's Rangers") Scott Busby Martin Copeland Stars James Van Der Beek Rachael Leigh Cook Ashton Kutcher See production, box office & company info 77User reviews 26Critic reviews 29Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos2 Trailer 1:16 Texas Rangers Trailer 1:41 Texas Rangers Photos28 Top cast Edit James Van Der Beek Lincoln Rogers Dunnisonas Lincoln Rogers Dunnison Rachael Leigh Cook Caroline Dukesas Caroline Dukes Ashton Kutcher George Durhamas George Durham Dylan McDermott Leander McNellyas Leander McNelly Usher Randolph Douglas Scipioas Randolph Douglas Scipio (as Usher Raymond) Tom Skerritt Richard Dukesas Richard Dukes Randy Travis Frank Bonesas Frank Bones Leonor Varela Perditaas Perdita Brian Martell Jean-Pierre Marseleas Jean-Pierre Marsele Alfred Molina John King Fisheras John King Fisher Billy Morton Abajoas Abajo Kate Newby Henrietta Dukesas Henrietta Dukes Robert Patrick Sgt. John Armstrongas Sgt. John Armstrong Gordon Michaels Mariachi Guardas Mariachi Guard Joe Renteria General Cortinasas General Cortinas Jon Abrahams Berry Smithas Berry Smith Bob Bancroft Auctioneeras Auctioneer Stephen Bridgewater Older Rangeras Older Ranger Director Steve Miner Writers George Durham(book "Taming of the Neuces Strip: The Story of McNelly's Rangers") Scott Busby Martin Copeland All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 Montford: The Chickasaw Rancher 7.1 Te Ata 6.3 Faith of My Fathers 7.2 Dead Man's Walk 5.2 Seized 6.2 Shadow on the Mesa 5.1 The Long Ride Home 5.9 The Cowboy Way 6.1 Sherwood's Travels 5.6 Fire with Fire 5.1 The Shooter The Exorcism at Lincoln High Storyline Edit Set after the American Civil War in the 1870s, 'Texas Rangers' is a story about a group of men determined to maintain peace and contain the chaos that is erupting on the Texan frontier. Native Americans are attempting to reclaim their land, Mexicans are pouring over the U.S. border, and renegade outlaws are tearing up the state, so the Texas Rangers swear to protect the innocent and their loved. To do so, they must be willing to maintain the peace where law enforcement cannot, fight while they are out-manned and out-armed by the opponent, and be willing to die for the freedom for which they fight. —Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> disneyalliance atlantismexican in the united statesmexican stereotypetexas119 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Count Your Bullets. Genres Action Adventure Drama Thriller Western Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for western violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film was in development for many, many years. In its earliest stages, it was planned as a directorial project for Sam Peckinpah. Goofs The film is supposed to take place along the Nueces Strip, the coastal line from Nueces County to Brownsville. However, the film frequently shows hills and mountains, which are not found within 200 miles of the Nueces Strip. Quotes Leander McNelly: [coughing, in pain] The Lord is comin' for me, Mr Dunnison. Lincoln Rogers Dunnison: [confused] Then why ride? Leander McNelly: I figure it's best I walk to meet him. Connections Referenced in Micmacs à tire-larigot (2009) User reviews77 Review Top review Oliver Stone could not have deviated further from the truth. From the opening shots through every scene acted out afterward NOTHING that is depicted in this movie EVER happened. It is a worse distortion than "Tombstone." I don't know where to start. For openers, the actor portraying McNelly admonishes a Ranger who is about to leave the service that he is "riding a Ranger horse and saddle, wearing Ranger clothes and carrying a Ranger gun," and if he leaves he will be arrested for theft. Anyone who knows squat about the Rangers of that day knows they had to bring their own horse, tack, weapons and clothes and then they would be considered for the service. Using Ranger badges for target practice is absurd beyond words. At that time the Rangers HAD NO badges. Just a letter stating they were Rangers. The makers of this movie either did not know or care. All a Ranger had to do to quit is ride away with what he brought. Also, John "King" Fisher was not a Mexican. He never shot down a crowd at a cattle auction. Leander McNelly's assignment in the Nueces Strip was to stop Mexican raiders from stealing cattle in Texas. His run in with John "King" Fisher was incidental and no shots were fired. McNelly and his men rode out to Fisher's ranch, arrested him and turned him over to a local sheriff. Days later they met Fisher and some of his men on the trail. Turns out Fisher had a friend who was a local judge and the judge let him bond out. McNelly had no authority to override that and Fisher went free for a time. The Black man McNelly took into his band was a former slave named Ben Kinchlow. He was hired as a tracker at no pay,just meals and equipment. When the shooting started between McNelly and the Mexican raiders, Kinchlow held the horses. The Mexican General was an officer in the Ruales, not the Mexican army, and he had no connection with Fisher. He was killed in the first shoot out with McNelly's men. The pistols McNelly's men used were black powder five shot revolvers. The pistols used in the movie had not been invented at the time. The rifles they used were single shot, black powder muzzle loaders. It wasn't until around three years after McNelly raided Mexico that the Rangers were given 1873 Winchesters. Over all the movie is an almost amusing "western" shoot-'em-up. The kind kids paid 15 cents to see back in the 1950s. It has nothing to do with the Texas Rangers. I don't know where the movie was filmed, but I know the land from Corpus Christi to Brownsville to the Rio Grande and is is an ancient sea bed, flat as a football field as far as you can see. This movie could have been titled "Leo Gorcey and the Dead End Kids" and the title would have been no more non-related than calling it "Texas Rangers." helpful•19 16 revtg1-2 Jun 19, 2008 Details Edit Release date November 30, 2001 (United States) Countries of origin United States Mexico Language English Also known as Техаські рейнджери Filming locations Durango, Mexico Production companies Greisman Productions Larry Levinson Productions Price Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $38,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $623,374 Opening weekend US & Canada $319,516 Dec 2, 2001 Gross worldwide $763,740 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 30 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Max Thieriot: Seal Team Star Prepping Cal Fire Drama for CBS Nov 16TVfanatic ‘Cal Fire’ Drama From Max Thieriot, Tony Phelan, Joan Rater & Jerry Bruckheimer Television In Works At CBS Nov 15Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Texas Rangers (2001) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.