The Shining (1980) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081505/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_64
The Shining (1980) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Shining 19801980 RR 2h 26m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 954K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 242 168 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:54 17 Videos 99+ Photos DramaHorror A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from both past and future.A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from both past and future.A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from both past and future. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 954K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 242 168 Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stephen King(based upon the novel by) Stanley Kubrick(screenplay by) Diane Johnson(screenplay by) Stars Jack Nicholson Shelley Duvall Danny Lloyd Top credits Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stephen King(based upon the novel by) Stanley Kubrick(screenplay by) Diane Johnson(screenplay by) Stars Jack Nicholson Shelley Duvall Danny Lloyd See production, box office & company info 2KUser reviews 364Critic reviews 66Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #64 Awards 4 wins & 8 nominations Videos17 Trailer 0:54 The Shining Trailer 1:30 The Shining Clip 4:35 Stream & Scream: The Best Haunted Houses Clip 3:36 How "The Umbrella Academy" Survives 1960s Dallas in Season 2 Clip 1:51 'The Shining' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 3:51 Watch Like a Pro: Giancarlo Esposito's Ultimate Villain Watchlist Clip 2:56 'Doctor Sleep' Brings 'The Shining' Back to Life Clip 2:29 Top Gun! Terminator! The '80s Live at SDCC Clip 3:41 '80s Movie Quiz With "Stranger Things" Star Gaten Matarazzo Clip 2:38 IMDbrief: Candyman, Chucky, & More Horror Reboots Coming for You Clip 2:14 IMDbrief: Best Halloween Screams to Stream Clip 1:38 A Guide to the Films of Stanley Kubrick Photos352 Top cast Edit Jack Nicholson Jack Torranceas Jack Torrance Shelley Duvall Wendy Torranceas Wendy Torrance Danny Lloyd Dannyas Danny Scatman Crothers Hallorannas Hallorann Barry Nelson Ullmanas Ullman Philip Stone Gradyas Grady Joe Turkel Lloydas Lloyd Anne Jackson Doctoras Doctor Tony Burton Durkinas Durkin Lia Beldam Young Woman in Bathas Young Woman in Bath Billie Gibson Old Woman in Bathas Old Woman in Bath Barry Dennen Watsonas Watson David Baxt Forest Ranger 1as Forest Ranger 1 Manning Redwood Forest Ranger 2as Forest Ranger 2 Lisa Burns Grady Daughteras Grady Daughter Louise Burns Grady Daughteras Grady Daughter Robin Pappas Nurseas Nurse Alison Coleridge Secretaryas Secretary Director Stanley Kubrick Writers Stephen King(based upon the novel by) Stanley Kubrick(screenplay by) Diane Johnson(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.6 Se7en 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.5 Psycho 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.2 Taxi Driver 7.3 Doctor Sleep Storyline Edit Haunted by a persistent writer's block, the aspiring author and recovering alcoholic, Jack Torrance, drags his wife, Wendy, and his gifted son, Danny, up snow-capped Colorado's secluded Overlook Hotel after taking up a job as an off-season caretaker. As the cavernous hotel shuts down for the season, the manager gives Jack a grand tour, and the facility's chef, the ageing Mr Hallorann, has a fascinating chat with Danny about a rare psychic gift called "The Shining", making sure to warn him about the hotel's abandoned rooms, and, in particular, the off-limits Room 237. However, instead of overcoming the dismal creative rut, little by little, Jack starts losing his mind, trapped in an unforgiving environment of seemingly endless snowstorms, and a gargantuan silent prison riddled with strange occurrences and eerie visions. Now, the incessant voices inside Jack's head demand sacrifice. Is Jack capable of murder? —Nick Riganas haunted hotellabyrinthhotelidentical twinstypewriter219 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Iconic terror from the No 1 bestselling writer. Genres Drama Horror Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for disturbing violent content and behavior, bloody images, graphic nudity, and strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia For the scene in which Jack breaks down the bathroom door, the props department built a door that could be easily broken. However, Jack Nicholson had worked as a volunteer fire marshal and tore it apart far too easily. The props department were then forced to build a stronger door. Goofs When Jack is using the ax to break through the door, he only breaks through one of the recessed panels and says, "Here's Johnny". But when he hears the snowmobile and turns, and the shot changes, two of the panels are gone without him using the ax on them. Quotes Jack Torrance: Here's Johnny! Crazy credits The party music plays over the closing credits. After it ends, we hear the Overlook Hotel ghosts applaud. They then talk amongst themselves until their voices fade away. Alternate versions ABC edited 4 minutes from the film for its 1983 network television premiere. Connections Edited into Hai-Kubrick (1999) Soundtracks The Shining (Main Title) Written by Wendy Carlos and Rachel Elkind Performed by Wendy Carlos and Rachel Elkind Based on "Dream of a Witches' Sabbath" from Symphonie fantastique by Hector Berlioz and traditional requiem "Dies Irae" User reviews2K Review Top review 8/10 One of the scariest movies ever---8/10 I was never a big fan of horror movies. They usually try cheap tricks to scare their audiences like loud noises and creepy children. They usually lack originality and contain overacting galore. The only horror movie i like was Stir of Echoes with Kevin Bacon. It was well-acted, and had a great story. But it has been joined and maybe even surpassed by Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, quite possibly the scariest movie ever. The movie follows a writer (Jack Nicholson) and his family who agree to watch over a hotel while it is closed for the winter. There were rumors of the place being haunted and the last resident went crazy and murdered his family. But Jack is convinced it will be OK and he can use the quiet to overcome his writer's block. After months of solitude and silence however, Jack becomes a grumpy and later violent. Is it cabin fever or is there something in the hotel that is driving him mad? One of the creepiest parts about the movie is the feeling of isolation that Kubrick makes. The hotel is very silent, and the rooms are huge, yet always empty. It is also eerily calm when Jack's son is riding his bike through the barren hallways. Jack Nicholson's performance is also one of his very best, scaring the hell out of me and making me sure to get out once in awhile. My favorite scene is when he is talking to a ghost from inside a walk-in refrigerator. The Shining is tops for horror movies in my opinion, beating the snot out of crap like the Ring and The Blair Witch Project. It may be a oldie, but is definitely a goodie. 8/10 helpful•213 138 Sfpsycho415 Feb 28, 2005 FAQ44 What is the name of the actor who played the Man in the Bear Costume? If Stephen King hated this movie, why did he completely back a Direct Sequel to this movie? Did Jack try to kill his family because he went insane or because he sold his sole for a drink? Details Edit Release date June 13, 1980 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 闪灵 Filming locations Timberline Lodge, Mount Hood, Oregon, USA Production companies Warner Bros. Hawk Films Peregrine See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $19,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $45,332,952 Opening weekend US & Canada $622,337 May 26, 1980 Gross worldwide $46,998,772 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 26 minutes Color Color Sound mix Mono Related news Johannes Roberts Nov 16Trailers from Hell Which Blade Runner Cut Is Really the Best? Nov 11Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Shining (1980) in Spain?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.