The Wolf of Wall Street (2013) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0993846/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_141
The Wolf of Wall Street (2013) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Wolf of Wall Street 20132013 RR 3h IMDb RATING 8.2/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 100 34 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:34 11 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyComedyCrime Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 100 34 Director Martin Scorsese Writers Terence Winter(screenplay) Jordan Belfort(book) Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Jonah Hill Margot Robbie Top credits Director Martin Scorsese Writers Terence Winter(screenplay) Jordan Belfort(book) Stars Leonardo DiCaprio Jonah Hill Margot Robbie See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 406Critic reviews 75Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #141 Nominated for 5 Oscars 37 wins & 179 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 2:34 Trailer #2 Trailer 2:15 Trailer #1 Trailer 2:32 The Wolf of Wall Street Clip 2:06 A Guide to the Films of Martin Scorsese Clip 0:48 Thomas Middleditch Wants Leonardo DiCaprio to Rock Him Like a Baby Clip 0:56 Exclusive Clip Clip 1:01 "You Work for Me" Video 2:57 Which Roles Did Margot Robbie Turn Down? Video 4:07 What Roles Did Leonardo DiCaprio Almost Play? Video 1:49 Which Movie Character Would You Kiss on New Year's Eve? Video 2:03 Mackenzie Foy Has Some Big Plans for Keira Knightley and Robert Pattinson Photos410 Top cast Edit Leonardo DiCaprio Jordan Belfortas Jordan Belfort Jonah Hill Donnie Azoffas Donnie Azoff Margot Robbie Naomi Lapagliaas Naomi Lapaglia Matthew McConaughey Mark Hannaas Mark Hanna Kyle Chandler Agent Patrick Denhamas Agent Patrick Denham Rob Reiner Max Belfortas Max Belfort Jon Bernthal Bradas Brad Jon Favreau Manny Riskinas Manny Riskin Jean Dujardin Jean Jacques Saurelas Jean Jacques Saurel Joanna Lumley Aunt Emmaas Aunt Emma Cristin Milioti Teresa Petrilloas Teresa Petrillo Christine Ebersole Leah Belfortas Leah Belfort Shea Whigham Captain Ted Beechamas Captain Ted Beecham Katarina Cas Chantalleas Chantalle P.J. Byrne Nicky Koskoff ('Rugrat')as Nicky Koskoff ('Rugrat') Kenneth Choi Chester Mingas Chester Ming Brian Sacca Robbie Feinberg ('Pinhead')as Robbie Feinberg ('Pinhead') Henry Zebrowski Alden Kupferberg ('Sea Otter')as Alden Kupferberg ('Sea Otter') Director Martin Scorsese Writers Terence Winter(screenplay) Jordan Belfort(book) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Leonardo DiCaprio Through the Years Leonardo DiCaprio Through the Years Take a look back at Leonardo DiCaprio's movie career in photos.See more Leonardo More like this 8.4 Django Unchained 8.2 Shutter Island 8.8 Inception 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.4 Joker 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.8 Fight Club 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.6 Interstellar 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.6 Se7en Storyline Edit In the early 1990s, Jordan Belfort teamed with his partner Donny Azoff and started brokerage firm Stratton Oakmont. Their company quickly grows from a staff of 20 to a staff of more than 250 and their status in the trading community and Wall Street grows exponentially. So much that companies file their initial public offerings through them. As their status grows, so do the amount of substances they abuse, and so do their lies. They draw attention like no other, throwing lavish parties for their staff when they hit the jackpot on high trades. That ultimately leads to Belfort featured on the cover of Forbes Magazine, being called "The Wolf Of Wall St.". With the FBI onto Belfort's trading schemes, he devises new ways to cover his tracks and watch his fortune grow. Belfort ultimately comes up with a scheme to stash their cash in a European bank. But with the FBI watching him like a hawk, how long will Belfort and Azoff be able to maintain their elaborate wealth and luxurious lifestyles? —halo1k based on true storystockbrokerfellatiofemale nudityextramarital affair814 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Earn. Spend. Party. Genres Biography Comedy Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for sequences of strong sexual content, graphic nudity, drug use and language throughout, and for some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The actors snorted crushed B vitamins for scenes that involved cocaine. Jonah Hill claimed that he eventually became sick with bronchitis after so much inhaling and had to be hospitalized. Goofs During the Black Monday crash of 1987 all of the digital tickers in the background are green - which means the market is going up. Quotes Jordan Belfort: Let me tell you something. There's no nobility in poverty. I have been a rich man and I have been a poor man. And I choose rich every fuckin' time. Because, at least as a rich man, when I have to face my problems, I show up in the back of the limo, wearing a $2000 suit and a $40,000 gold fuckin' watch. Crazy credits The film opens with a Stratton Oakmont advertisement hosted by Jordan Belfort. The film title appears only at the ending. Alternate versions News reports in local media have said the version of the movie showing in Abu Dhabi cinemas removes 45 minutes of content. Aside from nudity and sexual situations, most of the edits come from the film's 600+ curse words. Time Out Abu Dhabi reported offensive language was removed by "either by muting the audio temporarily or chopping chunks from scenes mid sentence, which produces a jarring effect for viewers." Connections Featured in The Daily Show: Jonah Hill (2013) Soundtracks Stratton Oakmont Composed by Theodore Shapiro User reviews1.6K Review Top review High energy and wonderfully excessive as it delivers an engaging true story, but the lack of morality anywhere was a limiting factor This film arrived in the UK with awards and Oscar nominations all around it, adding an expectation which it really didn't need adding since even without any of that it is ultimately a Scorsese film with a big name cast. It also arrives with some other stuff because the film has been criticized for near glamorization of the excesses that Belfort was able to experience with his ill-gotten funds and, to be honest, it is an impression that isn't helped when you consider that this film was put forward to the Golden Globes in the Musical/Comedy section. Now I am sure that was a political move by the studio, but it does say something about the film because indeed for most of it we have stuff so unbelievable and so excessive that it is hard not to laugh at it. It is hard not to enjoy it. And this is a problem, because the first 2 hours and a bit of this film is really engaging and enchanting in how much of a rush it gives you, how enticing it is and just how much vibrant energy it all has. The viewer is swept along and I guess to a point this is the film doing its job well because not only are we being told a story but we are first hand seeing how easy it is to get caught up in the grab for success, for money, for status. In this regard the film works really well because throughout the film I really was glad to be part of it and wanted it for myself; I don't think the film goes out of its way to glamorize this excess and this life, but for sure it doesn't do much to balance it – and this really is my problem with the film. The structure, subjects and delivery of this film is so inherently similar to Goodfellas that it is hard not to mention it. If you remember the opening of Goodfellas you'll remember that it opens with a memorably violent scene where an near-dead man in the back of a car is stabbed by Hill and his colleagues in a scene that is oppressive and violent but yet ends with the narration telling us "as far back as I can remember I wanted to be a gangster" and snaps to credits under a big track from Tony Bennett. This scene is important because it works as a microcosm of the whole film – the appeal but also the cost, all in one place. Wolf of Wall Street never has any of that and it hurts it. I suspect the message of the film is that our financial systems are screwed and that ultimately the rich will never be in the same world as the average person, because this is what I took from the rather sobering final scenes. However if this is the point it is trying to make then it really hurts itself with the rest of the film seeming to say "so why not get on board". I know this is not the case but the lack of a "point" or an agenda it the film means that it naturally fills it with its own, which is a weird feeling. But then again – I guess it is a comedy. So the infamous Quaalude scene is not horrific but rather hilarious, the scenes of excess and of criminality are not equally appealing and repulsive – they are almost totally appealing, we hardly get the other side or get to see a victim here, and a few seconds on the subway with the FBI agent really does nothing but yet again make the suggestion that "it's all broken so why not at least get rich yourself". Getting away from this, it is a well made film. Scorsese makes this award season's second film to owe a massive debt to Goodfellas (American Hustle being the other) and he directs the film with energy; music is used well as one would expect and the editing makes the film pop. DiCaprio is great in the lead – OK he doesn't find the heart of the character, but the film doesn't ask him to. Instead he is charismatic and energetic, drawing the viewer in and giving the film its energy. The supporting cast is deep with names and familiar faces and it is a statement about how well the film holds the viewer, because it isn't distracting no matter how many famous faces or supporting character from TV appear (although I did notice that this and American Hustle had lots of faces from HBO's Boardwalk Empire). Jonah Hill is over the top in a way that works, although I am surprised to see him getting an Oscar nomination for it in such a crowded year. Wolf of Wall Street has had a lot of praise and this will continue as the Oscars approach and are awarded. Personally I enjoyed the film as a funny true story delivered with energy and excess but in many ways it is not Goodfellas and the most important of these is that the film lacks a moral core to itself, to its characters and to its message. I don't mind the "it's all screwed so who cares" message that it ultimately seems to give, but I didn't feel comfortable with how wide a smile it had on its face while it was delivering it. helpful•209 85 bob the moo Jan 17, 2014 FAQ4 Is 'The Wolf of Wall Street' based on a book? Jordan says that Quaaludes were "scheduled oned" by the FDA. What does that mean? Why does the movie end in Auckland, New Zealand? Details Edit Release date December 25, 2013 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English French Also known as Hua-er Jie zhi lang Filming locations Portofino, Genoa, Liguria, Italy Production companies Red Granite Pictures Appian Way Sikelia Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $100,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $116,900,694 Opening weekend US & Canada $18,361,578 Dec 29, 2013 Gross worldwide $392,000,694 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours Color Color Sound mix Datasat Dolby Digital Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Back to One, Episode 178: Jon Bernthal Nov 16Filmmaker Magazine - Blog Leonardo DiCaprio to play cult leader ‘Jim Jones’ Nov 9HeyUGuys.co.uk Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.