The Big Lebowski (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118715/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_208
The Big Lebowski (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Big Lebowski 19981998 RR 1h 57m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 771K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 498 37 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 3 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyCrimeSport Ultimate L.A. slacker Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski, mistaken for a millionaire of the same name, seeks restitution for a rug ruined by debt collectors, enlisting his bowling buddies for help whi... Read allUltimate L.A. slacker Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski, mistaken for a millionaire of the same name, seeks restitution for a rug ruined by debt collectors, enlisting his bowling buddies for help while trying to find the millionaire's missing wife.Ultimate L.A. slacker Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski, mistaken for a millionaire of the same name, seeks restitution for a rug ruined by debt collectors, enlisting his bowling buddies for help while trying to find the millionaire's missing wife. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 771K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 498 37 Directors Joel Coen Ethan Coen(uncredited) Writers Ethan Coen Joel Coen Stars Jeff Bridges John Goodman Julianne Moore Top credits Directors Joel Coen Ethan Coen(uncredited) Writers Ethan Coen Joel Coen Stars Jeff Bridges John Goodman Julianne Moore See production, box office & company info 1.3KUser reviews 202Critic reviews 71Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #208 Awards 5 wins & 18 nominations Videos3 Trailer 0:31 The Big Lebowski Clip 1:56 A Guide to the Films of the Coen Brothers Video 1:20 Movies vs. Films, and the Best of Both With O'Shea Jackson Jr. Photos166 Top cast Edit Jeff Bridges The Dudeas The Dude John Goodman Walter Sobchakas Walter Sobchak Julianne Moore Maude Lebowskias Maude Lebowski Steve Buscemi Theodore Donald 'Donny' Kerabatsosas Theodore Donald 'Donny' Kerabatsos David Huddleston The Big Lebowskias The Big Lebowski Philip Seymour Hoffman Brandtas Brandt Tara Reid Bunny Lebowskias Bunny Lebowski Philip Moon Treehorn Thug #1as Treehorn Thug #1 Mark Pellegrino Treehorn Thug #2as Treehorn Thug #2 Peter Stormare Nihilist #1, Uli Kunkelas Nihilist #1, Uli Kunkel… Flea Nihilist #2as Nihilist #2 Torsten Voges Nihilist #3as Nihilist #3 Jimmie Dale Gilmore Smokeyas Smokey Jack Kehler Dude's Landlordas Dude's Landlord John Turturro Jesus Quintanaas Jesus Quintana James G. Hoosier Quintana's Partneras Quintana's Partner Carlos Leon Maude's Thug #1as Maude's Thug #1 Terrence Burton Maude's Thug #2as Maude's Thug #2 (as Terrance Burton) Directors Joel Coen Ethan Coen(uncredited) Writers Ethan Coen Joel Coen All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Fargo 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.3 Snatch 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 Trainspotting 8.1 The Truman Show 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.2 There Will Be Blood Storyline Edit When "the dude" Lebowski is mistaken for a millionaire Lebowski, two thugs urinate on his rug to coerce him into paying a debt he knows nothing about. While attempting to gain recompense for the ruined rug from his wealthy counterpart, he accepts a one-time job with high pay-off. He enlists the help of his bowling buddy, Walter, a gun-toting Jewish-convert with anger issues. Deception leads to more trouble, and it soon seems that everyone from porn empire tycoons to nihilists want something from The Dude. —ahmetkozan rugnihilismpornographermistaken identitydeath of friend362 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Hay quienes tratan de ganarse la vida sin mover un dedo... otros tienen que cortarlos. (Mexico) Genres Comedy Crime Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for pervasive strong language, drug content, sexuality and brief violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In an interview with Rolling Stone Magazine, John Goodman stated that The Dude referring to The Big Lebowski as a "human paraquat" was one of the only improvised lines to make it into the final film. Virtually every other line, including every "man" and "dude", was scripted. Goofs When The Dude is at Jackie Treehorn's and he rubs the pad of paper with a pencil revealing Treehorn's drawing of a naked man, The Dude tears the page off the pad and quickly crumples and shoves the paper into his pocket. Later while in the Chief of Police of Malibu's office and the Chief is going through The Dude's wallet, the same paper he tore off of Treehorn's pad is neatly folded in the wallet, with no sign of previous crumpling. Quotes The Dude: [repeated line by The Dude and others] That rug really tied the room together. Crazy credits Baby Wranglers: Howls/Giggles/Marmots Alternate versions The version which premiered on USA Network in September, 2000 has been severely cut (aside from the usual edits for content). Among the story lines excised are virtually all the scenes involving Jesus Quintana (John Turturro), the private eye from Minnesota (Jon Polito) looking for Bunny Lebowski and the scene where Maud is trying to conceive The Dude's child. Connections Edited into The Making of 'The Big Lebowski' (1998) Soundtracks The Man In Me Written and Performed by Bob Dylan Published by Big Sky Music (SESAC) Courtesy of Columbia Records By Arrangement with Sony Music Licensing User reviews1.3K Review Top review My favourite Coen brothers movie and one of the most entertaining and original comedies ever made! My favourite Coen brothers movie changes over the years as I watch and rewatch their amazingly original and consistently surprising oeuvre. When I first saw 'The Big Lebowski' on its original release I enjoyed it but thought it was a bit of a slight "fun" movie with less depth than many of their previous works. Now, a few years and several viewing later, I have come to realise just how accomplished a movie it is, and it has become one of my all time favourite movies. Other film makers have attempted to weave together various genres, styles and images in a similarly eclectic, postmodern fashion, but few do it as seamlessly and with such wit as Ethan and Joel Coen. 'The Big Lewboski' is an extremely smart film, but it doesn't shout "look at me! Aren't I clever?". It sucks you in from the get go, and bottom line it is FUNNY, and as it is a comedy that's what counts the most! Everything about the movie is perfect, the script, the direction, set design, costumes, and the wonderful soundtrack (one of the most brilliant ever assembled, it includes lesser known Dylan and Elvis Costello numbers, Creedence classics, and songs from cult favourites like Yma Sumac, Captain Beefheart, Moondog, Esquivel and garage gods The Monks). Plus of course the actors, who are well cast and virtually flawless. Jeff Bridges ('Fat City', 'Starman') IS The Dude, and it's impossible to think of anyone else acting the role. Coen regulars John Goodman, Steve Buscemi, John Turturro, Peter Stomare, and Jon Polito are all on board, as well as Julianne Moore ('Boogie Nights'), David Huddleston ('Capricorn One'), Philip Seymour Hoffman ('Magnolia') and Sam Elliot ('Mask'), even surprise cameos from Ben Gazzara ('The Killing Of A Chinese Bookie') and singer Jimmie Ray Gilmore. I can't fault 'The Big Lebowski', it is one of the most original and entertaining comedies ever made and a genuine modern classic. It's movies like this that keep me watching despite the endless mountain of mindless garbage that Hollywood continually spews out. If only every movie in the box office Top Ten was as inspired and amusing as this one! helpful•373 142 Infofreak Dec 27, 2002 FAQ5 What is micturationed? Is "The Big Lebowski" based on a book? What's that song that is heard throughout the movie? Details Edit Release date March 6, 1998 (United States) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Languages English German Hebrew Spanish Also known as 谋杀绿脚趾 Filming locations Ralphs Supermarket, South Pasadena, California, USA Production companies Polygram Filmed Entertainment Working Title Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $18,034,458 Opening weekend US & Canada $5,533,844 Mar 8, 1998 Gross worldwide $46,748,721 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 57 minutes Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news The Coen Brothers Wrote A Movie Directed By Sam Raimi...And You Probably Haven't Seen It Nov 16Slash Film Faith And Film Festival – Coming to Concordia Seminary January 27-29th in St. Louis Nov 8WeAreMovieGeeks.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Big Lebowski (1998)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.