The Pianist (2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0253474/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_33
The Pianist (2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Pianist 20022002 RR 2h 30m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 778K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 466 182 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:21 1 Video 99+ Photos BiographyDramaMusic A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II.A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II.A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 778K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 466 182 Director Roman Polanski Writers Ronald Harwood(screenplay by) Wladyslaw Szpilman(based on the book by) Stars Adrien Brody Thomas Kretschmann Frank Finlay Top credits Director Roman Polanski Writers Ronald Harwood(screenplay by) Wladyslaw Szpilman(based on the book by) Stars Adrien Brody Thomas Kretschmann Frank Finlay See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 136Critic reviews 85Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #33 Won 3 Oscars 57 wins & 74 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 1:21 The Pianist Photos197 Top cast Edit Adrien Brody Wladyslaw Szpilmanas Wladyslaw Szpilman Thomas Kretschmann Captain Wilm Hosenfeldas Captain Wilm Hosenfeld Frank Finlay Fatheras Father Emilia Fox Dorotaas Dorota Michal Zebrowski Jurekas Jurek Ed Stoppard Henrykas Henryk Maureen Lipman Motheras Mother Jessica Kate Meyer Halinaas Halina Julia Rayner Reginaas Regina Wanja Mues SS Slapping Fatheras SS Slapping Father Richard Ridings Mr. Lipaas Mr. Lipa Nomi Sharron Feather Womanas Feather Woman Anthony Milner Man Waiting to Crossas Man Waiting to Cross Lucy Skeaping Street Musicianas Street Musician (as Lucie Skeaping) Roddy Skeaping Street Musicianas Street Musician Ben Harlan Street Musicianas Street Musician Thomas Lawinky Schutzpolizeias Schutzpolizei Joachim Paul Assböck Schutzpolizeias Schutzpolizei Director Roman Polanski Writers Ronald Harwood(screenplay by) Wladyslaw Szpilman(based on the book by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.9 Schindler's List 8.6 The Green Mile 8.6 La vita è bella 8.5 Intouchables 8.5 Léon 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.5 American History X 8.5 Whiplash 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.6 Se7en 8.5 The Usual Suspects 8.8 Forrest Gump Storyline Edit In this adaptation of the autobiography "The Pianist: The Extraordinary True Story of One Man's Survival in Warsaw, 1939-1945," Wladyslaw Szpilman, a Polish Jewish radio station pianist, sees Warsaw change gradually as World War II begins. Szpilman is forced into the Warsaw Ghetto, but is later separated from his family during Operation Reinhard. From this time until the concentration camp prisoners are released, Szpilman hides in various locations among the ruins of Warsaw. —Jwelch5742 pianistholocaustsurvivalnazi occupied polandperson in a wheelchair falls from height173 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Music was his passion. Survival was his masterpiece. Genres Biography Drama Music War Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence and brief strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Notice how director of photography Pawel Edelman slowly drains the color out of all the scenes as the film progresses to signify the deterioration of the city and of Szpilman himself. Goofs When Szpilman is playing in the closing scenes, the piano's "Steinway & Sons" logo is the style first used in the 1990s. Quotes Wladyslaw Szpilman: What are you reading? Henryk Szpilman: "If you prick us, do we not bleed? It you tickle us, we we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?" Wladyslaw Szpilman: [seeing that it is Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice] Very appropriate. Crazy credits Aside from the Universal and Focus Features credits, there are no opening credits. All credits, including the title, appear at the end of the film. Connections Featured in The Making of 'The Pianist' (2003) Soundtracks Nocturne in C# Minor, Posthumous (1830) Written by Frédéric Chopin (as Fryderyk Chopin) User reviews1K Review Top review 10/10 10 out of 10 The Pianist is an account of the true life experience of a Polish pianist during WW2, in the context of the deportation of the Jewish community to the Ghetto of Warsaw, a setting virtually absent from all films inspired on WW2. Polanski (himself a child survivor of the Krakow and Warsaw ghettos) could have described in more detail the legendary, desperate fighting of the Jewish resistance in the ghetto of Warsaw, or the horrific mass extermination in concentration camps. Instead, the film gains in intensity by displaying the war from the pianist's own point of view (through windows, half-opened doors, holes in the walls - with big emphasis on the use of "point of view shooting" by the cameraman). One cannot help feeling disturbed by the most enthralling scenes of the film, as the isolated pianist tries to ensure his survival in the ghetto and ruins of Warsaw, hiding and fleeing, moving from one bombed house to the next, gradually becoming a shadow of his former self, hungry and afraid (merit largely attributed to the extraordinary performance by Adrien Brody, who visibly loses half of his weight throughout the film). Does the pianist raise any sympathy from the audience? Not immediately, in my view. The pianist is more than often a drifting character, almost a witness of other people's and his own horrors. He seems to float and drift along the film like a lost feather, with people quickly appearing and disappearing from his life, some helping generously, others taking advantage of his quiet despair, always maintaining an almost blank, dispassionate demeanour. One may even wonder why we should care in the least about this character. But we do care. That is, I believe, the secret to this film's poetry. In one of the strongest scenes, towards the end, a German officer forces the pianist to play for his life, in an episode that suddenly brings a much lighter, beautifully poetic shade to the film (this German officer will be probably compared to Schindler, although his philanthropy does not quite share the same basis). This is also a wonderful tribute to Polish artists, through Chopin's music, with the concert at the very end of the film and the opening performance by the pianist at the local radio station (with the sound of bomb explosions in the background) forming an harmonious link between the beginning and end of the film (following Polanski's usual story-frame). Overall, The Pianist is one of the most detailed and shocking accounts of the treatment of the Jews by the Nazis, with the atmosphere in Warsaw well captured and believable. Quite possibly, The Pianist will remain in the history of film-making as the most touching and realistic portraits of the holocaust ever made. Polanski's film deserves a strong presence in the 2003 Oscar nominations, including a nomination for Adrien Brody's amazing performance, Polanski's sublime direction, best adapted screenplay and, obviously, best picture. This could be, at last, Polanski's long awaited, triumphal comeback to the high and mighty Hollywood. helpful•349 66 Xanan Jan 20, 2003 FAQ15 Is 'The Pianist' based on a book? What song was Szpilman playing when... What is Dorota playing on the cello when Szpilman is hiding in her house? Details Edit Release date September 25, 2002 (France) Countries of origin United Kingdom France Poland Germany Official sites Focus Features (United States) Official Facebook Languages English German Russian Also known as 钢琴家 Filming locations Instalatorów, Ochota, Warsaw, Mazowieckie, Poland Production companies R.P. Productions Heritage Films Studio Babelsberg See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $35,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $32,572,577 Opening weekend US & Canada $111,261 Dec 29, 2002 Gross worldwide $120,072,577 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 30 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Adrien Brody Talks His ‘Succession’ Debut: “I Had to Come In and Swim With the Sharks” Nov 8The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV How a Year of Upheaval Will Affect the Oscar Race (Column) Oct 28Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.