The Outsiders (1983) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086066/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_95
The Outsiders (1983) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Outsiders 19831983 PGPG 1h 31m IMDb RATING 7.1/10 81K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 95 153 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:11 2 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDrama The rivalry between two gangs, the poor Greasers and the rich Socs, only heats up when one gang member kills a member of the other.The rivalry between two gangs, the poor Greasers and the rich Socs, only heats up when one gang member kills a member of the other.The rivalry between two gangs, the poor Greasers and the rich Socs, only heats up when one gang member kills a member of the other. IMDb RATING 7.1/10 81K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 95 153 Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Kathleen Rowell(screenplay) S.E. Hinton(novel) Stars C. Thomas Howell Matt Dillon Ralph Macchio Top credits Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Kathleen Rowell(screenplay) S.E. Hinton(novel) Stars C. Thomas Howell Matt Dillon Ralph Macchio See production, box office & company info 382User reviews 53Critic reviews 45Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 4 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:11 The Outsiders Video 3:29 Remember Tom Cruise's First Roles? Photos278 Top cast Edit C. Thomas Howell Ponyboy Curtisas Ponyboy Curtis Matt Dillon Dallas Winstonas Dallas Winston Ralph Macchio Johnny Cadeas Johnny Cade Patrick Swayze Darrel Curtisas Darrel Curtis Rob Lowe Sodapop Curtisas Sodapop Curtis Emilio Estevez Two-Bit Matthewsas Two-Bit Matthews Tom Cruise Steve Randleas Steve Randle Glenn Withrow Tim Shepardas Tim Shepard Diane Lane Cherry Valanceas Cherry Valance Leif Garrett Bob Sheldonas Bob Sheldon Darren Dalton Randy Andersonas Randy Anderson Michelle Meyrink Marciaas Marcia Tom Waits Buck Merrillas Buck Merrill Gailard Sartain Jerryas Jerry William Smith Store Clerkas Store Clerk Tom Hillmann Greaser in Concession Standas Greaser in Concession Stand (as Tom Hillman) Hugh Walkinshaw Soc in Concession Standas Soc in Concession Stand Sofia Coppola Little Girlas Little Girl (as Domino) Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Kathleen Rowell(screenplay) S.E. Hinton(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.2 Rumble Fish 6.8 Risky Business 6.4 St. Elmo's Fire 7.3 The Outsiders 6.6 Footloose 6.0 All the Right Moves 6.8 Taps 7.0 Sixteen Candles 7.2 Born on the Fourth of July 6.4 Red Dawn 7.8 The Breakfast Club 6.6 Road House Storyline Edit Tulsa, Oklahoma, 1965. Fourteen-year-old Ponyboy Curtis is the youngest of three orphaned brothers who live on the north side of town, the "wrong side" of the tracks. Sensitive Ponyboy used to have a good relationship with his oldest brother Darrel, but since Darrel became the household caregiver, he is always on Ponyboy's case. Caught in the middle is third brother Sodapop, who dropped out of school to work full time. They all belong to The Greasers, a gang of boys from the north side also from working class families, often broken. Ponyboy's main concern is that any problem they may encounter, especially in their Greaser activities, will lead to the authorities splitting up their family. He also believes Darrel would have outgrown them and become something in his life if it wasn't for his loyalty to the gang, and the need to take care of the family. The rest of the world sees the Greasers as all the same, the face being Dallas Winston, the most volatile one who has just been released from prison, despite each boy having his own specific view of life. Similarly, the world sees the Socs, the Greasers' primary rivals, as all the same, rich spoiled entitled boys with a sense of superiority from the south side of town, despite again each boy being his own person. A connection between the two gangs happens in the form of Ponyboy and Cherry Valance, which doesn't sit well with Cherry's Soc boyfriend, Bob Sheldon. As a result, an incident occurs involving the Socs, Ponyboy and fellow Greaser, sixteen-year-old Johnny Cade, an equally sensitive boy who wants a better life for himself, but seems stuck in a downward spiral with parents who don't give him the time of day. Beyond Ponyboy and Johnny's lives being threatened by that incident, the Greasers and the Socs agree to a rumble to settle things once and for all. Some of the boys realize the rumble will accomplish nothing, with the questions being if they can convince their colleagues of the same, and if not what the consequences will be. —Huggo gangrivalry1960sdysfunctional familymale objectification248 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines They grew up on the outside of society. They weren't looking for a fight. They were looking to belong. Genres Crime Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the poster for the film, the Greasers are shown laughing as Johnny is smirking. This was a candid shot, taken during the photo session in which the actors were supposed to look tough at the camera. What happened was that Leif Garrett was approaching the food table off-camera, and a stagehand said, "Hey, Leif. Don't dig in yet. Save that for the actors." Then Ralph Macchio said, "Yeah Leif, save that for the actors." This comment cracked up the cast, and the photo was used. Goofs Dallas falling out of the chair at the Drive-in (at 07:18 in 91 m.) was an accident and was not rehearsed. Ponyboy looks at the camera expecting Francis Ford Coppola to say cut, but they kept the shot instead. Quotes Ponyboy: Nature's first green is gold, / Her hardest hue to hold. / Her early leaf's a flower, / But only so an hour. / Then leaf subsides to leaf, / So Eden sank to grief. / So dawn goes down to day, / Nothing gold can stay. Johnny: Where did you learn that? That's what I meant. Ponyboy: Robert Frost wrote it. I always remembered it because I never quite knew what he meant. Crazy credits Closing dedication: This film is dedicated to the people who first suggested that it be made... Librarian Jo Ellen Misakian and the students of the Lone Star School in Fresno, California. Alternate versions The 2005 special edition contains a re-edited cut of the film, a new soundtrack and 22 minutes of additional footage, including: an extended opening scene where Ponyboy is attacked by the Socs when walking home from a Paul Newman movie. The principle Greasers are also introduced. Later, Ponyboy and Sodapop talk to each other in their bedroom. a scene where Ponyboy asks some farmers how to reach Jay Mountain. He claims that he's playing "army" and "needs to report to base." an alternate scene in the church where Ponyboy imagines that both Sodapop and Darry are present. a short scene where Ponyboy splashes some water on his face outside the church while Johnny is out buying supplies. a scene in the church where Ponyboy and Johnny become emotional over the events of the past 24 hours. extended reading of "Gone With the Wind" in the church. a short scene where Ponyboy finds Tim sitting on his couch in the morning. a small extension to Ponyboy and Two-Bit at the hospital where a doctor allows them access to Johnny's room after being denied entrance by a nurse. a short scene where Two-Bit and Ponyboy encounter Johnny's mother at the hospital. Following the death of Dally, Darry lashes out at the cops while Ponyboy faints. Later, we see Sodapop and Darry caring for him in bed while Ponyboy asks if someone is sick, not realizing that he is. A courtroom scene where Cherry, Randy, and Ponyboy all make statements. In the end, Ponyboy is acquitted and left in the custody of Darry. A scene where Ponyboy runs into Cherry at school, but she walks away from him. Ponyboy's teacher also informs him that he is flunking, but allows him to write a paper on a personal experience in order to raise his grade. A dinner scene where Sodapop becomes angry that he's always stuck in the middle between Ponyboy and Darry's tug of war and runs away. When they eventually catch him, they agree to stop fighting all the time. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Tom Cruise: The Star Next Door (1990) Soundtracks Stay Gold Sung by Stevie Wonder Music by Carmine Coppola Lyrics by Stevie Wonder Courtesy of Motown Record Corporation Recording Engineer: Gary Olazabal Assistant Recording Engineer: Bob Harlan User reviews382 Review Top review 10/10 I admire both the book and movie I think that both the movie and the book were outstanding. The book sent off an amazing image in my mind in-order for me to picture the "happenings" included through the lives of these young kids. In the movie, I thought it sent off a different type of perspective, and yet it was very well done because of the fact that it was changed a bit, though, it was basically a better image of the story where you can see through your eyes, so that you were able to picture and make out with what you originally were thinking. Very well done! The actors were placed in very well positions, and each actor really fit each character the story The Outsiders. =) helpful•55 25 x0baybc0x Mar 24, 2005 FAQ4 Why is Dallas such an angry and violent person? Why is there a "complete novel" edit of the film, and why is there new music? How could Johnny stop Dallas from bothering Cherry when Dallas is obviously the toughest and meanest guy in the gang? Details Edit Release date March 25, 1983 (United States) Countries of origin United States France Language English Also known as The Outsiders: The Complete Novel Filming locations Admiral Twin Drive-In, Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA Production companies Zoetrope Studios AMLF See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $10,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $25,697,647 Opening weekend US & Canada $5,068,165 Mar 27, 1983 Gross worldwide $25,699,058 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 31 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Win The Outsiders: The Complete Novel on 4K Ultra HD Nov 10HeyUGuys.co.uk Franz Ferdinand Tease Greatest-Hits Collection With New Song ‘Billy Goodbye’ Nov 2Rollingstone.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Outsiders (1983)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.