The Bourne Supremacy (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0372183/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
The Bourne Supremacy (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Bourne Supremacy 20042004 PG-13PG-13 1h 48m IMDb RATING 7.7/10 449K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,340 415 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics ActionMysteryThriller When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive.When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive.When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 449K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,340 415 Director Paul Greengrass Writers Robert Ludlum(novel) Tony Gilroy(screenplay) Stars Matt Damon Franka Potente Joan Allen Top credits Director Paul Greengrass Writers Robert Ludlum(novel) Tony Gilroy(screenplay) Stars Matt Damon Franka Potente Joan Allen See production, box office & company info 883User reviews 251Critic reviews 73Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Awards 5 wins & 22 nominations Videos1 Video 3:27 What Roles Has Matt Damon Turned Down? Photos228 Top cast Edit Matt Damon Jason Bourneas Jason Bourne Franka Potente Marieas Marie Joan Allen Pamela Landyas Pamela Landy Brian Cox Ward Abbottas Ward Abbott Julia Stiles Nickyas Nicky Karl Urban Kirillas Kirill Gabriel Mann Danny Zornas Danny Zorn Marton Csokas Jardaas Jarda Tom Gallop Tom Croninas Tom Cronin John Bedford Lloyd Teddyas Teddy Ethan Sandler Kurtas Kurt Michelle Monaghan Kimas Kim Karel Roden Gretkovas Gretkov Tomas Arana Martin Marshallas Martin Marshall Oksana Akinshina Irena Neskias Irena Neski Yevgeni Sitokhin Mr. Neskias Mr. Neski (as Jevgeni Sitochin) Marina Weis Mrs. Neskias Mrs. Neski (as Marina Weis-Burgaslieva) Tim Griffin Nevinsas Nevins Director Paul Greengrass Writers Robert Ludlum(novel) Tony Gilroy(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 The Bourne Ultimatum 7.9 The Bourne Identity 6.6 The Bourne Legacy 6.6 Jason Bourne 7.1 Mission: Impossible 7.7 Ocean's Eleven 7.4 Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol 6.9 Mission: Impossible III 6.5 Ocean's Twelve 6.9 Ocean's Thirteen 7.4 Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation 6.1 Mission: Impossible II Storyline Edit Two years ago, Jason Bourne thought he had walked away from his past. But now the past catches up to Jason Bourne when the CIA threatens to ruin his new life. Bourne and Marie have maintained their anonymous, underground existence at the cost of permanence. Fueled by splintered nightmares and haunted by the past he cannot remember, Bourne moves Marie from city to city, trying to remain one step ahead of the threat implicit in every unexplained stranger's glance, every "wrong number" phone call--that at any second, without any warning, he might get pulled back into the world he hopes he left behind. —Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} hidden truthsuspensesecret pastdark pastamnesia186 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines They should have left him alone. Genres Action Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for violence and intense action, and for brief language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia To give this movie its gritty, documentary-style appearance, director Paul Greengrass used mostly handheld cameras, and a muted color palette. Greengrass also made sure to avoid computer graphics at all costs, and all of the stunts shown in the movie were achieved practically. Goofs The banners carried by the protesters contain several spelling errors, including "Meer" (ocean) instead of "Mehr" (more). This is inspired from a real incident where the Germans protested against education budget cuts by putting spelling errors into their banner texts. Quotes Pamela Landy: [over the phone] What if I can't find her? Jason Bourne: [while watching her through the rifle scope] It's easy. She's standing right next to you. Crazy credits During the end credits the Marines are listed as Jarheads. Alternate versions The NBC TV network version does the usual time and content edits. The most obvious change is Abbott's suicide being shown off-screen with a cut to outside the building and the gunshot sound and audio of Pamela Landy's shock being heard, all contrary to the theatrical version which showed it in more intense detail. Connections Edited into The Bourne Ultimatum (2007) Soundtracks Intothinair Written by Adam Dorn (as Adam Dornblum) Performed by Adam Dorn Courtesy of Palm Pictures Special Markets User reviews883 Review Top review 10/10 Get Ready For More Bourne! The Bourne Supremacy is the sequel to the successful Bourne Identity spy thriller. This movie, directed by a new director, is given a different yet extremely exciting feel to it. The casting is still great, with Matt Damon bringing a deadpan portrayal to the Bourne character. Hes very good in this role, which commits a great success to the whole of the movie. Supporting players Brian Cox and Julia Styles, along with newcomer Joan Allen, all provide stellar support for Bourne. The action is intense and really well done, and the plot is thrilling and will surprise you quite a bit. The camera-work is extremely fast paced, and overall it has a gritty, captivating style. With all of these elements together, you got one great action thriller that in many cases even surpasses Identity! Movies like this are hard to come by, in todays times with many action pictures that just don't work and become tedious. Ill give this near perfect- *** and 1/2 outs 4 Star's- definitely see The Bourne Identity before this- don't fret: you will be very entertained. helpful•162 66 bhawkdown_1 Jan 23, 2005 FAQ11 What is 'The Bourne Supremacy' about? Is 'The Bourne Supremacy' based on a book? How/why did Landy get involved in investigating Jason Bourne? Details Edit Release date November 14, 2004 (China) Countries of origin United States Germany Official sites UIP (France) Universal Pictures (United Kingdom) Languages English Russian German Italian Also known as 谍影重重2 Filming locations Goa, India Production companies Universal Pictures Motion Picture THETA Produktionsgesellschaft The Kennedy/Marshall Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $75,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $176,241,941 Opening weekend US & Canada $52,521,865 Jul 25, 2004 Gross worldwide $290,835,269 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 48 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Succession’ Star Brian Cox Makes Film Directorial Debut With ‘Glenrothan’ for Lionsgate, Nevision Nov 16Variety Film + TV HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to The Bourne Supremacy (2004) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.