The Shawshank Redemption (1994) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111161/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_1
The Shawshank Redemption (1994) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Shawshank Redemption 19941994 RR 2h 22m IMDb RATING 9.3/10 2.5M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 52 52 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:11 5 Videos 99+ Photos Drama Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency. IMDb RATING 9.3/10 2.5M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 52 52 Director Frank Darabont Writers Stephen King(based on the short novel "Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption" by) Frank Darabont(screenplay by) Stars Tim Robbins Morgan Freeman Bob Gunton Top credits Director Frank Darabont Writers Stephen King(based on the short novel "Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption" by) Frank Darabont(screenplay by) Stars Tim Robbins Morgan Freeman Bob Gunton See production, box office & company info 9.6KUser reviews 193Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #1 Nominated for 7 Oscars 21 wins & 43 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 2:11 Official Trailer Clip 8:43 Guillermo del Toro and Neil Gaiman Find Hope in Powerful, Eclectic Films Video 1:55 What Jack From 'Titanic' Was Really Thinking, According to Phoebe Robinson Video 2:25 Who Else Almost Starred In 'The Shawshank Redemption?' Video 2:22 Roles That Tom Cruise Turned Down Photos313 Top cast Edit Tim Robbins Andy Dufresneas Andy Dufresne Morgan Freeman Ellis Boyd 'Red' Reddingas Ellis Boyd 'Red' Redding Bob Gunton Warden Nortonas Warden Norton William Sadler Heywoodas Heywood Clancy Brown Captain Hadleyas Captain Hadley Gil Bellows Tommyas Tommy Mark Rolston Bogs Diamondas Bogs Diamond James Whitmore Brooks Hatlenas Brooks Hatlen Jeffrey DeMunn 1946 D.A.as 1946 D.A. Larry Brandenburg Skeetas Skeet Neil Giuntoli Jiggeras Jigger Brian Libby Floydas Floyd David Proval Snoozeas Snooze Joseph Ragno Ernieas Ernie Jude Ciccolella Guard Mertas Guard Mert Paul McCrane Guard Troutas Guard Trout Renee Blaine Andy Dufresne's Wifeas Andy Dufresne's Wife Scott Mann Glenn Quentinas Glenn Quentin Director Frank Darabont Writers Stephen King(based on the short novel "Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption" by) Frank Darabont(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro 'The Shawshank Redemption' Without Morgan Freeman? 'The Shawshank Redemption' Without Morgan Freeman? The Shawshank Redemption has become a classic film - it's even IMDb's top-rated movie of all time - but did you know it almost had an entirely different cast behind those legendary bars?Who almost starred? 2:25 More like this 9.0 The Dark Knight 9.2 The Godfather 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.8 Inception 8.8 Fight Club 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.6 Interstellar 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 8.9 Schindler's List 8.6 Se7en 8.6 The Green Mile 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Storyline Edit Chronicles the experiences of a formerly successful banker as a prisoner in the gloomy jailhouse of Shawshank after being found guilty of a crime he did not commit. The film portrays the man's unique way of dealing with his new, torturous life; along the way he befriends a number of fellow prisoners, most notably a wise long-term inmate named Red. —J-S-Golden wrongful imprisonmentbased on the works of stephen kingprisonescape from prisonvoice over narration372 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free. Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language and prison violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Andy and Red's opening chat in the prison yard, in which Red is throwing a baseball, took nine hours to shoot. Morgan Freeman threw the baseball for the entire nine hours without a word of complaint. He showed up for work the next day with his left arm in a sling. Goofs Circa 1963, Heywood is shown listening to the record "24 of Hank Williams' Greatest Hits", released in 1970. Quotes Andy Dufresne: [to Red] I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living, or get busy dying. Crazy credits The man who cried and was beaten when Andy first arrived is listed and credited as "Fat Ass" -- the other inmates' nickname for him. Alternate versions This film was produced independently by Castle Rock Entertainment, but distributed by Columbia Pictures, which placed their logo at the beginning of the film. After the first video release, Castle Rock began to use Warner Bros. as their distributor. This film was then later re-issued on video and DVD by Warner Bros., which replaced the Columbia Pictures logo with their own. (The 1999 WB DVD uses no studio logo before Castle Rock [A Turner Company], and has no Columbia line-art logo at the end, just 10 seconds of blank screen as the music finishes. The 2004 WB DVD and theatrical rerelease, and 2010 Blu-ray, start with a very modern WB logo and an updated Castle Rock logo [A TimeWarner Company], and have the Columbia line-art logo in the crawl at the end followed by a quick, still, older WB logo. See also The American President.) Connections Edited into Everything Wrong with...: Everything Wrong with Assassin's Creed in 13 Minutes or Less (2017) Soundtracks If I Didn't Care by Jack Lawrence Performed by The Ink Spots Courtesy of MCA Records User reviews9.6K Review Top review 10/10 This is How Movies Should Be Made This movie is not your ordinary Hollywood flick. It has a great and deep message. This movie has a foundation and just kept on being built on from their and that foundation is hope. Other than just the message of this movie the acting was phenomenal. Tim Robbins gave one of the greatest performances ever. He was inspiring, intelligent and most of all positive. His performance just made me smile. Robbins plays Andy Dufresne who was wrongfully convicted of murdering his wife and her lover. He is gets to life sentences but yet never gives up hope. In he becomes friends with Ellis Boyd "Red" Redding played by Morgan Freeman. Freeman who gives the finest performance of his career has unlike Robbins lost hope. He is in deep regret of the crime that he committed. His way of deflecting the pain away is by trying to not feel anything at all. With his friendship with Andy he learns that without our hopes and dreams we have nothing. Andy also becomes friends with the rest of Red's group. James Whitmore also gave a great performance as Brooks Halten who gets out of prison parole but in the words of Red he has been "institutionalized". The directing by Frank Darabont was just magnificent. He kept this movie at a great steady pace along with the writing and great cinematography. He portrayed prison life in such a horrifying way, but not in terms of the physical pain but the stress and pain that wares mentally on the inmates, some of which deserve a second chance. Whatever you do, don't listen to the people who say this movie is overrated because this is one of the most inspiring and greatest movies ever. It has everything you could possibly want. helpful•792 166 alexkolokotronis Feb 18, 2008 FAQ37 Does the novella explain why Fat Ass is in prison? He seems too much like a cry baby to have committed any crimes. Why does Andy talk in code to Red at the movie about getting Rita Hayworth since they have already done business before and Andy asked for the rock hammer in the same way? Hadley seems more brutal than Percy Wetmore from The Green mile. Why was Hadley such a jerk? Details Edit Release date October 14, 1994 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Warner Bros. (United States) Language English Also known as 肖申克的救赎 Filming locations 127A Smithfield Road, Frederiksted, Virgin Islands Production company Castle Rock Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $28,699,976 Opening weekend US & Canada $727,327 Sep 25, 1994 Gross worldwide $28,817,291 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 22 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Johannes Roberts Nov 16Trailers from Hell ‘Jai Bhim’ overtakes ‘The Shawshank Redemption’ to take first position in list of top films Nov 13GlamSham Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Shawshank Redemption (1994) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.