The Adventures of Tintin (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0983193?ref_=rlm
The Adventures of Tintin (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Adventures of Tintin 20112011 PGPG 1h 47m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 224K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,546 259 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 8 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationActionAdventure Intrepid reporter Tintin and Captain Haddock set off on a treasure hunt for a sunken ship commanded by Haddock's ancestor.Intrepid reporter Tintin and Captain Haddock set off on a treasure hunt for a sunken ship commanded by Haddock's ancestor.Intrepid reporter Tintin and Captain Haddock set off on a treasure hunt for a sunken ship commanded by Haddock's ancestor. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 224K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,546 259 Director Steven Spielberg Writers Hergé(based on "The Adventures of Tintin" by) Steven Moffat(screenplay by) Edgar Wright(screenplay by) Stars Jamie Bell(voice) Andy Serkis(voice) Daniel Craig(voice) Top credits Director Steven Spielberg Writers Hergé(based on "The Adventures of Tintin" by) Steven Moffat(screenplay by) Edgar Wright(screenplay by) Stars Jamie Bell(voice) Andy Serkis(voice) Daniel Craig(voice) See production, box office & company info 520User reviews 463Critic reviews 68Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 22 wins & 63 nominations total Videos8 Trailer 2:32 Extended Trailer Trailer 1:28 No. 2 Trailer 2:20 International Trailer #1 Trailer 1:12 The Secret of the Unicorn --Teaser Trailer Trailer 1:29 The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn Clip 0:44 The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn Clip 0:55 The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn Featurette 2:43 Peter Jackson & Steven Spielberg Photos336 Top cast Edit Jamie Bell Tintinas Tintin (voice) Andy Serkis Captain Haddockas Captain Haddock (voice) … Daniel Craig Sakharineas Sakharine (voice) … Simon Pegg Thompsonas Thompson (voice) Nick Frost Thomsonas Thomson (voice) Daniel Mays Allanas Allan (voice) … Gad Elmaleh Ben Salaadas Ben Salaad (voice) Toby Jones Silkas Silk (voice) Joe Starr Barnabyas Barnaby (voice) Enn Reitel Nestoras Nestor (voice) … Mackenzie Crook Tomas Tom (voice) … Tony Curran Lieutenant Delcourtas Lieutenant Delcourt (voice) Sonje Fortag Mrs. Finchas Mrs. Finch (voice) Cary Elwes Pilotas Pilot (voice) Phillip Rhys Co-Pilotas Co-Pilot (voice) … Ron Bottitta Sailoras Sailor (voice) … Mark Ivanir Afghar Outpost Soldieras Afghar Outpost Soldier (voice) … Nathan Meister Market Artistas Market Artist (voice) Director Steven Spielberg Writers Hergé(based on "The Adventures of Tintin" by) Steven Moffat(screenplay by) Edgar Wright(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.2 Rango 6.4 The BFG 8.3 The Adventures of Tintin Untitled Adventures of Tintin Sequel 7.2 Kung Fu Panda 2 6.9 Rio 7.2 The Croods 7.3 Rise of the Guardians 7.7 The Lego Movie 6.1 The Golden Compass 6.6 Puss in Boots 6.7 Over the Hedge Storyline Edit Having bought a model ship, the Unicorn, for a pound off a market stall Tintin is initially puzzled that the sinister Mr. Sakharine should be so eager to buy it from him, resorting to murder and kidnapping Tintin - accompanied by his marvellous dog Snowy - to join him and his gang as they sail to Morocco on an old cargo ship. Sakharine has bribed the crew to revolt against the ship's master, drunken Captain Haddock, but Tintin, Snowy and Haddock escape, arriving in Morocco at the court of a sheikh, who also has a model of the Unicorn. Haddock tells Tintin that over three hundred years earlier his ancestor Sir Francis Haddock was forced to scuttle the original Unicorn when attacked by a piratical forebear of Sakharine but he managed to save his treasure and provide clues to its location in three separate scrolls, all of which were secreted in models of the Unicorn. Tintin and Sakharine have one each and the villain intends to use the glass-shattering top Cs of operatic soprano the Milanese Nightingale to secure the third. With aid from bumbling Interpol agents the Thompson Twins our boy hero, his dog and the captain must prevent Sakharine from obtaining all three scrolls to fulfil the prophesy that only the last of the Haddocks can discover the treasure's whereabouts. —don @ minifie-1 treasuredogshipcaptainmodel ship272 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines This year, discover how far adventure will take you. Genres Animation Action Adventure Family Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for adventure action violence, some drunkenness and brief smoking Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The painter at the beginning bears the likeness of Hergé, creator of the "Tintin" comics. Furthermore, he draws Tintin's portrait in Hergé's style. Using Hergé's likeness is an homage to the artist's own private joke of incorporating the likenesses of friends and family in his Tintin comics. Goofs The photographers shooting Bianca Castafiore would have been using flash bulbs. These were single-use devices made up of a glass bulb filled with oxygen and a magnesium filament. While they are sometimes shown ejecting a bulb, they often manage to get multiple shots from a single bulb. Quotes Captain Haddock: I thought you were an optimist. Tintin: You were wrong, weren't you? I'm a realist. Captain Haddock: Ah, it's just another name for a quitter. Tintin: You can call me what you like. Don't you get it? We failed. Captain Haddock: Failed. There are plenty of others willing to call you a failure. A fool. A loser. A hopeless souse. Don't you ever say it of yourself. You send out the wrong signal, that is what people pick up. Don't you understand? You care about something, you fight for it. You hit a wall, you push through it. There's something you need to know about failure, Tintin. You can never let it defeat you. Crazy credits The font used in the opening and ending credits is the font used in the Tintin comics. Connections Featured in The Graham Norton Show: Kate Winslet/Jamie Bell/Rob Brydon/Noah & the Whale (2011) Soundtracks Loch Lomond Traditional Performed by Andy Serkis User reviews520 Review Top review 9/10 A rollicking good adventure What begins as a fun, nimble little mystery in the first act soon kicks into comedy-action-adventure high gear when junior reporter Tintin, with his brave dog Snowy, stumbles upon boozy Captain Haddock (an excellent Andy Serkis), whose family legacy may prove pivotal in a race to uncover the secret of the Unicorn. From that point on, it's more or less non-stop comedy—some fizzles, most of it works—with gags ranging from jaw-dropping blockbuster chase antics to throwaway background humour. Captain Haddock works brilliantly for the most part: he's unpredictable, endearing, and colourful in all the ways Tintin himself isn't. While the youngster is well played by Jamie Bell, he's mostly just there to work out the clues for the audience. Tintin and Haddock make for a good double-act, though: brains and brawn, cunning and in-over-his-head rashness; together they'd make a good Indiana Jones. The plot is a by the numbers mystery/adventure/treasure hunt, complete with bumbling detectives (so-so comic support from Simon Pegg and Nick Frost), exciting sea plane action and hidden clues, but it's brought to life in gorgeous visual style. While the script only comes alive in fits and starts, the whole film is bursting with rich detail, and is given added depth by a good, solid use of 3D. The virtual camera-work throughout is stupendous. One extended chase sequence through the flooding streets of a North African city is so dazzling and dizzying it reminded me why no other filmmaker can match Spielberg when he lets his imagination out for a spin. Another action scene, told in flashback, depicts a breathless pirate showdown in a storm, and features some of the most playful transitions I've seen since Ang Lee's Hulk. There's a pretty good villain, too, played by a wily Daniel Craig. Snowy, while definitely smarter than your average cute canine, is also given to chasing cats, digging up fossilised bones from the desert, and gobbling sandwiches at decidedly inopportune moments. In other words, he's an instant audience favourite. All in all, it's a rollicking good adventure, one of Spielberg's most fun movies in a long time, and I'll be buying it on Blu-ray next year. helpful•115 44 Sevenmercury7 Oct 24, 2011 FAQ7 Is 'The Adventures of Tintin' based on a book? Why no Professor Cuthbert Calculus? Isn't Tintin racist or otherwise controversial? Details Edit Release date November 15, 2011 (China) Countries of origin United States New Zealand United Kingdom France Australia Official sites Official Facebook (France) Official site Language English Also known as The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn Filming locations Wellington, New Zealand Production companies Columbia Pictures Paramount Pictures Amblin Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $135,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $77,591,831 Opening weekend US & Canada $9,720,993 Dec 25, 2011 Gross worldwide $373,993,951 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 47 minutes Color Color Sound mix Datasat Dolby Digital SDDS Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news The Adventures of Tintin, Vol. 7 by Herge Oct 13Comicmix.com The Adventures of Tintin, Vol. 6 by Herge Sep 30Comicmix.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Adventures of Tintin (2011) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.