The Last Duel (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4244994/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_26
The Last Duel (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Last Duel 20212021 RR 2h 32m IMDb RATING 7.7/10 22K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 26 7 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:28 5 Videos 32 Photos ActionDramaHistory King Charles VI declares that Knight Jean de Carrouges settle his dispute with his squire by challenging him to a duel.King Charles VI declares that Knight Jean de Carrouges settle his dispute with his squire by challenging him to a duel.King Charles VI declares that Knight Jean de Carrouges settle his dispute with his squire by challenging him to a duel. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 22K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 26 7 Director Ridley Scott Writers Nicole Holofcener(screenplay by) Ben Affleck(screenplay by) Matt Damon(screenplay by) Stars Matt Damon Adam Driver Jodie Comer Top credits Director Ridley Scott Writers Nicole Holofcener(screenplay by) Ben Affleck(screenplay by) Matt Damon(screenplay by) Stars Matt Damon Adam Driver Jodie Comer See production, box office & company info 309User reviews 199Critic reviews 67Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos5 Trailer 2:28 Official Trailer Trailer 2:36 The Last Duel Clip 2:54 Jodie Comer, Matt Damon, and Ben Affleck on Why 'Last Duel' Cast Was 'Locked-In' Clip 1:40 A Guide to the Films of Ridley Scott Featurette 1:35 The Last Duel Photos32 Top cast Edit Matt Damon Sir Jean de Carrougesas Sir Jean de Carrouges Adam Driver Jacques Le Grisas Jacques Le Gris Jodie Comer Marguerite de Carrougesas Marguerite de Carrouges Harriet Walter Nicole de Carrougesas Nicole de Carrouges Ben Affleck Pierre d'Alençonas Pierre d'Alençon Alex Lawther King Charles VIas King Charles VI Marton Csokas Crespinas Crespin William Houston Herald at the Duelas Herald at the Duel Oliver Cotton Jean de Carrouges IIIas Jean de Carrouges III Aurélien Lorgnier Carrogues' Priestas Carrogues' Priest Nathaniel Parker Sir Robert de Thibouvilleas Sir Robert de Thibouville Tallulah Haddon Marieas Marie Bryony Hannah Aliceas Alice Thomas Silberstein Palace of Justice Clerkas Palace of Justice Clerk Adam Goodwin Rideras Rider Ian Pirie Henrias Henri Daniel Horn Argentan Heraldas Argentan Herald Michael McElhatton Bernard de Latouras Bernard de Latour Director Ridley Scott Writers Nicole Holofcener(screenplay by) Ben Affleck(screenplay by) Matt Damon(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro How History Shaped 'The Last Duel' How History Shaped 'The Last Duel' Jodie Comer details her portrayal of Marguerite de Carrouges in The Last Duel and how she collaborated with Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, and Nicole Holofcener on set.Watch the interview 2:54 More like this 7.5 Last Night in Soho 7.5 The French Dispatch 6.3 Venom: Let There Be Carnage 7.5 No Time to Die 6.3 Antlers 8.2 Dune: Part One 8.0 The Black Phone 6.6 The Green Knight 7.3 Spencer 5.7 Halloween Kills 8.9 Sardar Udham 6.3 Lamb Storyline Edit Told in three viewpoints: husband's, rapist, wife's is very informing. Lots of medieval fighting and court machinations. Jodie Comer, Matt Damon, and Adam Driver are well-cast as three leads. Over two hours long but won't feel it. Stay for update at end. duelbased on book14th centurynonlinear timelinerepeated scene from a different perspective103 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines The true story of a woman who defied a nation and made history. Genres Action Drama History Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) - Rated R for strong violence including sexual assault, sexual content, some graphic nudity, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Matt Damon can't grow facial hair, so the makeup department had to try out 20 different beards to apply to his face. He reportedly got a skin rash underneath the stuck-on beard, which was so irritating that he had to be treated with ice packs after every scene while shooting the movie. Goofs The countryside is shown divided into medium-sized squarish fields, separated by hedgerows and ditches. These didn't really exist until the 18th century, when the enclosure movement led to the subdivision of communal land and large estates. In the middle ages, the countryside consisted mostly of large open fields. Quotes Le Gris' Priest: The penalty for bearing false witness is that you are to be burned alive. Marguerite de Carrouges: I will not be silent! Connections Featured in NBC Sunday Night Football: NFL Kickoff Game: Dallas Cowboys vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers (2021) User reviews309 Review Top review 8/10 Initially lacking depth, Jodie Comer changes the game Ridley Scott and the Middle Ages: since his 2000 mega-hit Gladiator, we know that this mix fits. Despite a few works to look away from since then, Scott's filmography shows that he feels most at home in dystopias. The Last Duel is a new journey into that long-forgotten time period.. An era that Game of Thrones thrilled us with for years - had it not been for the last season. Perhaps it is also the reason why Scott's new film has now completely flopped. The film cost 100 million dollars. No wonder, with all the show values, scenery and partly brutal sequences. It has only grossed 30 million, less than half that amount. Yet during and after Game of Thrones there were increasing calls for the revival of this extinct genre. Many claim that the Western has been dead for years. But if you look more closely, there have been far more of them than classic historical films in recent years. So it is all the more surprising that there is so little interest in The Last Duel. Yes, cinema has its best years behind it. And yes, the general public has changed drastically in terms of viewing habits. Nevertheless, The Last Duel is a cinema film that should definitely be seen on the big screen. Otherwise, it is hard to enjoy the emotions offered by the impeccable Jodie Comer in the role of Marguerite. The final battle between Matt Damon's Jean de Carrouges and Adam Driver's Jacques Le Gris would not enhance the sheer tension and unpredictability. Moreover, all the cinematic detail, ode to historical drama and sweeping atmosphere would not strike us to the same extent. The fact that this film deals with one of the most topical and relevant issues in our society today has nothing directly to do with the cinematic experience per se, yet it would never strike such a chord with us on the small screen. It is about Marguerite, who is married to the brave, but by his culture ridiculed, Knight de Carrouges, telling her husband that she has been raped by his old friend Le Gris. What follows is a plot divided into three chapters, depicting the different perspectives of the three main characters. While those of the two gentlemen are very similar, Marguerite's account of events rips open a whole new layer in the film. Suddenly we have the #MeToo debate in the Middle Ages. In a time when women had little to no say. Through Comer's gala performance, we accompany her electrified until she finds her conclusion in the final fight. Anyone expecting a Gladiator 2.0 is likely to be disappointed. Because instead of spilling a lot of blood and showing the sheer brutality of the Middle Ages, the focus is on human feelings such as self-doubt, the contrast between good and evil and the question of whether something like justice could even exist among the people who were so proud at the time. I didn't expect the outcome, which again underlines the fact that the film leaves a clear ending completely open. After the final scene, I was torn. As overwhelmed as the last third left me, I had an even harder time with the first two sections. Damon's and Driver's storylines seem a bit generic and simultaneous, so I was glad that Comer and her story lifted the film into new spheres. A special mention also goes to Ben Affleck, who impressively prolongs his newly discovered acting top form here. helpful•4 0 severindringel Nov 11, 2021 FAQ5 Any connection with another Scott film, "The Duelists"? Are there any connections between Ridley's movies and his {commercials}? What battles and wars are depicted in The Last Duel? Details Edit Release date October 15, 2021 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Official site Official site Languages English German Also known as Trận Đấu Cuối Cùng Filming locations Cahir Castle Tipperary, Ireland Production companies 20th Century Studios Pearl Street Films Scott Free Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $10,708,908 Opening weekend US & Canada $4,759,151 Oct 17, 2021 Gross worldwide $26,317,357 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 32 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Ridley Scott says he doesn’t read critiques, opens up about The Last Duel flopping Nov 16Flickeringmyth Ridley Scott Explains Why His “Superhero” Movies Are Better Than Today’s “Boring” Blockbusters Nov 15Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.