The Black Dahlia (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387877/
The Black Dahlia (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Black Dahlia 20062006 RR 2h 1m IMDb RATING 5.6/10 73K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,300 999 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 1 Video 99+ Photos CrimeDramaMystery Two policemen see their personal and professional lives fall apart in the wake of the "Black Dahlia" Elizabeth Short murder investigation.Two policemen see their personal and professional lives fall apart in the wake of the "Black Dahlia" Elizabeth Short murder investigation.Two policemen see their personal and professional lives fall apart in the wake of the "Black Dahlia" Elizabeth Short murder investigation. IMDb RATING 5.6/10 73K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,300 999 Director Brian De Palma Writers Josh Friedman(screenplay) James Ellroy(novel) Stars Josh Hartnett Aaron Eckhart Scarlett Johansson Top credits Director Brian De Palma Writers Josh Friedman(screenplay) James Ellroy(novel) Stars Josh Hartnett Aaron Eckhart Scarlett Johansson See production, box office & company info 681User reviews 249Critic reviews 49Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 4 wins & 16 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 2:25 Official Trailer Photos294 Top cast Edit Josh Hartnett Dwight 'Bucky' Bleichertas Dwight 'Bucky' Bleichert Aaron Eckhart Lee Blanchardas Lee Blanchard Scarlett Johansson Kay Lakeas Kay Lake Hilary Swank Madeleine Linscottas Madeleine Linscott Mia Kirshner Elizabeth Shortas Elizabeth Short Mike Starr Det. Russ Millardas Det. Russ Millard Fiona Shaw Ramona Linscottas Ramona Linscott Patrick Fischler Deputy DA Ellis Loewas Deputy DA Ellis Loew James Otis Dolph Bleichertas Dolph Bleichert John Kavanagh Emmett Linscottas Emmett Linscott Troy Evans Chief Ted Greenas Chief Ted Green Anthony Russell Morrie Friedmanas Morrie Friedman Pepe Serna Tomas Dos Santosas Tomas Dos Santos Angus MacInnes Capt. John Tierneyas Capt. John Tierney (as Angus MacInnis) Rachel Miner Martha Linscottas Martha Linscott Victor McGuire Sgt. Bill Koenigas Sgt. Bill Koenig Gregg Henry Pete Lukinsas Pete Lukins Jemima Rooper Lorna Mertzas Lorna Mertz Director Brian De Palma Writers Josh Friedman(screenplay) James Ellroy(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.2 Femme Fatale 5.3 Passion 6.1 Redacted 6.1 Raising Cain 6.0 Snake Eyes 7.1 Dressed to Kill 5.7 Mission to Mars 6.8 Body Double 7.1 Casualties of War 5.6 The Bonfire of the Vanities 6.3 The Fury 7.4 Blow Out Storyline Edit In 1946, the former boxers Dwight "Bucky" Bleichert and Lee Blanchard are policemen in Los Angeles. Lee has a good relationship with his chief and uses a box fight between them to promote the department and get a raise to the police force. They succeed and are promoted to homicide detectives, working together. Bucky becomes a close friend of Lee and his girlfriend Kay Lake, forming a triangle of love. When the corpse of the aspirant actress Elizabeth Short is found mutilated, Lee becomes obsessed to solve the case called by the press Black Dahlia. Meanwhile, Bucky's investigation leads him to a Madeleine Linscott, the daughter of a powerful and wealthy constructor that resembles the Black Dahlia. In an environment of corruption and lies, Bucky discloses hidden truths. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 1940sblack dahliasex on a kitchen tablevoyeurismvoyeur276 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Inspired by the most notorious unsolved murder in California history. Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence, some grisly images, sexual content and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Brian De Palma: The voice behind the camera interviewing Elizabeth. Goofs Characters who knew Elizabeth Short refer to her as 'Betty' constantly. Though Elizabeth Short was known during her childhood as Betty in her hometown, she used the name 'Beth' not Betty throughout her stay in Los Angeles. Quotes Kay Lake: [to Bucky, about Madeleine] She looks like that dead girl! How sick are you? Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Black Dahlia/The Gridiron Gang/Everyone's Hero/Haven (2006) Soundtracks In the Mood Written by Joe Garland (as Joseph C. Garland) Used by Permission of Shapiro Bernstein & Co. Inc. (ASCAP) User reviews681 Review Top review Disjointed murder in the first degree "For murder, though it have no tongue, will speak/With most miraculous organ." Shakespeare's Hamlet Murders are messy on the screen and in real life; screenplays about them can be chaotic and disjointed also. Such is the case with Black Dahlia, a film noir from Brian De Palma, a past master of the macabre and the complicated (Blow Out, Body Double). It has all the trappings of a first-rate detective novel (James Ellroy) made into a 1940's thriller with appropriately moody music of the soulful trumpet (Mark Isham), lush production design (Dante Ferretti), and equally impressive costuming (Jenny Beavan), all set in a timelessly seedy Los Angeles. There's also the conflicted, sometimes dark hero detective (Josh Hartnett) and the sexy, dangerous femme fatale (Hilary Swank), accompanied by the questionably good voluptuary sex bomb (Scarlett Johansson). As if these noir troublemakers were not enough, writer Josh Friedman seemingly adapts Ellroy's every subplot, every story thread, as if each had to be accounted for in the best CSI tradition. The original novel was based on aspiring actress Elizabeth Short's unsolved grizzly murder in 1947. After a considerably convoluted exposition, with plot lines rarely intersecting in a unified way, the film has the nerve to offer one of the most extensive denouements in film history, could be a half hour, with lengthy explanation of how all those ends tied together. Needless to say, anti climaxes abound in this last segment, leaving not only more confusion about the plot but also a desire to get back to The Big Sleep without sleeping, a state Black Dahlia threatened several times. Hartnett's detective says, "Nothing stays buried forever. Nothing." I say this weak noir wannabe should stay buried until a bright 22nd century scholar sees its cultural and aesthetic significance. Until then, it's a jumble of plot points resolved in the end by tedious narration. Even Scarlett Johansson's pulchritude couldn't win me, and that's murder in the first degree. helpful•276 118 jdesando Sep 12, 2006 Details Edit Release date September 15, 2006 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United States Germany United Kingdom Israel Bulgaria France Languages English German Also known as Cehennem Çiçeği Filming locations New Boyana Film Studios, Sofia, Bulgaria Production companies Universal Pictures Millennium Films Signature Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $50,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $22,545,080 Opening weekend US & Canada $10,005,895 Sep 17, 2006 Gross worldwide $49,332,692 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea to Star in Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ Nov 17Variety Film + TV Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ Nov 17The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Black Dahlia (2006) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.