The Notebook (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0332280/
The Notebook (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Notebook 20042004 PG-13PG-13 2h 3m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 544K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 567 114 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:17 4 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance A poor yet passionate young man falls in love with a rich young woman, giving her a sense of freedom, but they are soon separated because of their social differences.A poor yet passionate young man falls in love with a rich young woman, giving her a sense of freedom, but they are soon separated because of their social differences.A poor yet passionate young man falls in love with a rich young woman, giving her a sense of freedom, but they are soon separated because of their social differences. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 544K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 567 114 Director Nick Cassavetes Writers Jeremy Leven(screenplay) Jan Sardi(adaptation) Nicholas Sparks(novel) Stars Gena Rowlands James Garner Rachel McAdams Top credits Director Nick Cassavetes Writers Jeremy Leven(screenplay) Jan Sardi(adaptation) Nicholas Sparks(novel) Stars Gena Rowlands James Garner Rachel McAdams See production, box office & company info 1.3KUser reviews 145Critic reviews 53Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 12 wins & 10 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:17 The Notebook (2004) Trailer 2:12 The Notebook (2004) Full Episode 4:18 What Movie Makes John Cena Cry Like a Baby? Video 2:53 Which Blockbusters Did Ryan Gosling Turn Down? Photos157 Top cast Edit Gena Rowlands Allie Calhounas Allie Calhoun James Garner Dukeas Duke Rachel McAdams Allieas Allie Ryan Gosling Noahas Noah Tim Ivey Roweras Rower Starletta DuPois Nurse Estheras Nurse Esther Anthony-Michael Q. Thomas Nurse Keithas Nurse Keith Ed Grady Harryas Harry Renée Amber Nurse at Counteras Nurse at Counter Jennifer Echols Nurse Selmaas Nurse Selma Geoffrey Knight Barkeras Barker Kevin Connolly Finas Fin Heather Wahlquist Sara Tuffingtonas Sara Tuffington Andrew Schaff Matthew Jamison IIIas Matthew Jamison III Matt Shelly Seabrook Boyas Seabrook Boy Michael D. Fuller Seabrook Boyas Seabrook Boy Jonathan Parks Jordan Seabrook Boyas Seabrook Boy Leslea Fisher Seabrook Girlas Seabrook Girl Director Nick Cassavetes Writers Jeremy Leven(screenplay) Jan Sardi(adaptation) Nicholas Sparks(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 The Fault in Our Stars 7.4 Me Before You 7.8 About Time 8.0 La La Land 6.8 The Vow 7.3 A Walk to Remember 7.4 Crazy, Stupid, Love. 7.2 Love, Rosie 7.9 The Perks of Being a Wallflower 6.3 Dear John 7.3 10 Things I Hate About You The Notebook: Deleted Scenes Storyline Edit In a nursing home, resident Duke reads a romance story to an old woman who has senile dementia with memory loss. In the late 1930s, wealthy seventeen year-old Allie Hamilton is spending summer vacation in Seabrook. Local worker Noah Calhoun meets Allie at a carnival and they soon fall in love with each other. One day, Noah brings Allie to an ancient house that he dreams of buying and restoring and they attempt to make love but get interrupted by their friend. Allie's parents do not approve of their romance since Noah belongs to another social class, and they move to New York with her. Noah writes 365 letters (A Year) to Allie, but her mother Anne Hamilton does not deliver them to her daughter. Three years later, the United States joins the World War II and Noah and his best friend Fin enlist in the army, and Allie works as an army nurse. She meets injured soldier Lon Hammond in the hospital. After the war, they meet each other again going on dates and then, Lon, who is wealthy and handsome, proposes. Meanwhile Noah buys and restores the old house and many people want to buy it. When Allie accidentally sees the photo of Noah and his house in a newspaper, she feels divided between her first love and her commitment with Lon. Meanwhile Duke stops reading to the old lady since his children are visiting him in the nursing home. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil lettersecond chancesummer loveclass differencesnursing home206 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Behind every great love is a great story. Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Ryan Gosling prepared for his role by living in Charleston, South Carolina before filming began. For two months, he rowed the Ashley River every morning and built furniture during the day. Goofs The narrator says, "And after two years of chasing Erwin Rommel through the North African desert..." American forces fought in North Africa from November 1942 to May 1943 - just 6 months. Quotes Young Noah: So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday. Alternate versions The love scenes had to be toned down to avoid an R rating in the United States. The footage is featured on the DVD as deleted scenes. Connections Edited into The Notebook: Deleted Scenes (2005) Soundtracks I'll Be Seeing You (1937) Music by Sammy Fain Lyrics by Irving Kahal User reviews1.3K Review Top review My Favorite Scene was the One with the Geese, not the Gosling Prior to watching "The Notebook," I was not familiar with the work of the actress Rachel McAdams. She made an indelible impression by sustaining an outstanding performance in this film. Her character Allie is the pivotal role in the film, as she must make the crucial romantic decision on which the story turns. There are few performers capable of evolving the complexity of characterization as achieved by Rachel McAdams. The film recreated effectively the world of the 1940s in America, including the parental pressure exerted by the well-to-do family of Allie on whether to allow their daughter to pursue a young man from the other side of the tracks. As played by Ryan Gosling, the character of Noah could have revealed more emotional layers. There was only one scene in the film where he really showed that there was something at stake in his love for Allie. He apparently wrote her a passionate letter every day for a year. Especially in the film's early scenes, Gosling could have shown more of the passion. The other cast members were outstanding, including James Garner and Gena Rowlands in the parallel story. In the two plots, "The Notebook" merits comparison with another outstanding romantic film, "The Bridges of Madison County." As the two subplots of "The Notebook" come together, one of the key characters is Allie's mother. As always, Joan Allen delivers a convincing and complete character portrayal, as the well-intentioned, but conflicted mother. In one of the most moving scenes in the film, the mother opens up to the daughter and tells her story of youthful love and a fateful choice similar to the one Allie herself must face. My favorite scene in the film: a wonderful sequence where Noah and Allie are in a boat in the backwaters of South Carolina. The waterway is simply filled with white geese. It is a stunning and picturesque moment, among many in this well-crafted film. If there is such a spot in South Carolina, then I want to go there! helpful•174 78 lavatch Jun 18, 2005 Details Edit Release date June 25, 2004 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Hotstar Official Facebook Language English Also known as 恋恋笔记本 Filming locations Boone Hall Plantation - 1235 Long Point Road, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, USA Production companies New Line Cinema Gran Via Avery Pix See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $29,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $81,001,787 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,464,745 Jun 27, 2004 Gross worldwide $117,815,157 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 3 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news It's Still Not Over: Surprising Secrets About The Notebook Revealed Nov 17E! Online Nick Cassavetes To Write High-Fashion Feature Drama ‘Couture’, In Early Talks To Direct Sep 3Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Notebook (2004) in Mexico?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.