The Last Airbender (2010) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0938283/trivia/?ref_=tt_trv_trv
The Last Airbender (2010) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit The Last Airbender (2010) Trivia Showing all 74 items Jump to: Spoilers (3) The creators of the show, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, served as executive producers and were initially supportive of the film production. However, both of them ended up being very unsatisfied with the finished product. In a podcast interview from 2014, Konietzko revealed that "A) We didn't want it to be done at all. Before anyone was attached, we didn't want it. And then B) If it was going to be done, we wanted to do it, but they weren't going to let us. C) When they attached Night, we just thought, 'Well, this is what we've been dealt. We'll just offer help when it's asked of us, and if it's not, we'll stay out of the way.' In the beginning, it was more positive and we offered help, but then we had a big falling out." They've even mentioned how they gave a lot of input that went nowhere as it all got pushed to the wayside. 336 of 340 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film was intended to be the first part of a trilogy, with the next two films being based on Books 2 and 3. While the film ultimately made a modest profit at the box office, about $150,000,000 was spent on production with another $130,000,000 spent on advertising, which would bring a total of $280,000,000 spent on one movie. Therefore, The Last Airbender didn't end up making as much to convince Paramount to move forward with any sequels. 196 of 199 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Dev Patel expressed dissatisfaction with the final film. 377 of 386 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the original show, Sokka is a funny comic relief character. However, arguably, no comedy comes from the Sokka in the movie. Significant criticism was aimed at this. 192 of 195 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The picture Zuko carries of his family is identical to the one from series, seen multiple times throughout the series and hung at the beach house. 78 of 78 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In Britain, "bender" is a slang term for a male homosexual, so lines in this movie such as "Look out, he's a bender!" resulted in plenty of giggling in UK movie theaters, making it difficult for audiences to take the film seriously. 462 of 478 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options On the set of his previous movie Slumdog Millionaire (2008), whenever Dev Patel had some free time on the set he would watch an episode of the cartoon series to prepare for his role as Zuko. 121 of 123 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the original show on which the film is based, the earthbender prison is on a metal ship at sea, so that they have no earth to bend as a weapon (metal has earthy properties but no earthbender had been powerful enough to channel it until Toph learned how to do it). In the movie, it is on ground, which many moviegoers found to be a major story problem. 192 of 197 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film was originally titled "Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005)," after the TV show on which the film is based. However, James Cameron and 20th Century Fox had already registered the film title Avatar (2009), so the word was dropped from the title to avoid confusion. 123 of 126 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Nickelodeon did not give the film any nominations at the 2011 Kids Choice Awards, despite the fact that 'Airbender' was a Nickeloden Movies motion picture. 163 of 168 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This movie won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture. 72 of 73 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first draft of the script included all 20 episodes from the first season, which added up to a running time of over 7 hours. Paramount and Nickelodeon asked M. Night Shyamalan to cut material in order to make a more condensed feature film, which Shyamalan begrudgingly agreed to. 99 of 102 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The most expensive movie ever produced by Nickelodeon Movies, with a budget of $150 million and an additional $130 million in advertising. 80 of 82 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In spring of 2010 (before the film's release), director M. Night Shyamalan was quoted by Entertainment Weekly as saying The Last Airbender was his "best movie". 197 of 207 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Noah Ringer submitted an audition tape of himself doing martial arts with a completely shaved head with Aang's signature arrow tattoo painted onto his forehead to Paramount Pictures. This video is what won him the role. 138 of 144 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's failure may be attributed to the fact that extensive changes to its source material were made in order to rush it into production and be converted to 3D in time for a blockbuster release. 105 of 109 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Tied with The Twilight Saga: Eclipse (2010) for the most Razzie nominations at the 2011 Razzie Awards, the award show honoring the worst motion pictures of the year. Each film had nine nominations. Airbender was nominated for every category besides Worst Actor and Worst Actress. The movie ended up winning five of the Razzies it was nominated for, including Worst Picture of the year. One of those awards was won by actor Jackson Rathbone, who appeared in both films and thus, was awarded the Worst Supporting Actor trophy for that year. 117 of 123 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Actress Seychelle Gabriel, who plays Princess Yue in the movie, later provided the voice of Asami Sato in the animated series The Legend of Korra (2012), sequel to Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005). 32 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In 2018, Bryan Konetzkio and Michael DiMartino announced that the series would be rebooted in live action on Netflix, effectively killing the chances of sequels to the film. 72 of 75 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Dee Bradley Baker, who voiced Appa and Momo in Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005), voices them again for the film. 78 of 82 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Noah Ringer holds a Black Belt in Taekwondo, which is one of the reasons why he was chosen for the Title role of Aang. 62 of 65 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Almost 30 minutes of footage was cut from the theatrical release because Paramount Pictures wanted the film converted to 3D as quickly as possible, in an effort to save money. They had already invested over $150 million into the movie's production. 51 of 53 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Sokka's stone-tipped spear, the knife in his belt, and a trident harpoon seen briefly in his tent, were all made by Barry Howe of Lethal Lithics in Wisconsin, USA. Not made of plastic or rubber, these are actually very dangerous weapons. 71 of 75 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Dev Patel submitted a tape to the studio, auditioning for the part of Zuko. This was before he had achieved international success with Slumdog Millionaire (2008). 50 of 52 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Zac Efron auditioned for the part of Sokka, and M. Night Shyamalan offered him the role, but he had to turn it down because of scheduling conflicts. 80 of 85 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Although the characters of Sokka and Katara are meant to be only a few years apart (Sokka is 16 and Katara is 14 in the animated series), Jackson Rathbone is 11 years older than Nicola Peltz. 42 of 44 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Feature film debut of Noah Ringer, who was suggested by his classmates in Karate Class to audition for the upcoming film, as they believed he bore a resemblance to Aang. His instructor started watching the show and also noticed the resemblance to Aang, encouraging him to audition as well. As he had no prior acting experience, he was required to attend acting school before filming began. 68 of 74 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to Industrial Lights and Magic, the bending VFX seen in the movie were the most difficult to render. 36 of 38 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jackson Rathbone originally auditioned for the part of Prince Zuko. 36 of 38 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options When casting for the cancelled sequel initially commenced, a fan discussion forum was posted online asking for suggestions on who should play Toph, a major character introduced in Book 2: Earth, with a few requirements being the existence of an IMDb page and the actress being of Asian descent. Many suggested Chloë Grace Moretz, despite being non-Asian, but when she was questioned about the role, she was rather enthusiastic about it and said she would accept if offered. Milla Jovovich, when hearing the announcement of a possible sequel, asked her agent to make sure she got a role in the film when production commenced, as she was a fan of the animated series. It was rumored that she was eyeing the role of Ursa, Zuko's mother. 17 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Another change from the animated series to the film is the arrival date of Sozin's Comet. It was expected to arrive in a few months in the animated series, which was why Aang was under pressure to master the 4 elements very soon. In the film it was 3 years. This change was made to preemptively explain why the child actors would get visibly older in the then-planned sequels. Compared to the animated show, which took place over the course of a few months, production for the films would have to occur over several years, and this would have saved the trouble of recasting actors if the current cast started to outgrow their roles. 17 of 17 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jesse McCartney was originally cast to play Zuko, but was replaced with Dev Patel due to scheduling conflicts. 47 of 51 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options M. Night Shyamalan first started watching the cartoon when his daughter wanted to dress as Katara for Halloween one year. 57 of 63 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options A scene involving the Kyoshi Warriors and the introduction of their leader Suki, Sokka's other love interest, who was played by Jessica Jade Andres was filmed (with even a promotional poster featuring Suki being released) but removed from the final cut, due to the director's belief that it was a separate story and would only distract from the movie's main storyline. 44 of 48 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Another "giant change" M. Night Shyamalan made from the animated series to the big screen was to limit the Fire Bender's source of fire. Only the highest of the Fire Benders can conjure flames from their chi. This resulted in several criticisms from audiences about how this deliberate choice creates a new plot hole, as it begs the question of how the Fire Nation were able to not only conquer several Earth Kingdom villages but also commit genocide of the Air Nomads and nearly annihilate the Southern Water Tribe with such an Achilles Heel on their abilities. 78 of 88 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Although the word was dropped from the title, avatar is derived from a Sanskrit word which literally means "those who descend". 28 of 30 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first film directed by M. Night Shyamalan that was not based on an original script. 39 of 43 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The VFXperts based the air-bending VFX on dust/snow particles. 21 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Although the film was universally lambasted by critics, its soundtrack received critical praise. 32 of 35 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Converting the film to 3D cost an extra $5-$10 million. 25 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In a 2019 lecture at NYU's Stern School of Business, M. Night Shyamalan publicly disowned his films The Last Airbender (2010) and After Earth (2013), calling them "junk movies." He added: "I did a couple huge, big-budget CGI movies. There has always been this inexorable pull to join the group; a constant seduction in the form of whatever you want to tally, in the form of money, or safety, ease, not getting criticized. I did these movies, and I rightfully got crushed, because they said, 'You don't believe in yourself, you don't believe in your own voice, and in you don't believe in your values.' I felt really lost. It just didn't work. There's probably something Darwinian about all this.". 28 of 31 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The release of this movie prompted a group of fans to remodel a 1985 Chevy Astro van into an Appa look-a-like, known as The Appamobile. 45 of 52 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the seventh collaboration between composer James Newton Howard and Director M. Night Shyamalan. This would mark the fourth longest relationship between director/film music composer in Hollywood at the current time. John Williams and Steven Spielberg at over 36 years, and Alan Silvestri and Robert Zemeckis and Carter Burwell and Joel Coen at 26 years, and Danny Elfman and Tim Burton at 14 years continuously however going on for 25 years with the exception of Ed Wood (1994) rank ahead of those director/composers who are still active. 30 of 34 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The hairstylists initially recreated Katara's iconic "hair loopies" hairstyle for the film. Upon production however, Nicola Peltz was having issues with the loops of hair constantly getting in her eyes, and the style was slightly changed to have them pulled back against her head a little farther. 10 of 10 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options At $150 million, this makes this film M. Night Shyamalan's and Nickelodeon's most expensive film. 24 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Ozai in the film is seen several times in full body view. In the animated series, Ozai's face and overall appearance were obscured and never shown until the final season, Book 3: Fire, where the viewers finally see his face. 15 of 16 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first PG-rated film (in the USA) M. Night Shyamalan has directed since Wide Awake (1998). 19 of 21 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to M. Night Shyamalan, the "mispronunciation" of the names of some of the characters (Aang, Sokka, Avatar, etc) is due to the fact that he wished to 'honor the source material' and use the Asian pronunciation. 80 of 101 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Nicola Peltz was M. Night Shyamalan's only choice to play Katara. 46 of 56 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options According to a member of an Avatar forum by the name of Kyatto, the film was a victim of studio interference and went through a troubled production that began with a ghost writer doing uncredited re-writes to the script, and ended with M. Night Shyamalan getting tired of arguing with the overheads, giving up, and collecting his paycheck. 27 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Dragon Spirit is technically an original character that does not have an animated counterpart. He is supposed to be a composite character of Avatar Roku, Fang, Koh and Guru Pathik from Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005). That being said, Avatar Roku is briefly mentioned in the film, as the Fire Nation Avatar that preceded Aang. 30 of 36 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Isaac Jin Solstein plays an unnamed Earth Kingdom villager who is to be arrested for illegally Earthbending. This young boy is an homage to the character Haru from the animated series, who was a villager in an Earth Kingdom village where Earthbending was outlawed. 8 of 8 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Although this movie does not take place in Philadelphia, (like all of M. Night Shyamalan's other movies) some of the movie was shot there. 35 of 43 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first Nickelodeon movie based on a Nicktoon to ever be nominated for a Razzie award, no others have been nominated possibly due to them being animated and it's rare for animated films to be nominated for Razzies. 29 of 35 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is Paramount and Nickelodeon's first and only live action feature film based on an animated Nickelodeon Television series until Dora and the Lost City of Gold (2019). 12 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Noah Ringer's mother paid him a visit several times on the set, as she wanted to see if he was being treated well by the crew and that the stuntwork didn't pose any risk to her son. 12 of 13 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Paramount set about casting for the film by initiating a specific internet site where applicants could submit their casting tapes. 19 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options M. Night Shyamalan called Dev Patel on the phone to personally inform him he had gotten the part of Zuko. 33 of 41 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jackson Rathbone stated his fight scenes in the movie were his favorite scenes to film. 26 of 32 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Scenes in the Southern Water Tribe were filmed in Greenland, which was rather troublesome and uncomfortable for the cast and crew due to the harsh weather. 7 of 7 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options 119 people were in the orchestra conducted by James Newton Howard during the recording of the score. 29 of 38 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Rather than software, computer graphic cards were the basis for "bending" the elements, allowing previews to be viewed more swiftly. This resulted in M. Night Shyamalan directing more than sixty takes before the effect was finished and lined up with his visions. 19 of 24 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film received excessive criticism for its casting of ethnically and racially inaccurate actors for the roles of characters inspired by Asian culture, leading to several whitewashing accusations, as Aang is a Buddhist character, while Katara and Sokka are based on Inuit, and Fire Nation characters like Zuko and Iroh are supposed to be Japanese. This criticism was countered by the filmmakers who pointed out how every nation in the film is multicultural, with a mix of several races and ethnicities in each location. 24 of 34 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The entire fight scene between the Earthbenders and Fire Nation soldiers at the prison camp was shot in one long, uninterrupted take. 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Though Suki was ultimately not featured in the film, she could actually be glimpsed briefly along with the rest of the Kiyoshi warriors in the French theatrical trailer. Jessica Jade Andres, who played Suki, was also slated to reprise her role for the ultimately cancelled sequel. 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Zhao briefly makes mention of a mystical library where he found the secret to destroying waterbending to Ozai. This was a setup for the sequel, where Aang and his friends would travel to find said library to find the secret to defeating the Fire Nation. It was an important plot point in Book 2: Earth of the television show. Such a thing would never be seen as a result of the sequel being cancelled. 3 of 3 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options After the moderate financial success from After Earth (2013), Nickelodeon stated in 2015 that they initially wanted M. Night Shyamalan to make the planned sequel to this film. Shymalan confirmed that he was working on the sequel after his next "thriller". Production stalled before the project was eventually abandoned. 19 of 36 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options As of the end of 2020, Noah Ringer, who plays the deal character, has never acted in any other film since the making of this movie. 4 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Jackson Rathbone is in real life three years older than Jack De Sena who voiced Sokka in the animated series the film is based on. 7 of 22 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Riffed by the guys from MST3K under the Rifftrax name, Michael J Nelson, Bill Corbett and Kevin Murphy 3 of 25 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This film is both, Katharine Houghton's first feature film in 6 years after appearing in Kinsey (2004), and the last feature film she would appear in. 1 of 6 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spoilers The trivia items below may give away important plot points. Filming of Admiral Zhao's death, where he is drowned in a floating water bubble by Northern Water Tribe Warriors, required the special effects artists to carefully study how water looks in zero gravity to accurately render it. As the giant Ocean Spirit form combined with Aang, where he destroys several Fire Nation ships in an aquatic fish body, was opted out because it would have been difficult and expensive to animate, it was instead replaced with Aang creating a giant rogue wave and a change in Zhao's death. Retroactively speaking, Zhao was technically killed in comparison to his animated counterpart. He was presumed dead by characters and viewers when the Moon Spirit form dragged him into the ocean. The Legend of Korra (2012) however revealed that he is still alive, and was simply captured and taken to the spirit world. 17 of 18 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Katara and Sokka's grandmother makes a brief mention of her friend Hama being captured by the Fire Nation in a raid. Hama was a guest character in Book 3: Fire of the animated series, who is revealed to be a surviving Waterbender of the Southern Water Tribe, and to have been friends with their grandmother in her youth. 14 of 15 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film ends with Ozai bestowing his daughter Azula the mission to hunt down the Avatar, her traitor brother Zuko and uncle Iroh. This was intended to set up Azula as the main antagonist for the sequel that ended up getting canceled. 13 of 14 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » The Last Airbender Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Fantazija a list of 39 titles created 25 Jan 2019 Live action a list of 29 titles created 4 months ago Plan to watch a list of 30 titles created 30 May 2013 Hall of Shame: The Worst of Movies a list of 40 titles created 12 May 2011 Worst Movies of all time a list of 48 titles created 9 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.