The Killing of a Sacred Deer (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5715874/
The Killing of a Sacred Deer (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Killing of a Sacred Deer 20172017 RR 2h 1m IMDb RATING 7.0/10 138K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 345 276 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:57 4 Videos 99+ Photos DramaHorrorMystery Steven, a charismatic surgeon, is forced to make an unthinkable sacrifice after his life starts to fall apart, when the behavior of a teenage boy he has taken under his wing turns sinister.Steven, a charismatic surgeon, is forced to make an unthinkable sacrifice after his life starts to fall apart, when the behavior of a teenage boy he has taken under his wing turns sinister.Steven, a charismatic surgeon, is forced to make an unthinkable sacrifice after his life starts to fall apart, when the behavior of a teenage boy he has taken under his wing turns sinister. IMDb RATING 7.0/10 138K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 345 276 Director Yorgos Lanthimos Writers Yorgos Lanthimos Efthymis Filippou Stars Barry G. Bernson Herb Caillouet Bill Camp Top credits Director Yorgos Lanthimos Writers Yorgos Lanthimos Efthymis Filippou Stars Barry G. Bernson Herb Caillouet Bill Camp See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 396Critic reviews 73Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 6 wins & 54 nominations Videos4 Trailer 1:57 The Killing of a Sacred Deer Trailer 1:10 "Playdate" Trailer Trailer 1:26 Teaser Trailer Clip 1:51 A Guide to the Films of Yorgos Lanthimos Photos221 Top cast Edit Barry G. Bernson Dr. Larry Banksas Dr. Larry Banks Herb Caillouet Ed Thompson (Hospital Director)as Ed Thompson (Hospital Director) Bill Camp Matthew Williamsas Matthew Williams Raffey Cassidy Kim Murphyas Kim Murphy Denise Dal Vera Mary Williamsas Mary Williams Colin Farrell Steven Murphyas Steven Murphy Barry Keoghan Martinas Martin Nicole Kidman Anna Murphyas Anna Murphy Drew Logan Principalas Principal Alicia Silverstone Martin's Motheras Martin's Mother Sunny Suljic Bob Murphyas Bob Murphy Michael Trester Elderly Manas Elderly Man Ming Wang Doctor (Abdominal)as Doctor (Abdominal) Dylan Keith Adams Doctor at Conference and Event Dinneras Doctor at Conference and Event Dinner (uncredited) Mike Ancas Bunraku Puppeteeras Bunraku Puppeteer (uncredited) Michael Lee Bailey Conference Guestas Conference Guest (uncredited) Denise Barone Medical Conference Attendeeas Medical Conference Attendee (uncredited) Lea Hutton Beasmore Conference Guestas Conference Guest (uncredited) Director Yorgos Lanthimos Writers Yorgos Lanthimos Efthymis Filippou All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.2 The Lobster 7.2 Kynodontas 7.5 The Favourite 6.6 Mother! 6.6 Nimic 7.0 Climax 6.4 Alpeis 6.9 The VVitch: A New-England Folktale 6.8 The House That Jack Built 7.4 Good Time 6.6 Antichrist 7.5 The Lighthouse Storyline Edit After the untimely death of 16-year-old Martin's father on the operating table, little by little, a deep and empathetic bond begins to form between him and the respected cardiothoracic surgeon, Dr Steven Murphy. At first, expensive gifts and then an invitation for dinner will soon earn the orphaned teenager the approval of Dr Steven's perfect family, even though right from the start, a vague, yet unnerving feeling overshadows Martin's honest intent. And then, unexpectedly, the idyllic family is smote by a fierce and pitiless punishment, while at the same time, everything will start falling apart as the innocents have to suffer. In the end, as the sins of one burden the entire family, only an unimaginable and unendurable decision that demands a pure sacrifice can purge the soul. But to find catharsis, one must first admit the sin. —Nick Riganas recovering alcoholicrevengemythologyobsessionrefusing to eat395 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Drama Horror Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) R for disturbing violent and sexual content, some graphic nudity and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Heart surgery scenes in the film are real. They were filmed during an operation on a real patient who was undergoing quadruple bypass surgery which Colin Farrell attended. Goofs When Martin talks about his father's favorite film, Barry Keoghan's Irish accent can be heard on the word "father" Quotes Steven Murphy: A surgeon never kills a patient. An anaesthesiologist can kill a patient, but a surgeon never can. Connections Featured in The Graham Norton Show: Jane Fonda/Nicole Kidman/Colin Farrell/Bryan Cranston/Matt Lucas/Niall Horan (2017) Soundtracks Stabat Mater D383: I. Jesus Christus schwebt am Kreuzel (Chor) Composed by Franz Schubert Performed by Michel Corboz Licensed courtesy of Warner Music UK Ltd User reviews1K Review Top review 10/10 Easy film...NOT! I don't want to write any criticism for the movie. Most good reviews have done it better than me. What I would like to write has to do with basic understanding of a particular kind of movies. There are movies which are self-explanatory and there are movies like this one. I find it sad that a lot of critics have the words "obtuse, weird, no meaning, garbage, etc ". I am Greek so I am familiar with the context and the generic idea behind the movie but even in other complicated movies (directors like Aronofsky, Bunuel, etc have created movies like this one (and because i want to avoid haters, i am NOT making a comparison between Lanthimos and those guys)), I always, ALWAYS think and read before I judge. It's one of those movies that you need to think and even by thinking you may still not be able to understand it. You may need to read before passing any judgment. But for me at least this is the beautiful thing with these kind of movies. They educate you. You evolve as a personality because of them. To rephrase it, you may evolve as a personality because of them if you let yourself open. If you baptize the movie as crap just because you found the acting "weird" or "empty" without thinking why the director choose this approach(?), then you have barricaded yourself under the safety of your own little world. Of course if you believe that a movie is good only if you are able to understand it without the need of any reading, considerable thinking etc. then of course this is not a movie for you and you have excluded yourself from a vast collection of amazing directors and movies but that's just personal preference. There is always a new Saw movie coming along :) ! helpful•301 258 sektoras-53704 Dec 18, 2017 FAQ2 Is it just me or does this movie heavily borrow cinematography style and even incidental music style from 'The Shining'? Details Edit Release date November 3, 2017 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin Ireland United Kingdom Official sites A24 (United States) Facebook (United Kingdom) Languages English French Also known as 圣鹿之死 Filming locations Cincinnati, Ohio, USA Production companies Element Pictures A24 Film4 See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $2,291,901 Opening weekend US & Canada $115,120 Oct 22, 2017 Gross worldwide $7,027,336 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 1 minute Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news 20 Terrifying Non-Horror Movies Oct 28Indiewire Toni Collette & Monica Bellucci To Star In Catherine Hardwicke Mob Comedy ‘Mafia Mamma’ — AFM Oct 13Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Killing of a Sacred Deer (2017)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.