The French Dispatch (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8847712/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_12
The French Dispatch (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The French Dispatch 20212021 RR 1h 47m IMDb RATING 7.5/10 23K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 12 3 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:26 9 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDramaRomance A love letter to journalists set in an outpost of an American newspaper in a fictional twentieth century French city that brings to life a collection of stories published in "The French Disp... Read allA love letter to journalists set in an outpost of an American newspaper in a fictional twentieth century French city that brings to life a collection of stories published in "The French Dispatch Magazine".A love letter to journalists set in an outpost of an American newspaper in a fictional twentieth century French city that brings to life a collection of stories published in "The French Dispatch Magazine". IMDb RATING 7.5/10 23K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 12 3 Director Wes Anderson Writers Wes Anderson(screenplay by) Roman Coppola(story by) Hugo Guinness(story by) Stars Benicio Del Toro Adrien Brody Tilda Swinton Top credits Director Wes Anderson Writers Wes Anderson(screenplay by) Roman Coppola(story by) Hugo Guinness(story by) Stars Benicio Del Toro Adrien Brody Tilda Swinton See production, box office & company info 183User reviews 180Critic reviews 74Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 5 nominations Videos9 Trailer 1:01 International Trailer Trailer 2:26 Official Trailer Clip 3:48 The Rise of Timothée Chalamet Clip 1:54 A Guide to the Films of Wes Anderson Clip 1:32 Let's Start With The Typos Clip 1:32 The French Dispatch Featurette 3:29 The French Dispatch Video 1:03 The Trailer Trailer for the Week of Feb. 17, 2020 Photos197 Top cast Edit Benicio Del Toro Moses Rosenthaleras Moses Rosenthaler Adrien Brody Julian Cadazioas Julian Cadazio Tilda Swinton J.K.L. Berensenas J.K.L. Berensen Léa Seydoux Simoneas Simone Frances McDormand Lucinda Krementzas Lucinda Krementz Timothée Chalamet Zeffirellias Zeffirelli Lyna Khoudri Julietteas Juliette Jeffrey Wright Roebuck Wrightas Roebuck Wright Mathieu Amalric The Commissaireas The Commissaire Steve Park Nescaffieras Nescaffier (as Stephen Park) Bill Murray Arthur Howitzer, Jr.as Arthur Howitzer, Jr. Owen Wilson Herbsaint Sazeracas Herbsaint Sazerac Bob Balaban Uncle Nickas Uncle Nick Henry Winkler Uncle Joeas Uncle Joe Lois Smith Upshur 'Maw' Clampetteas Upshur 'Maw' Clampette Tony Revolori Young Rosenthaleras Young Rosenthaler Denis Ménochet Prison Guardas Prison Guard Larry Pine Chief Magistrateas Chief Magistrate Director Wes Anderson Writers Wes Anderson(screenplay by) (story by) Roman Coppola(story by) Hugo Guinness(story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson IMDb takes a closer look at the trademarks of Wes Anderson's directorial style, including tracking shots, hand-placed objects, distinct color palettes, and more.Watch the video 1:54 More like this 7.5 Last Night in Soho 7.9 Isle of Dogs 8.1 The Grand Budapest Hotel 7.6 The Royal Tenenbaums 7.8 Moonrise Kingdom 7.7 The Last Duel 7.2 The Darjeeling Limited 7.3 Spencer 7.3 The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou 7.7 Rushmore 7.0 Bottle Rocket 8.2 Dune: Part One Storyline Edit A love letter to journalists set in an outpost of an American newspaper in a fictional twentieth century French city that brings to life a collection of stories published in "The French Dispatch Magazine". journalistactor shares last name with characterpainterfemale frontal nuditybicycle99 more Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Comedy Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for graphic nudity, some sexual references and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During the ending credits are shown some covers of The French Dispatch through its history. They were created by Spanish illustrator Javi Aznarez, loosely inspired in The New Yorker's covers. Quotes [Lucinda Krementz pulls a shower curtain back to reveal Zeffirelli in the bathtub with a towel wrapped around his head] Zeffirelli: [gasps] I'm naked, Ms. Krementz! Lucinda Krementz: I can see that. Connections Referenced in WatchMojo: Top 10 Movies That Will Blow Your Mind in 2020 (2020) Soundtracks Bouree Sur Place & Forward (Waltz in C# Minor from Les Sylphides) Written by Frédéric Chopin Performed by Steven Mitchell Courtesy of Danceables Records User reviews183 Review Top review 7/10 Apex Wes Anderson-ness, nadir narrative. I often do not agree with professional critics, but I have to concur with Vanity Fair, and NYTimes and others that this film Wes Anderson stumbles, and it is below average work compared to Anderson prior successes. And is it, as a number of reviewers here say, an "homage to journalists?" The journalists in this are actually portrayed as impressionist, seeing and transmitting not the real, but rather their own artificial views of 1960's France. Stylistically it certainly is apex-Anderson. And that is always enjoyable both in terms of admiring a craft well done and a reward for attentiveness to style. It does approach being finicky, almost cranky at times,. But not too far over the line. Unfortunately the film's core is a narrative jumble. Actually several narratives jumbled. I can only think this occurred in the editing room, perhaps with so much work there, that the director and editors start to forget that the audience is seeing the film for the first time and that the narratives on the first viewing has to make sense. Even breaking it into four vignettes makes it worse, not better. Look at the treatment of the James Baldwin character: Brilliant subject, brilliant actor, yet the character comes off as superficial. It is pretty clear Anderson loves The New Yorker of old, the Ross and Shawn eras before it dropped in quality in its evolution into a corporate controlled media in a conglomerate that includes Conde Nast. The real quality of the New Yorker is in its long form (for a magazine) fiction and non-fiction. In fact the modern New Yorker, with current editor Remnick using more reporters than noted writers, is part of the reason why its advertising has dropped, its audience aged, and its once famously unassailable fact checking now a caricature of former quality. But French Dispatch is *not* an homage to journalists, thank goodness. Anderson clearly mocks them as much as he lauds them. It is really an homage to France, specifically an American impression of France. (French critics have said Dispatch is patronizing, but we will leave that). It is the post-WWII France of the bicycle, baguette, Bardot and beret, albeit without nearly enough cigarettes. Not the 1930's era of Miller and Hemingway in Paris, unfortunately, as that would not have fit use of an American/The New Yorker point of view device. But the less interesting 1950's-60's period. Strangely enough with no detectable nod by Andersen to the most influential cultural export of the time -- French film. Overall Dispatch is a worthwhile viewing. Certainly for the technical adherence to Anderson's own single occupancy genre. The quirkiness has a bit of a forced element to it. But not artificial or crammed in, not overly so. The main problem is instead of turning pages, as one would do reading The New Yorker, there is more of a feeling of being in a labyrinth without Ariadne's thread, or a general disjointedness. 7.5/10. helpful•16 7 random-70778 Oct 29, 2021 FAQ3 When is the release date? What happened to Kate Winslet? She seems to have disappeared from the listed casting? Why is Kate Winslet not listed in the credits anymore? Not even in the trailer... What happened there? Details Edit Release date October 21, 2021 (Germany) Countries of origin United States Germany Official site Official site Languages English French Also known as 法兰西特派 Filming locations Angoulême, Charente, France Production companies American Empirical Pictures Indian Paintbrush Studio Babelsberg See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $11,709,830 Opening weekend US & Canada $1,348,804 Oct 24, 2021 Gross worldwide $22,998,058 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 47 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news Shooting the Impossible for Wes Anderson’s ‘The French Dispatch’ Nov 16Variety Film + TV Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford Nov 15CinemaNerdz Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to The French Dispatch (2021) in Brazil?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.