The Baby-Sitters Club (1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112435/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
The Baby-Sitters Club (1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Baby-Sitters Club 19951995 PGPG 1h 34m IMDb RATING 5.8/10 5.7K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:00 2 Videos 62 Photos ComedyDramaFamily Seven junior-high-school girls organize a daycare camp for children while at the same time experiencing classic adolescent growing pains.Seven junior-high-school girls organize a daycare camp for children while at the same time experiencing classic adolescent growing pains.Seven junior-high-school girls organize a daycare camp for children while at the same time experiencing classic adolescent growing pains. IMDb RATING 5.8/10 5.7K YOUR RATING Rate Director Melanie Mayron Writers Ann M. Martin(based on the book series by) Dalene Young Stars Schuyler Fisk Bre Blair Rachael Leigh Cook Top credits Director Melanie Mayron Writers Ann M. Martin(based on the book series by) Dalene Young Stars Schuyler Fisk Bre Blair Rachael Leigh Cook See production, box office & company info 39User reviews 22Critic reviews 48Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 1 nomination Videos2 Trailer 2:00 The Baby-Sitters Club Trailer 0:32 The Babysitters Club Photos62 Top cast Edit Schuyler Fisk Kristyas Kristy Bre Blair Staceyas Stacey Rachael Leigh Cook Mary Anneas Mary Anne Larisa Oleynik Dawnas Dawn Tricia Joe Claudiaas Claudia Stacy Linn Ramsower Malloryas Mallory Zelda Harris Jessias Jessi Vanessa Zima Rosie Wilderas Rosie Wilder Christian Oliver Lucaas Luca Brooke Adams Elizabeth Thomas Breweras Elizabeth Thomas Brewer Bruce Davison Watsonas Watson Jessica Needham Karenas Karen Ellen Burstyn Mrs. Habermanas Mrs. Haberman Asher Metchik Jackie Rodowskyas Jackie Rodowsky Austin O'Brien Logan Brunoas Logan Bruno Marla Sokoloff Cokie Masonas Cokie Mason Ashlee Turner Bebeas Bebe Natanya Ross Graceas Grace Director Melanie Mayron Writers Ann M. Martin(based on the book series by) Dalene Young All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 The Baby-Sitters Club 7.4 The Baby-Sitters Club 5.9 Harriet the Spy 7.5 The Secret World of Alex Mack 6.1 Rip Girls 5.3 Monkey Trouble 7.9 The Torkelsons 6.7 Wish Upon a Star 5.3 My Girl 2 6.1 Miracle in Lane 2 5.9 Stepsister from Planet Weird 5.9 The Ultimate Christmas Present Storyline Edit When Kristy Thomas, president of The Baby-Sitters Club, has a brilliant idea to run a summer day camp, the girls all agree it's the perfect way to spend their summer together. But life gets complicated as budding romance, family problems, and three rival teen girls conspire to ruin the club, all putting the friendships between the members to the test. —Rebekah Swain friendshipfemale protagonistcoming of agecakeblowing out a candle81 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Friends Forever Genres Comedy Drama Family Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for brief mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Stacy Linn Ramsower, a natural blonde, had to dye and perm her hair for the role of redheaded, frizzy-haired Mallory Pike. Goofs During Claudia's test in the first shot she holds the pencil vertically with the eraser end touching the table. In the second shot her hand is flat on the table and the pencil rests horizontally in her hand with the eraser aimed at her. The third and fourth shots has her holding it vertically again with the eraser end down. Quotes Kristy Thomas: Hi, I'm Kristy. I'm the founding member of the Baby-Sitters Club. I don't mean to brag or anything but we're famous, here in Stoneybrook. Everybody knows us. That's because everybody uses us. You call one number, and get connected with seven incredible babysitters. This is Stacey, she's our club treasurer. She's good at keeping track of money, she's also good at spending it. Stace was raised in New York City. Sometimes she thinks she still lives there. That's Mary Anne. When we were little, we used to live next door to each other. She's kind of quiet, kind of serious. Why are we friends? They say opposites attract. Dawn's Mary Anne's stepsister. She grew up in California. Dawn really cares about the environment. Her biggest regret is that she wasn't born on earth day. Claudia's an amazing artist. She's REALLY talented. I mean, do you anybody who can take a fourk and a hammer and turn it into... That? And of course Mallory, she's a junior member of the club. She started her novel when she turned eleven and is determined to finish it by the time she's eleven and a half. Jessi is Mallory's best friend and another junior member of the club. Jessi's motto is ''Why walks when you can dance?''. You know, we're more than just a club. We're friends. Best friends. Nothing could ever change that. Crazy credits Random phone calls are heard throughout the opening credits. Connections Featured in The Nostalgia Chick: Babysitters Club (2009) Soundtracks Girl-Girlfriend Written by David Michael Frank, Todd Smallwood, and Kevin Krakower Performed by BSC with lead vocal by Lisa Donovan Lukas (as Lesa O'Donovan) Produced by David Michael Frank and Todd Smallwood User reviews39 Review Top review okaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay...I know... Okay, so maybe I am a 17-year-old guy now. That never stopped me from Liking The Baby-sitters Club and I only stopped reading the books because my mother didn't want me to. I still haven't popped out of the phase, and I occasionally go back to read the books. When I saw the movie appear, I wanted to go accompany a friend to see it (she was only 7). Anyhow, I missed my chance there and didn't get to see the film until it appeared on Showtime down here (a year after it was released on video). I still found it appealing. Mainly thanks to the park bench scene between Stacey, Luka and Rosie (I always thought Stacey was Charlotte Johanssen's favourite...) Basically the Club of the title is holding a playgroup (I now scare you by saying it sounds like book #7) except there is a perturbed neighbour who threatens the club, and Kristy's father demands that she spends more time with him while letting nobody else know of his existence in Stoneybrook. On top of that, Claudia has summer school, Mary Anne is the only person to know the truth about Kristy and Alan Gray (stupid jerky dweeb extraordinaire) is trying to date Dawn using tips from Logan. And diabetic Anastasia Elizabeth McGill is in love with a guy four years her senior. That's pretty much the books done for you helpful•8 3 Jusenkyo_no_Pikachu Mar 10, 2002 Details Edit Release date August 18, 1995 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Клуб нянь Filming locations The Pink Motel & Cadillac Jack's Diner, 9457 San Fernando Road, Sun Valley, California, USA Production companies Beacon Communications Beacon Pictures Columbia Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $9,685,976 Opening weekend US & Canada $3,418,908 Aug 20, 1995 Gross worldwide $9,685,976 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 34 minutes Sound mix Dolby SR Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news The Baby-Sitters Club Review: The Netflix Show Is About So Much More Than Just Nostalgia Jun 29TVGuide - Breaking News Netflix Is Adding 81 New Movies And TV Shows This Week Jun 28We Got This Covered Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Baby-Sitters Club (1995) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.