The Third Man (1949) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041959/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_167
The Third Man (1949) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Third Man 19491949 ApprovedApproved 1h 44m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 166K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,412 567 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:31 3 Videos 99+ Photos Film-NoirMysteryThriller Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime.Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime.Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 166K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,412 567 Director Carol Reed Writers Graham Greene(by) Orson Welles(uncredited) Alexander Korda(story) Stars Orson Welles Joseph Cotten Alida Valli Top credits Director Carol Reed Writers Graham Greene(by) Orson Welles(uncredited) Alexander Korda(story) Stars Orson Welles Joseph Cotten Alida Valli See production, box office & company info 500User reviews 203Critic reviews 97Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #167 Won 1 Oscar 5 wins & 4 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 1:31 The Third Man: 4k Restoration Trailer 2:24 The Third Man Trailer 1:30 The Third Man - Rialto Pictures Trailer Photos206 Top cast Edit Orson Welles Harry Limeas Harry Lime Joseph Cotten Holly Martinsas Holly Martins Alida Valli Anna Schmidtas Anna Schmidt Trevor Howard Maj. Callowayas Maj. Calloway Paul Hörbiger Karlas Karl (as Paul Hoerbiger) Ernst Deutsch Baron Kurtzas Baron Kurtz Erich Ponto Dr. Winkelas Dr. Winkel Siegfried Breuer Popescuas Popescu Hedwig Bleibtreu Anna's Landladyas Anna's Landlady Bernard Lee Sgt. Paineas Sgt. Paine Wilfrid Hyde-White Crabbinas Crabbin Nelly Arno Kurtz's Motheras Kurtz's Mother (uncredited) Jack Arrow International Patrol Aas International Patrol A (uncredited) Harold Ayer Soldieras Soldier (uncredited) Harry Belcher Man Chasing Hollyas Man Chasing Holly (uncredited) Leo Bieber Casanova Barmanas Casanova Barman (uncredited) Paul Birch Military Policemanas Military Policeman (uncredited) Martin Boddey Russian Military Policemanas Russian Military Policeman (uncredited) Director Carol Reed Writers Graham Greene(by) (screen play) Orson Welles(uncredited) Alexander Korda(story) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Double Indemnity 8.0 Touch of Evil 8.2 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 8.1 On the Waterfront 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.0 The Maltese Falcon 8.2 All About Eve 8.3 M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder 8.2 Dial M for Murder 8.3 The Apartment 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai Storyline Edit An out of work pulp fiction novelist, Holly Martins, arrives in a post war Vienna divided into sectors by the victorious allies, and where a shortage of supplies has led to a flourishing black market. He arrives at the invitation of an ex-school friend, Harry Lime, who has offered him a job, only to discover that Lime has recently died in a peculiar traffic accident. From talking to Lime's friends and associates Martins soon notices that some of the stories are inconsistent, and determines to discover what really happened to Harry Lime. —Mark Thompson <mrt@oasis.icl.co.uk> rubblepresumed deadfake passportpost world war two austriamilitary officer133 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Carol Reed's Classic Thriller Genres Film-Noir Mystery Thriller Certificate Approved Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The Vienna Police Dept. has a special unit that is assigned solely to patrol the city's intricate sewer system, as its network of interlocking tunnels make great hiding places for criminals on the run from the law, stolen property, drugs, etc. The "actors" playing police officers in the film were actually off-duty members of that unit. Goofs In the two separate back projection shots of Calloway, Martins and Paine, supposedly traveling in a jeep at night in Vienna, a double-decker London bus can be seen in the background. Quotes Harry Lime: Don't be so gloomy. After all, it's not that awful. Like the fella says, in Italy for 30 years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love - they had 500 years of democracy and peace, and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock. So long, Holly. Crazy credits Opening credits prologue: V I E N N A Alternate versions The UK version features introductory voice-over by the director Carol Reed; in the US version Joseph Cotten provides the voice-over, as his character Holly Martins. The UK version runs 104 minutes, versus the US version at 93 minutes, which was cut by producer David O. Selznick to give the film a tighter pace. Both versions have been released on video in the U.S., but as of today the most common is the longer British cut. A video comparison between the narrations appears on the U.S. Criterion Collection DVD. Connections Edited into American Cinema: Film Noir (1995) Soundtracks The Third Man Theme (1949) (uncredited) Written by Anton Karas Performed by Anton Karas on a zither User reviews500 Review Top review 10/10 Joseph Cotten is Excellent in Revolutionary Film Noir "I never knew the Old Vienna, before the war, with its Strauss Music," opens Carol Reed's The Third Man, and we catch a glimpse of the New Vienna, with its Black Market and its Shady Deals. Joseph Cotten plays cheap novelette author Holly Martins, just arrived in Vienna to meet with long-time friend Harry Lime, who offered him a job. He instead meets with the mysterious facts surrounding the death of Lime, learned bit-by-bit from Lime's friends, a woman named Anna Schmidt, who has problems of her own (played excellently by Valli), and two British officers, Calloway and Paine. Learning, that there is more to death of Lime than there seems to be, Martins begins his investigation for the truth. This film was shot with some of the greatest, most ahead-of-its-time cinematography ever, and it creates mystery and deceit. It is complimented by the excellent use of shadows. The soundtrack is essentially one long song, which plays throughout the film, changing and stopping as the emotion calls for. It is a zither composition by Anton Karas made for the film. This is all topped off by an engrossing storyline, and a great performance by Joseph Cotten, as the ordinary man mixed up in this web of mystery. helpful•127 81 peanutthegreat May 21, 2002 FAQ8 What is 'The Third Man' about? Is "The Third Man" based on a book? Was post-war Vienna really divided into four sections? Details Edit Release date September 3, 1949 (Turkey) Country of origin United Kingdom Languages English German Russian French Also known as 第三人 Filming locations 8 Schreyvogelgasse, Vienna, Austria Production company London Film Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $1,067,364 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,576 May 9, 1999 Gross worldwide $1,226,797 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 44 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news James Bond rewind: The first five directors of the 007 franchise Oct 8Gold Derby Trevor Eve’s Projector Pictures Options Espionage Trilogy From Charlotte Philby, Granddaughter Of Cambridge Spy Kim Philby Sep 8Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Third Man (1949)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.