The Philadelphia Story (1940) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0032904/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_i_2
The Philadelphia Story (1940) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Philadelphia Story 19401940 Not RatedNot Rated 1h 52m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 67K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,914 1,179 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:32 1 Video 67 Photos ComedyRomance When a rich woman's ex-husband and a tabloid-type reporter turn up just before her planned remarriage, she begins to learn the truth about herself.When a rich woman's ex-husband and a tabloid-type reporter turn up just before her planned remarriage, she begins to learn the truth about herself.When a rich woman's ex-husband and a tabloid-type reporter turn up just before her planned remarriage, she begins to learn the truth about herself. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 67K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,914 1,179 Director George Cukor Writers Donald Ogden Stewart(screen play) Philip Barry(based on the play by) Waldo Salt(contributing writer) Stars Cary Grant Katharine Hepburn James Stewart Top credits Director George Cukor Writers Donald Ogden Stewart(screen play) Philip Barry(based on the play by) Waldo Salt(contributing writer) Stars Cary Grant Katharine Hepburn James Stewart See production, box office & company info 253User reviews 83Critic reviews 96Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 2 Oscars 5 wins & 5 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 3:32 The Philadelphia Story Photos67 Top cast Edit Cary Grant C. K. Dexter Havenas C. K. Dexter Haven Katharine Hepburn Tracy Lordas Tracy Lord James Stewart Macaulay Connoras Macaulay Connor Ruth Hussey Elizabeth Imbrieas Elizabeth Imbrie John Howard George Kittredgeas George Kittredge Roland Young Uncle Willieas Uncle Willie John Halliday Seth Lordas Seth Lord Mary Nash Margaret Lordas Margaret Lord Virginia Weidler Dinah Lordas Dinah Lord Henry Daniell Sidney Kiddas Sidney Kidd Lionel Pape Edwardas Edward Rex Evans Thomasas Thomas King Baggot Wedding Guestas Wedding Guest (uncredited) Hillary Brooke Main Line Society Womanas Main Line Society Woman (uncredited) Veda Buckland Elsieas Elsie (uncredited) Lita Chevret Manicuristas Manicurist (uncredited) Russ Clark John - Chauffeuras John - Chauffeur (uncredited) Sally Cleaves Party Guestas Party Guest (uncredited) Director George Cukor Writers Donald Ogden Stewart(screen play) Philip Barry(based on the play by) Waldo Salt(contributing writer) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.9 His Girl Friday 7.9 Bringing Up Baby 8.1 The Shop Around the Corner 8.1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington 8.0 Arsenic and Old Lace 7.8 Holiday 7.8 The African Queen 8.1 It Happened One Night 8.0 Notorious 8.0 Anatomy of a Murder 7.4 To Catch a Thief 8.0 The Maltese Falcon Storyline Edit Philadelphia socialites Tracy Lord and C.K. Dexter Haven married impulsively, with their marriage and subsequent divorce being equally passionate. They broke up when Dexter's drinking became excessive, it a mechanism to cope with Tracy's unforgiving manner to the imperfect, imperfections which Dexter admits he readily has. Two years after their break-up, Tracy is about to remarry, the ceremony to take place at the Lord mansion. Tracy's bridegroom is nouveau riche businessman and aspiring politician George Kittredge, who is otherwise a rather ordinary man and who idolizes Tracy. The day before the wedding, three unexpected guests show up at the Lord mansion: Macaulay Connor (Mike to his friends), Elizabeth Imbrie - the two who are friends of Tracy's absent brother, Junius- and Dexter himself. Dexter, an employee of the tabloid Spy magazine, made a deal with its publisher and editor Sidney Kidd to get a story on Tracy's wedding - the wedding of the year - in return for Kidd not publishing a salacious story with accompanying photographs of Tracy's father, Seth Lord, with a New York showgirl named Tina Marra. In reality, Mike and Liz are the reporter and photographer respectively for Spy. Mike and Liz don't particularly like this assignment or working for Kidd, but they need to make a living as their chosen other fields as serious writer and painter don't pay the bills. A suspicious Tracy is onto them, the entire truth which Dexter admits to her. Tracy decides to turn the tables on Mike and Liz. However, hours before the wedding, as the more self-assured Dexter and Liz get to work on how to get the Lords out from under Spy's threats, Tracy and Mike, both inebriated, go on a journey of self-discovery with Tracy ultimately coming to her realizations a little faster than Mike. —Huggo love triangleweddingreportersocialitetitle spoken by character87 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The 3-Star Laugh Hit! Genres Comedy Romance Certificate Not Rated Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film was shot in eight weeks, and required no retakes. During the scene where James Stewart hiccups when drunk, you can see Cary Grant looking down and grinning. Since the hiccup wasn't scripted, Grant was on the verge of breaking out laughing and had to compose himself quickly. Stewart (apparently spontaneously) thought of hiccuping in the drunk scene, without telling Grant. When he began hiccuping, Grant turned to Stewart, saying, "Excuse me." The scene required only one take. Goofs When Mike is outside the library, there are no columns outside, but when he enters, the shot from inside the library shows one. Quotes Tracy Lord: The time to make up your mind about people is never. Alternate versions Also available in a computer colorized version. Connections Edited into Hollywood: The Dream Factory (1972) Soundtracks Lydia, the Tattooed Lady (1939) (uncredited) Lyrics by E.Y. Harburg Music by Harold Arlen Performed by Virginia Weidler (vocal and piano) User reviews253 Review Top review Great dialogue, great performances and a real fun, urgent pace to the material make this a delightfully fun film It is the wedding of the year with socialite Tracy Lord due to marry George Kittredge behind closed doors, with no press allowed. However the editor of Spy Magazine is set to run an exposé of Tracy's philandering father and a New York dancer and strikes a deal with her ex husband CK Dexter Haven if he can get a couple of journalists into the wedding and the reception. Keen to get back at Tracy, Dexter agrees to help and escorts writer Mike Conner and photographer Liz Imbrie into the Lord home in the days before the wedding. With tensions high between Dexter and Tracy, everyone playing games and relationships equally confused and confusing anything could happen and surprises are in store. Shot in about 8 weeks with a low number of takes and some impressive adlibbed and one-shot scenes this is a movie worth seeing even before you look at the cast list and the professional reviews. The plot is partly a comedy, partly a character drama and partly a romance (albeit a rather tidy one) and each aspect pretty much works in tandem with the others. The comic tension between the characters is really well written and, although it is a cliché, it does fizz and spark across the screen and is regularly hilarious and consistently a delight to the ears. With such superficial energy it would be easy to ignore the fact that it is interesting below this; specifically I liked the character of Tracy and the way that parts of the film show her character being stripped back as she in particular learns something about how she comes across, softening her character a little bit in later scenes. However to suggest that this has great depths is to give it more praise than it deserves, because it doesn't run deep and it isn't a great drama. Likewise the romance isn't a main part of it but it does still work because it is all delivered at such a fresh and funny pace that it draws you in, even to the point where I gratefully accepted the film's conclusion with a smile rather than a sneer. The cast are a delight, but then that pretty much goes without saying, and they work with the dialogue like a surgeon uses a scalpel. In fact that is a good example because the dialogue is normally almost as sharp as said instrument. Grant may have got top billing and the big money (which he then donated away) but it is very much a shared effort between the three stars, with Grant in fact having the least showy character. If anything the film belongs to Hepburn who is a delight whether spitting back at her father with tears in her eyes or a barbed comment sliding in like a greased knife. Stewart is just as good and is reaction shots show a real comic timing, but he also gives good dialogue and he is fun. Like Stewart, Grant has a great chemistry with Hepburn, which means that he can deliver convincing tension and trade insults without undermining the ending which otherwise would have maybe been an ask too far. Hussey is good and it is easy to forget that she must have felt a bit out of her depth but it never shows in her performance. Support is roundly strong from Young, Nash, Halliday and even Weildler. Overall this is a delightful film that is such fun and has such a good pace and spark that it is easy to buy into the weaker elements of the narrative and not only forgive them but get into them. The dialogue is sparky and funny while the delivery of same is just what the material deserved. The cast have chemistry and help inject urgency to the story that keeps it all moving forward. A wonderfully delightful film that is fun to watch and surprisingly engaging. helpful•41 9 bob the moo Dec 27, 2005 FAQ6 Is 'The Philadelphia Story' based on a book? What song was playing during the ball? It sounds like a Cole Porter tune. Why is it called "The Philadelphia Story"? What is the reference to Philadelphia? Details Edit Release date January 17, 1941 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English French Also known as 费城故事 Filming locations Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios - 10202 W. Washington Blvd., Culver City, California, USA Production company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $944,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $404,524 Opening weekend US & Canada $258,994 Feb 18, 2018 Gross worldwide $411,663 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 52 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news ‘I’m Your Man’s Dan Stevens Talks Cary Grant Inspiration And Why Comedy Is “A Great Playground For Philosophy” – Contenders L.A. Nov 15Deadline Film + TV ‘The Worst Person In The World’ Writer-Director Joachim Trier Hid Epic Themes in Rom-Com – Contenders L.A. Nov 14Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Philadelphia Story (1940) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.