The Greatest Showman (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1485796/
The Greatest Showman (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Greatest Showman 20172017 PGPG 1h 45m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 259K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 269 43 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:29 40 Videos 99+ Photos BiographyDramaMusical Celebrates the birth of show business and tells of a visionary who rose from nothing to create a spectacle that became a worldwide sensation.Celebrates the birth of show business and tells of a visionary who rose from nothing to create a spectacle that became a worldwide sensation.Celebrates the birth of show business and tells of a visionary who rose from nothing to create a spectacle that became a worldwide sensation. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 259K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 269 43 Director Michael Gracey Writers Jenny Bicks(screenplay by) Bill Condon(screenplay by) Stars Hugh Jackman Michelle Williams Zac Efron Top credits Director Michael Gracey Writers Jenny Bicks(screenplay by) Bill Condon(screenplay by) Stars Hugh Jackman Michelle Williams Zac Efron See production, box office & company info 1.9KUser reviews 341Critic reviews 48Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 17 wins & 32 nominations total Videos40 Trailer 2:29 Official Trailer #2 Trailer 2:24 Official Trailer Trailer 2:26 The Greatest Showman Clip 3:55 The Rise of Zendaya Clip 4:16 What Roles Has Hugh Jackman Been Considered For? Clip 0:54 Come Alive Clip 0:51 Whos That Interview 8:33 Hugh Jackman Interview 7:49 Michael Gracey Interview 4:43 Justin Pauland Benj Pasek Interview 3:42 Keala Settle Interview 4:48 Zac Efron Photos565 Top cast Edit Hugh Jackman P.T. Barnumas P.T. Barnum Michelle Williams Charity Barnumas Charity Barnum Zac Efron Phillip Carlyleas Phillip Carlyle Zendaya Anne Wheeleras Anne Wheeler Rebecca Ferguson Jenny Lindas Jenny Lind Austyn Johnson Caroline Barnumas Caroline Barnum Cameron Seely Helen Barnumas Helen Barnum Keala Settle Lettie Lutzas Lettie Lutz Sam Humphrey Tom Thumbas Tom Thumb Yahya Abdul-Mateen II W.D. Wheeleras W.D. Wheeler Eric Anderson Mr. O'Malleyas Mr. O'Malley Ellis Rubin Young Barnumas Young Barnum Skylar Dunn Young Charityas Young Charity Daniel Everidge Lord of Leedsas Lord of Leeds Radu Spinghel O'Clancyas O'Clancy Yusaku Komori Changas Chang Danial Son Engas Eng Paul Sparks James Gordon Bennettas James Gordon Bennett Director Michael Gracey Writers Jenny Bicks(screenplay by) (story by) Bill Condon(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Hugh, Zac, & Zendaya Share 'Greatest Showman' Tales Hugh, Zac, & Zendaya Share 'Greatest Showman' Tales Find out why Hugh Jackman thought The Greatest Showman would never be made, and hear Zendaya and Zac Efron share warm, fuzzy thoughts about each other.Go behind [i]The Greatest Showman[/i] curtain More like this 7.6 Les Misérables 7.6 A Star Is Born 6.4 Mamma Mia! 7.9 Bohemian Rhapsody 8.0 La La Land 6.6 Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again 7.9 The Greatest Showman: Come Alive - Live Performance 7.2 Grease 6.9 The Devil Wears Prada 7.1 Pitch Perfect 7.0 Mean Girls 7.3 Rocketman Storyline Edit Orphaned, penniless, but ambitious and with a mind crammed with imagination and fresh ideas, the American entertainer, Phineas Taylor Barnum, will always be remembered as the man with the gift to blur the line between reality and fiction. Thirsty for innovation and hungry for success, the son of a tailor manages to open a wax museum; however, he soon shifts focus to the unique and the peculiar, introducing extraordinary, never-seen-before live acts on the circus stage. Now, some people call Barnum's rich collection of oddities, an outright freak show; but, when Phineas, obsessed for cheers and respectability, gambles everything on the opera singer, Jenny Lind, to appeal to a high-brow audience, he will lose sight of the most crucial aspect of his life: his family. Will Barnum, the greatest showman, risk it all to be accepted? —Nick Riganas singingcircusbearded ladysocial outcastsocial prejudice92 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Impossible Comes True Genres Biography Drama Musical Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic elements including a brawl Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Rebecca Ferguson's voice was dubbed by Loren Allred. Ferguson had studied music and admitted that she can carry a tune but since Jenny Lind, her character, is considered the best singer in the world, dubbing her voice would be in service of the movie. However, in order to get into the role, Ferguson insisted on singing the song in front of the extras while filming. Goofs In the movie Swedish singer Jenny Lind makes sexual advances towards Barnum while they are touring together. When Barnum rejects her advances, she quits the tour out of frustration and starts a rumor that the two are romantically involved by forcibly kissing Barnum on stage after a performance. Barnum and Lind never had an affair. While it is true Lind quit the tour, she did so because she did not like Barnum's relentless marketing of her and decided to tour with new management. The two actually parted on friendly terms. Quotes P.T. Barnum: [from trailer] No one ever made a difference by being like everyone else. Crazy credits An old-fashioned 20th Century Fox logo is shown before the modern one. It was from a 4K digital scan of The Long, Hot Summer (1958). Alternate versions ABC broadcasts speed up the audio at only 2%. Connections Edited from The Long, Hot Summer (1958) Soundtracks The Greatest Show Music and Lyrics by Benj Pasek & Justin Paul, Ryan Lewis Performed by Hugh Jackman, Keala Settle, Zac Efron, Zendaya & The Greatest Showman Ensemble Produced by Greg Wells, Justin Paul, Alex Lacamoire, Jake Sinclair, Ryan Lewis Mixed by Greg Wells User reviews1.9K Review Top review 10/10 Surpassed My Expectations This is possibly one of the best films I have ever seen in this genre. From the start to finish, I felt that there was some inaudible and invisible metronome setting the overall pace of the film, a consistent rhythm within many rhythms, if that makes sense. Everything about this film had perfect timing. Editing was seamless. Attention to detail was mind blowing, costumes outstanding. Special effects... whoa. Acting was flawless. I really can't find anything to criticize. To summarize in a sentence, first class family entertainment. helpful•437 143 jecal Dec 27, 2017 FAQ1 Did Hugh Jackman and Michelle Williams sing their own songs? Details Edit Release date February 1, 2018 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Language English Also known as Bậc Thầy Của Những Ước Mơ Filming locations 1 E 78th St, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Bona Film Group Chernin Entertainment TSG Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $84,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $174,340,174 Opening weekend US & Canada $8,805,843 Dec 24, 2017 Gross worldwide $436,949,634 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 45 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Gal Gadot Dishes on ‘Snow White’ Casting, Says ‘Wonder Wonder 3’ Script Is Underway Nov 5Variety Film + TV ‘The Masked Singer’ spoilers: Who are Banana Split? Nov 3Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.