The Fly (1986) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091064/?ref_=ttls_li_i
The Fly (1986) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Fly 19861986 RR 1h 36m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 171K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 733 162 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:05 5 Videos 99+ Photos DramaHorrorSci-Fi A brilliant but eccentric scientist begins to transform into a giant man/fly hybrid after one of his experiments goes horribly wrong.A brilliant but eccentric scientist begins to transform into a giant man/fly hybrid after one of his experiments goes horribly wrong.A brilliant but eccentric scientist begins to transform into a giant man/fly hybrid after one of his experiments goes horribly wrong. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 171K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 733 162 Director David Cronenberg Writers George Langelaan(short story) Charles Edward Pogue(screenplay) David Cronenberg(screenplay) Stars Jeff Goldblum Geena Davis John Getz Top credits Director David Cronenberg Writers George Langelaan(short story) Charles Edward Pogue(screenplay) David Cronenberg(screenplay) Stars Jeff Goldblum Geena Davis John Getz See production, box office & company info 397User reviews 196Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 7 wins & 10 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 2:05 The Fly (1986) Trailer 0:31 The Fly (1986) Clip 1:00 'The Fly' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 3:45 Upside Down the Rabbit Holes of "Stranger Things" Clip 2:14 IMDbrief: Best Halloween Screams to Stream Photos186 Top cast Edit Jeff Goldblum Seth Brundleas Seth Brundle Geena Davis Veronica Quaifeas Veronica Quaife John Getz Stathis Boransas Stathis Borans Joy Boushel Tawnyas Tawny Leslie Carlson Dr. Cheeversas Dr. Cheevers (as Les Carlson) George Chuvalo Markyas Marky Michael Copeman 2nd Man in Baras 2nd Man in Bar David Cronenberg Gynecologistas Gynecologist Carol Lazare Nurseas Nurse Shawn Hewitt Clerkas Clerk Ann Green Restaurant Patronas Restaurant Patron (uncredited) Typhoon Baboonas Baboon (uncredited) Director David Cronenberg Writers George Langelaan(short story) Charles Edward Pogue(screenplay) David Cronenberg(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 An American Werewolf in London 7.2 Videodrome 7.3 Gremlins 7.3 Poltergeist 5.1 The Fly II 7.1 The Fly 8.1 The Thing 7.5 The Evil Dead 7.4 Carrie 7.7 Evil Dead II 7.1 Fright Night 7.5 The Omen Storyline Edit Seth Brundle (Jeff Goldblum), a brilliant but eccentric scientist attempts to woo investigative journalist Veronica Quaife (Geena Davis) by offering her a scoop on his latest research in the field of matter transportation, which against all the expectations of the scientific establishment have proved successful. Up to a point. Brundle thinks he has ironed out the last problem when he successfully transports a living creature, but when he attempts to teleport himself a fly enters one of the transmission booths, and Brundle finds he is a changed man. This Science-Gone-Mad film is the source of the quotable quote "Be afraid. Be very afraid." —Mark Thompson <mrt@oasis.icl.co.uk> teleportationwoman takes off stockingbody horrorgenetic alterationmetamorphosis194 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Something went wrong in the lab today. Very wrong. Genres Drama Horror Sci-Fi Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In a 1987 interview on Sinister Image (1987) Vincent Price revealed that when this remake was released, star Jeff Goldblum wrote him a letter saying, "I hope you like it as much as I liked yours." Price was touched by the letter, he composed a reply and went to see the film, which he described as "wonderful right up to a certain point... it went a little too far." Goofs In the "steak experiment" sequence, Seth cuts the meat in two pieces, and teleports the bigger one. Later, Veronica eats a bit of this bigger half and finds that "it tastes like a steak", and when Seth gives her a piece of the smaller one and says "now try this teleported half", she finds that "it tastes synthetic". This is a continuity mistake. (It has been suggested that Seth deliberately misled Veronica as to which steak was teleported, to test Veronica's psychological reaction. However, this is unlikely; if the test were merely to determine Veronica's aversion to eating teleported meat, then it would not have led directly to the realization that the computer was incorrectly reassembling flesh). Quotes Seth Brundle: You have to leave now, and never come back here. Have you ever heard of insect politics? Neither have I. Insects... don't have politics. They're very... brutal. No compassion, no compromise. We can't trust the insect. I'd like to become the first... insect politician. Y'see, I'd like to, but... I'm afraid, uh... Ronnie: I don't know what you're trying to say. Seth Brundle: I'm saying... I'm saying I - I'm an insect who dreamt he was a man and loved it. But now the dream is over... and the insect is awake. Ronnie: No. no, Seth... Seth Brundle: I'm saying... I'll hurt you if you stay. Crazy credits The background for the opening titles consists of an optically distorted, swirling mass of colors, which gradually transform into the opening shot of the film. This is a representation of how biologists believe a fly's vision would appear to a human. Alternate versions The Indian theatrical release was cut by the Censor Board for an 'A' (restricted to adults) rating. Delete the word 'Cock' spoken by Stathis. Delete visuals of pick-up girl sitting on the chair before the teleporter machine and reduce the flash the love-making between her and Seth. Delete the abortion dream sequence from the point where Veronica screams and people around are shocked, to the point where she is shown waking up.In the climax: Reduce to a flash of Seth crushing Stathis's hand. Delete the visuals of Seth vomiting on Stathis. Delete the visuals of crushed hand. Delete the visuals of Veronica pulling off pieces from Seth's face. Connections Edited into Bryan Ferry: Help Me (1986) Soundtracks Help Me Performed by Bryan Ferry Written by Nile Rodgers, Bryan Ferry Nile Rodgers and Bryan Ferry appear through the courtesy by Warner Bro. Records User reviews397 Review Top review next-level stuff going on here I saw this movie for the first time a few days ago, and I took away two thoughts. 1. This is just about the most depressing film ever made. 2. This is not really a horror picture, or a sci-fi picture. Those elements are present, but the story itself is really an existentialist drama. The most fascinating moments, to me, involve Brundle's metamorphosis, and his total disability to figure out who he is, to make any sense of his continually changing identity. It really makes you think while you're being grossed out. You don't get a lot of that anymore. helpful•24 1 Willzo Apr 26, 1999 FAQ13 How long did it take for Seth to transform into Brundlefly? How could had The Fly ended? What would have happened to Seth if he had succeeded in teleporting with Ronnie while she was pregnant with their child? Details Edit Release date August 15, 1986 (Canada) Countries of origin United States United Kingdom Canada Official site Official site Language English Also known as Muha Filming locations John Anderson Charcoal Broiled Hamburgers, 5270 Yonge Street, Willowdale, Toronto, Ontario, Canada Production companies SLM Production Group Brooksfilms See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $40,456,565 Opening weekend US & Canada $7,007,423 Aug 17, 1986 Gross worldwide $60,629,159 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 36 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news U2 Mark Achtung Baby’s 30th Anniversary With 50-Track Digital Box Set Nov 15Rollingstone.com ‘Red Notice’ Review: Ryan Reynolds, Dwayne Johnson, and Gal Gadot Star in Netflix’s Breezy Mega-Budget Caper Nov 4Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.