The Avengers (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0848228/
The Avengers (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Avengers 20122012 PG-13PG-13 2h 23m IMDb RATING 8.0/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 402 100 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:02 48 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity.Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity.Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity. IMDb RATING 8.0/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 402 100 Director Joss Whedon Writers Joss Whedon(screenplay) Zak Penn(story) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Chris Evans Scarlett Johansson Top credits Director Joss Whedon Writers Joss Whedon(screenplay) Zak Penn(story) Stars Robert Downey Jr. Chris Evans Scarlett Johansson See production, box office & company info 2KUser reviews 761Critic reviews 69Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 38 wins & 80 nominations total Videos48 Trailer 1:02 Blu-ray Version Trailer 2:30 No. 2 Trailer 2:23 International #2 Trailer 1:02 Extended Super Bowl Spot Trailer 0:34 Super Bowl Spot Trailer 0:13 Super Bowl Sneak Peek Trailer 2:03 Trailer #1 Clip 4:05 Tom Hiddleston's 5 Essential Loki Moments to Watch Clip 3:07 What Roles Has Mark Ruffalo Been Considered For? Clip 2:54 MotherFlerken 'Captain Marvel' Credits Scenes Spoilers! Clip 2:33 'Avengers: Endgame' Teaser Breakdown Clip 3:16 IMDbrief: Remembering Stan Lee Photos552 Top cast Edit Robert Downey Jr. Tony Starkas Tony Stark… Chris Evans Steve Rogersas Steve Rogers… Scarlett Johansson Natasha Romanoffas Natasha Romanoff… Jeremy Renner Clint Bartonas Clint Barton… Mark Ruffalo Bruce Banneras Bruce Banner… Chris Hemsworth Thoras Thor Tom Hiddleston Lokias Loki Clark Gregg Agent Phil Coulsonas Agent Phil Coulson Cobie Smulders Agent Maria Hillas Agent Maria Hill Stellan Skarsgård Selvigas Selvig Samuel L. Jackson Nick Furyas Nick Fury Gwyneth Paltrow Pepper Pottsas Pepper Potts Paul Bettany Jarvisas Jarvis (voice) Alexis Denisof The Otheras The Other Tina Benko NASA Scientistas NASA Scientist Jerzy Skolimowski Georgi Luchkovas Georgi Luchkov Kirill Nikiforov Weaselly Thugas Weaselly Thug Jeff Wolfe Tall Thugas Tall Thug Director Joss Whedon Writers Joss Whedon(screenplay) (story) Zak Penn(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' Measuring the Success of 'Avengers: Infinity War' See how Avengers: Infinity War's opening weekend stacks up at the box office against other movies in the MCU. Plus, check out how IMDb users have ranked the 19 MCU films to date.See the MCU box-office results More like this 7.3 Avengers: Age of Ultron 7.8 Captain America: Civil War 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 7.9 Iron Man 6.9 Captain America: The First Avenger 7.1 Iron Man Three 7.0 Iron Man 2 7.0 Thor 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 7.9 Thor: Ragnarok 7.5 Doctor Strange 7.6 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Storyline Edit Loki, the adopted brother of Thor, teams-up with the Chitauri Army and uses the Tesseract's power to travel from Asgard to Midgard to plot the invasion of Earth and become a king. The director of the agency S.H.I.E.L.D., Nick Fury, sets in motion project Avengers, joining Tony Stark a.k.a. the Iron Man; Steve Rogers, a.k.a. Captain America; Bruce Banner, a.k.a. The Hulk; Thor; Natasha Romanoff, a.k.a. Black Widow; and Clint Barton, a.k.a. Hawkeye, to save the world from the powerful Loki and the alien invasion. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil superheromarvel cinematic universealien invasions.h.i.e.l.d.final battle455 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Avengers Assemble! Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action throughout, and a mild drug reference Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Robert Downey Jr. kept food hidden all over the lab set, and apparently nobody could find where it was, so they just let him continue doing it. In the movie, that's his actual food he's offering, and when he was eating, it wasn't scripted, he was just hungry. Goofs (at around 1h 22 mins) When the helicarrier starts to go down, Nick Fury tells Iron Man, "Stark, we're losing altitude," and display inside Iron Man's faceplate is counting down from about 15,000 feet. A few minutes later when Fury glances at a display on the bridge, it is counting down from 18,000 feet. Quotes Steve Rogers: Thor, what's his play? Thor: He has an army, called the Chitauri. They're not of Asgard or any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the Earth. In return, I suspect, for the Tesseract. Steve Rogers: An army. From outer space. Bruce Banner: So he's building another portal. That's what he needs Erik Selvig for. Thor: Selvig? Bruce Banner: He's an astrophysicist. Thor: He's a friend. Natasha Romanoff: Loki has them under some kind of spell. Along with one of ours. Steve Rogers: I wanna know why Loki let us take him. He's not leading an army from here. Bruce Banner: I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him. Thor: Have a care how you speak! Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard and he is my brother! Natasha Romanoff: He killed eighty people in two days. Thor: He's adopted. Crazy credits SPOILER: There is a scene part way through credits: Marvel Character Thanos appears with The Other by his side. They are both looking down on Planet Earth with Thanos smiling, stating that they underestimated Earth. Alternate versions The scene where Loki stabs Agent Coulson exists in two versions. The original version shows the weapon piercing Coulson's body, the cut version does not. In various territories (Germany, Switzerland, Russia, United Kingdom and Ireland), the cut scene was used for the DVD release (why this was done i.e. for the German release is unknown, since it would not have changed the rating). Connections Edited into Avengers: Endgame (2019) Soundtracks String Quartet No. 13 in a Minor 'Rosamunde' D804 Written by Franz Schubert Performed by The Takács Quartet Courtesy of Hyperion Records Ltd. User reviews2K Review Top review Exceptional! Oh my God. Oh. My. God. My mind is blown. I just loved Marvel's Avengers. I thought it was smart and the impressive cast really delivered! This movie works on so many levels and makes you draw on just about all of your emotions. I don't remember when I enjoyed a movie this much! Such cool fantasy but what makes it extra special is following this film after all the other solo efforts from each character. I enjoyed the others films quite a bit but they all delivered something different. Seeing them blend together in Avengers and the sparks that resulted was the extra special treat. Example: They blended the grounded futurist (Tony Stark) with the Norse thunder god and his angry brother in a perfect way. Same could be said for every other character. It all works. In fact, it doesn't just fit, it's a symphony and that dyconomy and difference in characters are what makes it truly great. It's why this movie stands so tall above any other franchise at the moment. Things like Transformers, GI Joe and even Star Trek all operate with monotone restrictions. Avengers covers all angles and delivers depth with its fun. I haven't enjoyed a movie this much in years if not ever! helpful•303 279 Allswell007 Apr 14, 2012 FAQ30 A waitress appears several times towards the end and even has lines where she says she would thank Captain America for saving her life. Who is she? What is "The Avengers" about? Is "The Avengers" based on a book?? Details Edit Release date May 5, 2012 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Russian Hindi Also known as 复仇者联盟 Filming locations East 9th St, Cleveland, Ohio, USA Production companies Marvel Studios Paramount Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $220,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $623,357,910 Opening weekend US & Canada $207,438,708 May 6, 2012 Gross worldwide $1,518,815,515 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 23 minutes Color Color Sound mix Datasat Dolby Digital Dolby Surround 7.1 SDDS Sonics-DDP Auro 11.1 Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Hawkeye Director Teases Yelena Belova And Clint's First Meeting: 'We Know Their Past' Nov 17Slash Film MCU: Ranking Every Major Action Sequence In The Avengers Nov 16ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.