The Silence of the Lambs (1991) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102926
The Silence of the Lambs (1991) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Silence of the Lambs 19911991 RR 1h 58m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 287 99 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:49 7 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaHorror A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.3M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 287 99 Director Jonathan Demme Writers Thomas Harris(based on the novel by) Ted Tally(screenplay by) Stars Jodie Foster Anthony Hopkins Lawrence A. Bonney Top credits Director Jonathan Demme Writers Thomas Harris(based on the novel by) Ted Tally(screenplay by) Stars Jodie Foster Anthony Hopkins Lawrence A. Bonney See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 246Critic reviews 85Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #21 Won 5 Oscars 69 wins & 51 nominations total Videos7 Trailer 1:49 Official Trailer Trailer 1:44 The Silence of the Lambs Clip 1:35 'The Silence of the Lambs' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 3:51 Watch Like a Pro: Giancarlo Esposito's Ultimate Villain Watchlist Video 3:54 Giancarlo Esposito's Ultimate Villain Watchlist Video 2:58 Meet Hannibal Video 2:05 'Blockers' Movie Emoji Game Photos276 Top cast Edit Jodie Foster Clarice Starlingas Clarice Starling Anthony Hopkins Dr. Hannibal Lecteras Dr. Hannibal Lecter Lawrence A. Bonney FBI Instructoras FBI Instructor Kasi Lemmons Ardelia Mappas Ardelia Mapp Lawrence T. Wrentz Agent Burroughsas Agent Burroughs Scott Glenn Jack Crawfordas Jack Crawford Anthony Heald Dr. Frederick Chiltonas Dr. Frederick Chilton Frankie Faison Barneyas Barney Don Brockett Friendly Psychopathas Friendly Psychopath Frank Seals Jr. Brooding Psychopathas Brooding Psychopath Stuart Rudin Miggsas Miggs Maria Skorobogatov Young Clariceas Young Clarice (as Masha Skorobogatov) Jeffrie Lane Clarice's Fatheras Clarice's Father Leib Lensky Mr. Langas Mr. Lang George 'Red' Schwartz Mr. Lang's Driveras Mr. Lang's Driver (as Red Schwartz) Jim Roche TV Evangelistas TV Evangelist Brooke Smith Catherine Martinas Catherine Martin Ted Levine Jame Gumbas Jame Gumb Director Jonathan Demme Writers Thomas Harris(based on the novel by) Ted Tally(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 Se7en 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.6 The Green Mile 8.8 Fight Club 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.9 Schindler's List 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.7 Goodfellas 6.8 Hannibal 8.7 The Matrix 8.5 The Usual Suspects Storyline Edit F.B.I. trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) works hard to advance her career, while trying to hide or put behind her West Virginia roots, of which if some knew, would automatically classify her as being backward or white trash. After graduation, she aspires to work in the agency's Behavioral Science Unit under the leadership of Jack Crawford (Scott Glenn). While she is still a trainee, Crawford asks her to question Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a psychiatrist imprisoned, thus far, for eight years in maximum security isolation for being a serial killer who cannibalized his victims. Clarice is able to figure out the assignment is to pick Lecter's brains to help them solve another serial murder case, that of someone coined by the media as "Buffalo Bill" (Ted Levine), who has so far killed five victims, all located in the eastern U.S., all young women, who are slightly overweight (especially around the hips), all who were drowned in natural bodies of water, and all who were stripped of large swaths of skin. She also figures that Crawford chose her, as a woman, to be able to trigger some emotional response from Lecter. After speaking to Lecter for the first time, she realizes that everything with him will be a psychological game, with her often having to read between the very cryptic lines he provides. She has to decide how much she will play along, as his request in return for talking to him is to expose herself emotionally to him. The case takes a more dire turn when a sixth victim is discovered, this one from who they are able to retrieve a key piece of evidence, if Lecter is being forthright as to its meaning. A potential seventh victim is high profile Catherine Martin (Brooke Smith), the daughter of Senator Ruth Martin (Diane Baker), which places greater scrutiny on the case as they search for a hopefully still alive Catherine. Who may factor into what happens is Dr. Frederick Chilton (Anthony Heald), the warden at the prison, an opportunist who sees the higher profile with Catherine, meaning a higher profile for himself if he can insert himself successfully into the proceedings. —Huggo serial killerpsycho thrillerstuck in a wellpsychopathbad guy wins307 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Dr. Hannibal Lecter. Brilliant. Cunning. Psychotic. In his mind lies the clue to a ruthless killer. - Clarice Starling, FBI. Brilliant. Vulnerable. Alone. She must trust him to stop the killer. Genres Crime Drama Horror Thriller Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Jodie Foster claims that during the first meeting between Dr. Hannibal Lecter and Clarice Starling, Sir Anthony Hopkins's mocking of her southern accent was improvised on the spot. Foster's horrified reaction was genuine since she felt personally attacked. She later thanked Hopkins for generating such an honest reaction. Goofs As Forensics comes to take photos of the victim's body, the "corpse" visibly blinks as hands touch its face. Quotes Hannibal Lecter: A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti. Crazy credits After the Copyright notice and MPAA logo, a logo appears with the text "A Luta Continua". This is not a production company credit; instead, it's Portuguese for "The Struggle Continues" ("To be continued"). Alternate versions The Finnish-dubbed VHS version removes: Hannibal Lecter beating Pembry against the cell's bars, and spraying liquid to his eyes (along with the shots of the cuffed guard screaming "Jesus Christ!", and a shot of him trying to break loose). Lecter beating a guard with a nightstick several times (reduced from 6 hits to 1!). A outdrawn sequence that comes right after Lecter has whacked the guards (where he plays music and walks across the dead guard's body) is completely removed (along with Lecter's dialogue Ready when you are, sergeant Pembry). Right after Buffalo Bill is shot by Clarice Starling there is a long-lasting (about 15 secs) shot of his bloody dead body, that in the cut version is not that long anymore. Connections Edited into A-Z of Horror (1997) Soundtracks American Girl Performed by Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers (as Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers) Written by Tom Petty (as T. Petty) Courtesy of Gone Gator Records User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 Dr.Lecter, I'd like to see you again... The Silence of the Lambs runs two hours.Anthony Hopkins appears for little more than sixteen minutes, yet during those minutes he hasn't bored you for a second, not even after the tenth or eleventh viewing. Such is the power of his performance, it's absolutely impossible to forget him.His character, Dr.Hannibal"The Cannibal" Lecter, is a brutal killer with revolting methods and habits, but he's also very intelligent, charismatic and with good taste(you can interpret that as you like).A clichè by now, but who cares? He still is one of the key elements in this wonderful thriller, which sees Jodie Foster's Clarice Starling asking for Lecter's help to catch another killer.The result is a dangerous yet fascinating relationship between the young, unexperienced FBI-agent and the convicted,but basically omnipotent, psychiatrist.He's a step ahead of everyone all the time, and makes sure everyone notices, with his witty, unforgettable one-liners.If there had to be only one reason to worship this movie, then it would have to be the chemistry between the two leading actors.Never before has a non-sexual man/woman connection been more thrilling.Never before has a film's ending been more unsettling and brilliant and left us asking for more. Best watched with a nice Chianti... P.S. dear film-buffs, have the lambs stopped screaming? helpful•382 69 MaxBorg89 Oct 22, 2005 FAQ24 Why do Dr Chilton and Barney make a point of telling Clarice not to touch or approach the glass housing Dr Lecter? Wouldn't she be perfectly safe since he obviously can't reach her? Why does Dr. Lecter think the guy ejaculating in his hand throwing the result in Clarice's face crosses a line while he would do much more awful things to people himself? Can someone actually swallow their tongue like Miggs did? Details Edit Release date February 14, 1991 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Languages English Latin Also known as 沉默的羔羊 Filming locations Bimini Airport, South Bimini Island, Bimini Islands, Bahamas Production companies Strong Heart/Demme Production Orion Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $19,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $130,742,922 Opening weekend US & Canada $13,766,814 Feb 18, 1991 Gross worldwide $272,742,922 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Johannes Roberts Nov 16Trailers from Hell November 16th Genre Releases Include The Evil Dead: Groovy Collection (4K / Blu-ray), Prisoners Of The Ghostland (4K Steelbook / Blu-ray / DVD), Nia DaCosta’s Candyman (4K / Blu-ray / DVD) Nov 16DailyDead Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Silence of the Lambs (1991) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.