The Chronicles of Riddick (2004) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0296572/
The Chronicles of Riddick (2004) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Chronicles of Riddick 20042004 RR 1h 59m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 221K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,083 518 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics ActionAdventureSci-Fi The wanted criminal Richard Bruno Riddick (Vin Diesel) arrives on a planet called Helion Prime and finds himself up against an invading empire called the Necromongers, an army that plans to ... Read allThe wanted criminal Richard Bruno Riddick (Vin Diesel) arrives on a planet called Helion Prime and finds himself up against an invading empire called the Necromongers, an army that plans to convert or kill all humans in the universe.The wanted criminal Richard Bruno Riddick (Vin Diesel) arrives on a planet called Helion Prime and finds himself up against an invading empire called the Necromongers, an army that plans to convert or kill all humans in the universe. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 221K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,083 518 Director David Twohy Writers Jim Wheat(characters) Ken Wheat(characters) David Twohy Stars Vin Diesel Judi Dench Colm Feore Top credits Director David Twohy Writers Jim Wheat(characters) Ken Wheat(characters) David Twohy Stars Vin Diesel Judi Dench Colm Feore See production, box office & company info 714User reviews 101Critic reviews 38Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Awards 5 nominations Videos1 Video 4:20 What Roles Has Vin Diesel Been Considered For? Photos466 Top cast Edit Vin Diesel Riddickas Riddick Judi Dench Aereonas Aereon Colm Feore Lord Marshalas Lord Marshal Thandiwe Newton Dame Vaakoas Dame Vaako Karl Urban Vaakoas Vaako Alexa Davalos Kyraas Kyra Linus Roache Purifieras Purifier Yorick van Wageningen The Guvas The Guv Nick Chinlund Toombsas Toombs Keith David Imamas Imam Mark Gibbon Irgunas Irgun Roger Cross Toalas Toal (as Roger R. Cross) Terry Chen Merc Pilotas Merc Pilot Christina Cox Eve Loganas Eve Logan Nigel Vonas Mercas Merc Shawn Reis Mercas Merc Fabian Gujral Mercas Merc Ty Olsson Mercas Merc Director David Twohy Writers Jim Wheat(characters) Ken Wheat(characters) David Twohy All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.4 Riddick 7.1 Pitch Black 6.6 Into Pitch Black 6.6 The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury 7.0 Underworld 6.8 Hellboy 6.3 Riddick: Blindsided Furya 7.0 Hellboy II: The Golden Army 6.0 The Last Witch Hunter 6.7 Blade II 6.7 Underworld: Evolution Storyline Edit Richard Bruno Riddick (Vin Diesel), now a hunted man, finds himself in the middle of two opposing forces in a major crusade. Lord Marshal (Colm Feore) is a warrior priest who is the leader of a sect that is waging the tenth and perhaps final crusade five hundred years in the future. Aereon (Dame Judi Dench) is an ambassador from the Elemental race. She is an ethereal being who helps Riddick unearth his origins. —Jade Maxim shared universeactor reprises previous rolemovie flopwarriorplanet86 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines All the power in the universe can't change destiny Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Toomb's (Nick Chinlund's) line regarding Crematoria, "If I owned this place and Hell, I'd rent this place out and live in Hell", is paraphrased from an infamous quote General Phil Sheridan made during post-Civil War Reconstruction, in which he said "If I owned Hell and Texas, I would rent out Texas and live in Hell." Goofs After Riddick is left on Crematoria by the Necromongers he takes shelter in a garage. Because the planet is quite obviously devoid of any humidity at all, the thin atmosphere does not transmit heat. Therefore, all shade on the planet, including the "night side" (the half of the planet that is in its own shadow) is much cooler. A similar effect can be seen in desert areas of Earth. Ironically, the extremes mentioned mean that the garage actually would require heating of its own to keep the occupants alive. Quotes Slam Guard: You'll kill us... with a soup cup? Richard B. Riddick: Tea, actually. Slam Guard: What's that? Richard B. Riddick: I'll kill you with my teacup. Crazy credits The closing credits are displayed over extreme close-ups of elaborate Necromonger sculpture. Eventually the sculpture is revealed to be a statue of Riddick sitting in the Lord Marshall's throne. Alternate versions Director's Cut DVD release contains additional scenes and runs for approx 127 minutes. This includes some general alternate/additional footage that was cut from the theatrical versions for pacing and for a PG-13 rating. Additional scenes include: A earlier introduction to Kyra, being forced into one of the empty hellhound cages on cremetoris. The sub-plot of the Furyan energy is completely restored, several instances of these scenes are visible in the trailer for the film but not contained in the theatrical version of the film. Riddick, while in cryo-sleep aboard Toombs' Skif en-route to Helion Prime is approached in a vision by Shirah (Played by Kristin Lehman as in the game "Chronicles Of Riddick: Escape From Butcher Bay"), and she starts to tell him about Furya before he is interrupted by his arrival at Helion Prime. The Purifier's speech to the captured people of Helion Prime is longer (Director David Twohy on the commentary comments that this is the complete version as originally intended). Vaako and Dame Vaako's discussion about the Lord Marshall being promoted to full death is extended, continuing with him and her discussing his demise and foreplay. After Dame Vaako queries Aereon about Riddick, she discusses what she learns with Vaako over a telepathy/communication with him on the transport. The fight sequences between Riddick and the Necromonger armies on the surface of Crematoria is completely unedited, containing full sound effects of the fight and is more visually brutal. After the fight on the surface of Crematoria, Riddick is surrounded by Necromongers and Vaako is about to shoot him when Shirah re-appears to him and reveals the truth about what happened on Furya, the revelation sending out a blast from Riddick, knocking all the soldiers down and leaving Riddick unconscious - A shot of this "blast" can be seen in the trailer. The ending is more abrupt, Riddick says "you keep what you kill" instead of Vaako, and Aereon's voice-over is not included. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Stepford Wives/Garfield: The Movie/The Chronicles of Riddick (2004) Soundtracks Getting Away With Murder Performed by Papa Roach Courtesy of DreamWorks Records User reviews714 Review Top review underrated to the extreme what the hell ???? I've heard and read about so many people bitching and moaning at how much they dislike this movie as compared to pitch black, but honestly i think this one is fantastic (although undeniably pitch black was much better). Its basically the character Riddick from the pitch black movie in his own adventure fighting monsters , avoiding authorities and escaping a prison . in a nutshell thats what it is and thats what you get . people complained that this one strives too far from the feeling that the original pitch black gave us , but thats not necessarily a bad thing is it ? its a new take on an expanded universe created for the soul purpose of telling the story of this character. If you love pitch black then there's no reason you shouldn't lover this one. I feel it necessary to say that Vin Diesel being nominated for worst actor in this movie is scandalous. Top film bad critics - end of story! helpful•25 4 mancunianfatman Dec 30, 2011 FAQ5 What is 'The Chronicles of Riddick' about? Is 'The Chronicles of Riddick' based on a book? How many versions of "The Chronicles of Riddick" are there? Details Edit Release date June 11, 2004 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official site Language English Also known as Pitch Black 2 Filming locations Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada Production companies Universal Pictures Radar Pictures One Race Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $105,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $57,761,012 Opening weekend US & Canada $24,289,165 Jun 13, 2004 Gross worldwide $115,900,534 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Vin Diesel teases a fourth Riddick movie “maybe closer than you think” Sep 27Flickeringmyth Riddick 4 Is 'Closer Than You Think,' According To Vin Diesel Sep 27Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for The Chronicles of Riddick (2004)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.