The Tomorrow War (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9777666?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=4a1f73d3-3afd-45eb-830f-9f9da70d940c&pf_rd_r=PYM6RSV96GCQQWCG2ZVD&pf_rd_s=center-14&pf_rd_t=60601&pf_rd_i=whats-on-tv&ref_=fea_wot_pks_pv_c_lk1
The Tomorrow War (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Tomorrow War 20212021 PG-13PG-13 2h 18m IMDb RATING 6.6/10 176K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 195 15 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:37 11 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama A family man is drafted to fight in a future war where the fate of humanity relies on his ability to confront the past.A family man is drafted to fight in a future war where the fate of humanity relies on his ability to confront the past.A family man is drafted to fight in a future war where the fate of humanity relies on his ability to confront the past. IMDb RATING 6.6/10 176K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 195 15 Director Chris McKay Writer Zach Dean Stars Chris Pratt Yvonne Strahovski J.K. Simmons Top credits Director Chris McKay Writer Zach Dean Stars Chris Pratt Yvonne Strahovski J.K. Simmons See production, box office & company info 3.9KUser reviews 212Critic reviews 45Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos11 Trailer 2:37 Final Trailer Trailer 2:38 Official Trailer Trailer 0:30 Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:36 The Tomorrow War Trailer 2:34 The Tomorrow War Trailer 0:30 The Tomorrow War Clip 4:33 How Well Does Chris Pratt Know Chris Pratt? Clip 2:52 Chris Pratt Reveals Why Arnold Schwarzenegger Could Help Him Save the World Clip 3:41 The Most Anticipated Movies and Shows to Stream in July 2021 Clip 0:52 The Tomorrow War Clip 1:01 The Tomorrow War Photos705 Top cast Edit Chris Pratt Dan Foresteras Dan Forester Yvonne Strahovski Colonel Muri Foresteras Colonel Muri Forester J.K. Simmons James Foresteras James Forester Betty Gilpin Emmy Foresteras Emmy Forester Sam Richardson Charlieas Charlie Jasmine Mathews Lt. Hartas Lt. Hart Edwin Hodge Dorianas Dorian Ryan Kiera Armstrong Young Muri Foresteras Young Muri Forester Keith Powers Major Greenwoodas Major Greenwood Mary Lynn Rajskub Norahas Norah Mike Mitchell Cowanas Cowan Jared Shaw Tankas Tank Alexis Louder Diabloas Diablo Rose Bianco Roseas Rose Seychelle Gabriel Sgt. Diazas Sgt. Diaz Alan Trong Lt. Tranas Lt. Tran Chibuikem Uche Lt. Ikembaas Lt. Ikemba David Maldonado Doddas Dodd (as Dave Maldonado) Director Chris McKay Writer Zach Dean All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum: HBO First Look 7.3 A Quiet Place Part II 7.7 Retro Wick: Exploring the Unexpected Success of 'John Wick' 6.7 Black Widow 6.1 Hitman's Wife's Bodyguard 7.1 Wrath of Man 6.4 Godzilla vs. Kong 7.3 The Suicide Squad 6.8 Boss Level 6.6 Jungle Cruise 8.1 Zack Snyder's Justice League 6.1 Mortal Kombat Storyline Edit The world is stunned when a group of time travelers arrive from the year 2051 to deliver an urgent message: Thirty years in the future, mankind is losing a global war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians from the present to be transported to the future and join the fight. Among those recruited is high school teacher and family man Dan Forester (Chris Pratt). Determined to save the world for his young daughter, Dan teams up with a brilliant scientist (Yvonne Strahovski) and his estranged father (J.K. Simmons) in a desperate quest to rewrite the fate of the planet. time travelsoldieralien invasionalienthree word title63 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Action Adventure Drama Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action, language and some suggestive references. Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia This film was made by Paramount Pictures for a theatrical release but due to the Covid-19 pandemic, Paramount sold the film to Amazon Prime Video for $200 million. Goofs The following goof was marked as incorrect: "The soldiers from 2051 come from a time when 99.99% of the human population is dead and the war is nearly lost. Nevertheless, the governments from the present devote tremendous resources to sending millions of drafted civilians to 2051 to die almost certain deaths. There is no discussion of using the knowledge from the future to fight the impending war differently and prevent human extinction. Only at the end does it seem to occur to anyone to send the toxin back in time to change the future." Reason for it being incorrect was said to be: "However, it is possible to develop the toxin only with a female specimen available, i.e. in the future, and it cannot be possible to bring her back in the present for studies." Still, this does not explain why no effort was taken in 2022 to use knowledge from 2051 to alter the course of history. Quotes Dan Forester: If there's one thing that the world needs right now, it's scientists. We cannot stop innovating. That's how you solve a problem. Connections Featured in Beyond the Trailer: The Tomorrow War Trailer Reaction: Amazon 2021 Chris Pratt (2021) Soundtracks Christmas Wrapping Written by Chris Butler (as Christopher Butler) Performed by The Waitresses Courtesy of Republic Records Under License from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews3.9K Review Top review The critics went too hard on this fun sci-fi adventure ride. It wasn't epic, complex or extraordinary, but it was great, super entertaining, and easy on the brain. And considering this was an overall impressive, well put together story - only the 3rd ever writing credit for newb Zach Dean, it shines in comparison to many other films I've seen lately written by seasoned filmmakers e.g. Soderbergh's No Sudden Move. It flowed rather well, had great continuity, hardly any plot or technical issues, and it was well paced for the normally too-long 140 min runtime, that time just flew by. I actually wanted more. Mad props to Dean for pulling off this impressive and fun sci-fi adventure summer blockbuster. Also, shout-out to novice director Chris McKay for the outstanding job in his 2nd ever full length feature film. The casting and performances were excellent. Chris Pratt was amazing throughout, and the chemistry between him and Yvonne Strahovski felt authentic - when it needed to be, and even with his young daughter Ryan Kiera Armstrong. J. K. Simmons was his usual amazing self, and a perfect fit as Pratt's estranged father. The cinematography and S/VFX were excellent, but I did find the score too loud and overbearing in many parts throughout the film. Nevertheless, I'd ignore all the critics; grab the popcorn, sit in your favorite chair, and enjoy the ride. This little gem is one of the few films I'd see again. It's a well deserved 8/10from me. helpful•316 249 Top_Dawg_Critic Jul 3, 2021 FAQ6 Is this movie related to Edge of Tomorrow? Is there any connection to "The Great Wall" movie? Details Edit Release date September 3, 2021 (China) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 明日之战 Filming locations Iceland Production companies Skydance Media Paramount Pictures New Republic Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $200,000,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $14,400,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 18 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news The Terminal List: Release Date, Cast, And More Nov 11Slash Film New Republic Pictures Inks Development Deal With Providence Film Group; First Project Is William Monahan-Penned ‘The Wild Geese’ Nov 3Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.