The Last Airbender (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0938283/
The Last Airbender (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Last Airbender 20102010 PGPG 1h 43m IMDb RATING 4.0/10 159K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,167 29 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:32 18 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFamily Follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must master all four elements and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water Tribes and the Earth Kingdom.Follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must master all four elements and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water Tribes and the Earth Kingdom.Follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must master all four elements and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water Tribes and the Earth Kingdom. IMDb RATING 4.0/10 159K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,167 29 Director M. Night Shyamalan Writer M. Night Shyamalan Stars Noah Ringer Nicola Peltz Jackson Rathbone Top credits Director M. Night Shyamalan Writer M. Night Shyamalan Stars Noah Ringer Nicola Peltz Jackson Rathbone See production, box office & company info 1.6KUser reviews 299Critic reviews 20Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 8 wins & 12 nominations Videos18 Trailer 0:32 The Last Airbender - "Rebellion" TV Spot Trailer 0:32 The Last Airbender: "Legend" TV Spot Trailer 2:01 The Last Airbender: Trailer #3 Trailer 0:32 The Last Airbender: "Discover Your Element" TV Spot Trailer 1:56 The Last Airbender: Trailer #2 Trailer 0:34 The Last Airbender: Super Bowl Spot Trailer 1:40 The Last Airbender -- Trailer #1 Trailer 1:30 The Last Airbender -- International Trailer Clip 1:23 The Last Airbender Clip 0:24 The Last Airbender Clip 0:43 The Last Airbender Clip 0:22 The Last Airbender Photos133 Top cast Edit Noah Ringer Aangas Aang Nicola Peltz Kataraas Katara Jackson Rathbone Sokkaas Sokka Dev Patel Prince Zukoas Prince Zuko Shaun Toub Uncle Irohas Uncle Iroh Aasif Mandvi Commander Zhaoas Commander Zhao Cliff Curtis Fire Lord Ozaias Fire Lord Ozai Seychelle Gabriel Princess Yueas Princess Yue Katharine Houghton Katara's Grandmaas Katara's Grandma Francis Guinan Master Pakkuas Master Pakku Damon Gupton Monk Gyatsoas Monk Gyatso Summer Bishil Azulaas Azula Randall Duk Kim Old Man in Templeas Old Man in Temple John D'Alonzo Zhao's Assistantas Zhao's Assistant Keong Sim Earthbending Fatheras Earthbending Father Isaac Jin Solstein Earthbending Boyas Earthbending Boy Edmund Ikeda Old Man of Kyoshi Townas Old Man of Kyoshi Town John Noble The Dragon Spiritas The Dragon Spirit (voice) Director M. Night Shyamalan Writer M. Night Shyamalan All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.9 Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief 6.1 The Sorcerer's Apprentice 6.1 The Golden Compass 9.3 Avatar: The Last Airbender 6.2 The Karate Kid 5.8 Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters 5.8 Journey to the Center of the Earth 5.9 Wide Awake 6.0 Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian 5.2 Alvin and the Chipmunks 3.7 The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl 3-D 3.5 Spy Kids 4: All the Time in the World Storyline Edit The world is divided into four kingdoms, each represented by the element they harness, and peace has lasted throughout the realms of Water, Air, Earth, and Fire under the supervision of the Avatar, a link to the spirit world and the only being capable of mastering the use of all four elements. When young Avatar Aang disappears, the Fire Nation launches an attack to eradicate all members of the Air Nomads to prevent interference in their future plans for world domination. 100 years pass and current Fire Lord Ozai continues to conquer and imprison anyone with elemental "bending" abilities in the Earth and Water Kingdoms, while siblings Katara and Sokka from a Southern Water Tribe find a mysterious boy trapped beneath the ice outside their village. Upon rescuing him, he reveals himself to be Aang, Avatar and last of the Air Nomads. Swearing to protect the Avatar, Katara and Sokka journey with him to the Northern Water Kingdom in his quest to master "Waterbending" and eventually fulfill his destiny of once again restoring peace to the world. But as they inch nearer to their goal, the group must evade Prince Zuko, the exiled son of Lord Ozai, Commander Zhao, the Fire Nation's military leader, and the tyrannical onslaught of the evil Fire Lord himself. —The Massie Twins live action adaptationbased on animationbased on cartoonsupernatural powerhandheld weapon225 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Four nations, one destiny Genres Action Adventure Family Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for fantasy action violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The creators of the show, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, served as executive producers and were initially supportive of the film production. However, both of them ended up being very unsatisfied with the finished product. In a podcast interview from 2014, Konietzko revealed that "A) We didn't want it to be done at all. Before anyone was attached, we didn't want it. And then B) If it was going to be done, we wanted to do it, but they weren't going to let us. C) When they attached Night, we just thought, 'Well, this is what we've been dealt. We'll just offer help when it's asked of us, and if it's not, we'll stay out of the way.' In the beginning, it was more positive and we offered help, but then we had a big falling out." They've even mentioned how they gave a lot of input that went nowhere as it all got pushed to the wayside. Goofs During a large battle scene between the Fire Nation and the Northern Water Tribe, the camera pans to reveal a Fire Nation soldier fighting with no one. Quotes Uncle Iroh: [to Zuko, after Aang has escaped] It was not by chance that for generations people have been searching for him, and now you have found him. Your destinies are tied, Zuko. Crazy credits The closing credits feature Aang, Katara and Zuko bending their respective elements of water, fire and air (no earth bending is demonstrated). Alternate versions Also released in a 3D version. Connections Featured in The Rotten Tomatoes Show: The Twilight Saga: Eclipse/The Last Airbender/Grown Ups (2010) Soundtracks La La Written by Ashlee Simpson and John Shanks Performed by Ashlee Simpson Produced by John Shanks User reviews1.6K Review Top review Why, M. Night Shyamalan, why? I have been a fan of the series for a long time and ever since I heard that there was going to be a live action version, I was looking forward to it. I live in Europe so I had to wait till last weekend to see it. I did read all the bad reviews on IMDb, but I thought it's probably just people dissing the movie because they are upset over the casting. But oh my god was I wrong! This movie is the an absolute disgrace to the series. Really, it's a disgrace to professional film making! And it's not even the acting or the casting that are bad. It's the writing and directing all the way. Yes, the acting was bad, too, but I don't think it's really any of the actors fault. Every single actor had at least one moment that showed that they had great potential that the director failed to bring out - even Noah Ringer really sounded like Aang sometimes. They just needed someone directing them... About the screenplay: I don't know what Mr. Shyamalan thought while writing that screenplay. It was like watching random scenes from the first season of the cartoon with no connection and no seg way. The little dialog the movie did have was stiff and unnatural. There was no character development. A story like this needs to be told in an epic way, not in what seems like a theater student mash up! Where did all the budget go? Another thing that was wrong with the movie: The music! The music was horrible, a mere shadow of what we heard in the cartoon. How can the same person who composed the music for The Dark Knight do such a horrible job on another movie. There was no recognizable theme at all! Why does Shyamalan hire his friend who clearly didn't care for the movie or try hard, when he could have just hired the cartoons composer. The music from the cartoon was perfect and more than worthy of a big Hollywood production. There is much more I could say about this movie but I think it amounts all to the same thing: M. Night Shyamalan ruined this movie, and that saddens me greatly. I wish he had cared, but the end product proves he didn't. helpful•7 2 charlesmontgomery-burns Aug 17, 2010 Details Edit Release date August 23, 2010 (China) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Avatar: The Last Airbender Filming locations The Pagoda, Skyline Drive, Mt. Penn, Reading, Pennsylvania, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures Nickelodeon Movies Blinding Edge Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $150,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $131,772,187 Opening weekend US & Canada $40,325,019 Jul 4, 2010 Gross worldwide $319,713,881 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 43 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Dolby Surround 7.1 DTS SDDS Sonics-DDP Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news The Legend Of Korra: 10 Saddest Moments, Ranked Nov 16ScreenRant.com Avatar: 10 Best Airbending Fights, Ranked Nov 16ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.