The Sixth Sense (1999) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167404/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_164
The Sixth Sense (1999) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Sixth Sense 19991999 PG-13PG-13 1h 47m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 948K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 809 395 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:00 8 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysteryThriller A frightened, withdrawn Philadelphia boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.A frightened, withdrawn Philadelphia boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.A frightened, withdrawn Philadelphia boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 948K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 809 395 Director M. Night Shyamalan Writer M. Night Shyamalan Stars Bruce Willis Haley Joel Osment Toni Collette Top credits Director M. Night Shyamalan Writer M. Night Shyamalan Stars Bruce Willis Haley Joel Osment Toni Collette See production, box office & company info 2.3KUser reviews 270Critic reviews 64Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #164 Nominated for 6 Oscars 37 wins & 56 nominations total Videos8 Trailer 1:00 The Sixth Sense Trailer 1:31 Sixth Sense Clip 2:22 A Guide to the Films of M. Night Shyamalan Clip 1:03 'The Sixth Sense' | Anniversary Mashup Clip 3:34 Why "The Act" Is Peak True Crime Melodrama Full Episode 3:54 The Movie 'Booksmart' Star Kaitlyn Dever Can't Stop Watching Video 3:11 Haley Joel Osment's Favorite Memories of Tom Hanks and M. Night Shyamalan Video 2:59 'Hereditary' Star Toni Collette on How Acting Put Her in the Hospital Photos102 Top cast Edit Bruce Willis Malcolm Croweas Malcolm Crowe Haley Joel Osment Cole Searas Cole Sear Toni Collette Lynn Searas Lynn Sear Olivia Williams Anna Croweas Anna Crowe Trevor Morgan Tommy Tammisimoas Tommy Tammisimo Donnie Wahlberg Vincent Grayas Vincent Gray Peter Anthony Tambakis Darrenas Darren (as Peter Tambakis) Jeffrey Zubernis Bobbyas Bobby Bruce Norris Stanley Cunninghamas Stanley Cunningham Glenn Fitzgerald Seanas Sean Greg Wood Mr. Collinsas Mr. Collins Mischa Barton Kyra Collinsas Kyra Collins Angelica Page Mrs. Collinsas Mrs. Collins (as Angelica Torn) Lisa Summerour Bridesmaidas Bridesmaid Firdous Bamji Young Man Buying Ringas Young Man Buying Ring Samia Shoaib Young Woman Buying Ringas Young Woman Buying Ring Hayden Saunier Darren's Momas Darren's Mom Janis Dardaris Kitchen Womanas Kitchen Woman Director M. Night Shyamalan Writer M. Night Shyamalan All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 The Truman Show 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.2 Shutter Island 8.1 Jurassic Park 8.2 Die Hard 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.3 Braveheart 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.4 Memento 8.3 American Beauty Storyline Edit Malcom Crowe (Bruce Willis) is a child psychologist who receives an award on the same night that he is visited by a very unhappy ex-patient. After this encounter, Crowe takes on the task of curing a young boy with the same ills as the ex-patient (Donnie Wahlberg) . This boy "sees dead people". Crowe spends a lot of time with the boy much to the dismay of his wife (Olivia Williams). Cole's mom (Toni Collette) is at her wit's end with what to do about her son's increasing problems. Crowe is the boy's only hope. —Jeff Mellinger <jmell@uclink4.berkeley.edu> plot twistsurprise endingsingle motherable to see the deadghost137 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines "I see dead people" Genres Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense thematic material and violent images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Reportedly, Haley Joel Osment got the role of Cole Sear for one of three reasons. First, he was best for it. Second, he was the only boy at auditions who wore a tie. Third, director M. Night Shyamalan was surprised when he asked Osment if he read his part. Osment replied, "I read it three times last night." Shyamalan was impressed, saying, "Wow, you read your part three times?" To which Osment replied, "No, I read the script three times." Goofs Cole is aware of his teacher's stuttering issue during grade school through high school (Stuttering Stanley), but the behavior has nothing to do with anyone being dead, so it doesn't make sense that Cole knows this. The burn victim woman Cole talks to at the end (when Stanley walks in on him in the dressing room) was presumably a teacher at the school. In the very next scene Stanley says, "You know, when I was a student here there was a big fire." Obviously the burn victim woman (or a different fire victim we don't see) told Cole about Stanley's stuttering problem. Quotes Cole Sear: I see dead people. Malcolm Crowe: In your dreams? [Cole shakes his head no] Malcolm Crowe: While you're awake? [Cole nods] Malcolm Crowe: Dead people like, in graves? In coffins? Cole Sear: Walking around like regular people. They don't see each other. They only see what they want to see. They don't know they're dead. Malcolm Crowe: How often do you see them? Cole Sear: All the time. They're everywhere. Crazy credits The Spanish phrase "I don't want to die" that was played on the tape recorder in Malcolm's office is repeated after the credits. Alternate versions A network TV airing from ABC Family adds in a new scene that was not featured in the DVD as extras Connections Edited into Thomas Sanders & Friends: Joystick Joyride: Kingdom Hearts 3 Ep. 2: Hercules! Hercules! (2019) Soundtracks I Fall In Love Too Easily Written by Sammy Cahn and Jule Styne Performed by Chet Baker Courtesy of Blue Note Records, a division of Capitol Records, Inc. Under license from EMI-Capitol Music Special Markets User reviews2.3K Review Top review 9/10 One of the best films of 1999! I am embarrassed to admit that the only reason I saw THE SIXTH SENSE when I did was because THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT was sold out. I hadn't seen BLAIR WITCH yet but I heard great reviews, and of course it was sold out when I went to see it. So my friend and I decided to see THE SIXTH SENSE instead. Not only did it turn out to be a better movie than BLAIR WITCH is, but it turned out to be one of my favorites. THE SIXTH SENSE is about an award-winning child psychologist Dr. Malcolm Crowe (Bruce Willis), who is depressed because one of his former clients committed suicide because Crowe was unable to help him. Cole Sear (Haley Joel Osment) is a child that has social problems frighteningly similar to Crowe's old client, so Crowe decides he will try to help this child in order to find redemption. Cole later reveals that this problem goes well beyond normal social problems. He claims to be able to see the ghosts of dead people, but no one else can. The acting in THE SIXTH SENSE was superb. Olivia Williams does well as Anne Crowe, Willis' depressed wife, and Toni Collette does a great job as Lynn Sear, Osment's loving mother who is very concerned for her child. I think that Bruce Willis is at his very best in this movie, and I happen to be a fan of Willis. But I think that Haley Joel Osment stole the show. He did an amazing job, expressing more combined emotions that most adult actors have to deal with. He is definitely the best child actor I've ever seen, and I am glad that Bruce Willis let him have the spotlight. The plot is very entertaining, though at times you may wonder where it is going. The ending is the best part of the movie, and it completely changes whatever you originally thought of the whole story line. I applaud the advertisers of THE SIXTH SENSE for not leaving a trace of the surprise ending in the previews of the movie (unlike DOUBLE JEOPARDY) and I certainly will not give it away in this comment. But I will say that it will completely surprise most all of you. (I think many that say that they saw it coming are probably lying.) THE SIXTH SENSE is one of my favorite movies, and I think it is surely one of the best films of 1999. I hope it wins many Oscars this year, and I recommend that you go out and buy this movie now. helpful•38 5 Xophianic Feb 3, 2000 FAQ9 Are the pictures of younger Cole on the living room wall actually pictures of Haley Joel Osment when he was younger? What is 'The Sixth Sense' about? Is "The Sixth Sense" based on a book? Details Edit Release date August 6, 1999 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Disney+ Hotstar Languages English Latin Spanish Also known as 第六感 Filming locations Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA Production companies Hollywood Pictures Spyglass Entertainment The Kennedy/Marshall Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $40,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $293,506,292 Opening weekend US & Canada $26,681,262 Aug 8, 1999 Gross worldwide $672,806,432 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 47 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Kathleen Kennedy Renews Lucasfilm Contract Through 2024 Nov 16Slash Film ‘Belfast’ breakout Jude Hill could benefit from the SAG Awards’ love of child actors Oct 27Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.