The Dark Knight Rises (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1345836/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_71
The Dark Knight Rises (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Dark Knight Rises 20122012 PG-13PG-13 2h 44m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 1.6M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 324 12 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:12 18 Videos 99+ Photos ActionCrime Eight years after the Joker's reign of anarchy, Batman, with the help of the enigmatic Catwoman, is forced from his exile to save Gotham City from the brutal guerrilla terrorist Bane.Eight years after the Joker's reign of anarchy, Batman, with the help of the enigmatic Catwoman, is forced from his exile to save Gotham City from the brutal guerrilla terrorist Bane.Eight years after the Joker's reign of anarchy, Batman, with the help of the enigmatic Catwoman, is forced from his exile to save Gotham City from the brutal guerrilla terrorist Bane. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 1.6M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 324 12 Director Christopher Nolan Writers Jonathan Nolan(screenplay) Christopher Nolan(screenplay) David S. Goyer(story) Stars Christian Bale Tom Hardy Anne Hathaway Top credits Director Christopher Nolan Writers Jonathan Nolan(screenplay) Christopher Nolan(screenplay) David S. Goyer(story) Stars Christian Bale Tom Hardy Anne Hathaway See production, box office & company info 3.5KUser reviews 558Critic reviews 78Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #71 Awards 38 wins & 103 nominations total Videos18 Trailer 2:16 Nokia Promotions Version Trailer 2:19 No. 3 Trailer 2:05 No. 1 Trailer 1:35 Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:18 The Dark Knight Rises Clip 3:36 How 'The Batman' Could Connect to 'Joker' Clip 2:39 What We Know About 'Joker' ... So Far Featurette 13:25 13-Minute Preview Promo 0:30 TV Spot #1 Promo 0:30 TV Spot #2 Promo 0:30 TV Spot #3 Promo 1:22 The Dark Knight Rises Photos577 Top cast Edit Christian Bale Bruce Wayneas Bruce Wayne Tom Hardy Baneas Bane Anne Hathaway Selinaas Selina Gary Oldman Commissioner Gordonas Commissioner Gordon Joseph Gordon-Levitt Blakeas Blake Marion Cotillard Mirandaas Miranda Morgan Freeman Foxas Fox Michael Caine Alfredas Alfred Matthew Modine Foleyas Foley Alon Aboutboul Dr. Pavelas Dr. Pavel (as Alon Moni Aboutboul) Ben Mendelsohn Daggettas Daggett Burn Gorman Stryveras Stryver Daniel Sunjata Captain Jonesas Captain Jones Aidan Gillen CIA Opas CIA Op Sam Kennard Special Ops Sergeantas Special Ops Sergeant Aliash Tepina Hooded Man #2as Hooded Man #2 Nestor Carbonell Mayoras Mayor Brett Cullen Congressmanas Congressman Director Christopher Nolan Writers Jonathan Nolan(screenplay) Christopher Nolan(screenplay) (story) David S. Goyer(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Batman Begins 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.8 Inception 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War 8.4 Joker 8.4 Django Unchained 8.5 The Prestige 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.6 Interstellar 8.4 Avengers: Endgame 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Storyline Edit Despite his tarnished reputation after the events of The Dark Knight (2008), in which he took the rap for Dent's crimes, Batman feels compelled to intervene to assist the city and its Police force, which is struggling to cope with Bane's plans to destroy the city. —WellardRockard dc comicsbatman characterbruce wayne characterterrorist plotsequel709 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Legend Ends Genres Action Crime Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action, some sensuality and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia About a year before this movie's release, writer, producer, and director Christopher Nolan mentioned he was considering using a mixture of CGI and deleted scenes from The Dark Knight (2008) to have the Joker appear briefly. He ultimately decided it was disrespectful to Heath Ledger. Goofs (at around 44 mins) In the stock market scene, Bane's henchman that has the tablet that is downloading information is seen putting it in his bag. In the next shot he can be seen doing this again even though the tablet was already put in the bag. Quotes Jim Gordon: I never cared who you were... Batman: And you were right. Jim Gordon: ...but shouldn't the people know the hero whot saved them? Batman: A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended. [takes off in the Bat] Jim Gordon: Bruce Wayne? Crazy credits The Batman symbol is made of ice, and cracks as it zooms into the screen. Alternate versions On IMAX 70mm prints of Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol (2011), this film's prologue was shown as a special preview. It contained, with only one exception, entirely different takes of Bane's dialogue. Connections Featured in Side by Side (2012) Soundtracks Pavane pour une infante défunte Written by Maurice Ravel Performed by the Minnesota Orchestra with Stanislaw Skrowaczewski, Conductor Courtesy of Countdown Media User reviews3.5K Review Top review 10/10 A wonderful conclusion to a wonderful trilogy. After eight years in seclusion, Batman resurfaces to face Bane, a mastermind bent on destroying Gotham and has ties to Bruce Wayne's past. Christopher Nolan's conclusion to his Dark Knight trilogy should be treated as a wrap up rather than a third installment. Despite many new characters being introduced, even their conflicts and motives are derived from events that occurred in the previous two films. Such an approach could be seen as a weakness, since the conflict could just end up being sort of a rematch rather than moving the story forward; however, Nolan's approach works terrificly. Over an hour is shot in stunning IMAX, but the film is more touching than it is intense and that's its best quality. Hardy steps in as the genius mercenary Bane, who is slightly bigger, slightly stronger and slightly smarter than Batman, thus making him a challenge best suited for the grand finale. The Joker works best as Batman's arch-nemesis since they are polar opposites, with The Joker standing for everything Batman stands against. Two-Face works best as Batman's most tragic enemy because Harvey Dent is very much like Bruce Wayne the only difference is: Dent copes with his tragedy through revenge rather than seeking justice as Wayne did. Bane works best as Batman's most challenging villain because of his physical and mental superiority—forget the Bane you saw in "BATMAN & ROBIN". Nolan carefully chose all his villains in the series wisely and executed them perfectly. Hardy had big shoes to fill following Ledger's posthumous Oscar winning performance; while Bane is no Joker, Hardy does a satisfying job and should not be compared to Ledger's performance as they are completely different roles. It is Michael Caine, however, that delivers the most memorable and touching performance of the entire film. A wonderful conclusion to a wonderful trilogy. **** (out of four) helpful•210 46 Geeky Randy Jan 1, 2013 FAQ94 Who created the character of Batman? Bob Kane is listed in old (pre-2015) media including the comic books as creating Batman on his own but new media (made after 2015) shows him as co-creating the character with someone called Bill Finger, so what's all that about? Would the Joker have been the main villain if Heath Ledger hadn't died? How does the television set work in Bane's prison, and why did Bruce break it with the rock? Details Edit Release date August 27, 2012 (China) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Arabic Also known as Bianfu xia: Hei'an qishi jueqi Filming locations Mehrangarh Fort, Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India Production companies Warner Bros. Legendary Entertainment DC Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $250,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $448,139,099 Opening weekend US & Canada $160,887,295 Jul 22, 2012 Gross worldwide $1,081,142,612 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 44 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Datasat Dolby Digital IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news How can the Eternals franchise be saved? Nov 9The Guardian - Film News 10 Best Villains In Batman: Arkham Origins Nov 8ScreenRant.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Dark Knight Rises (2012) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.