The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120737/
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 20012001 PG-13PG-13 2h 58m IMDb RATING 8.8/10 1.7M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 108 48 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:02 9 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle-earth from the Dark Lord Sauron.A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle-earth from the Dark Lord Sauron.A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle-earth from the Dark Lord Sauron. IMDb RATING 8.8/10 1.7M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 108 48 Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Fellowship of the Ring") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) Stars Elijah Wood Ian McKellen Orlando Bloom Top credits Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Fellowship of the Ring") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) Stars Elijah Wood Ian McKellen Orlando Bloom See production, box office & company info 5.5KUser reviews 200Critic reviews 92Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #10 Won 4 Oscars 120 wins & 126 nominations total Videos9 Trailer 2:02 The Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu-ray Trailer 1:10 The Lord of the Rings Trilogy Clip 3:01 Does Andy Serkis Know How Many Times He's Played Gollum? Clip 1:33 A Guide to the Films of Peter Jackson Full Episode 3:05 "Special Skills" Host Jay Pharoah Wants to Live With This TV Family Full Episode 3:36 What Is "Looking for Alaska" Star Charlie Plummer's Favorite NYC Movie? Video 2:55 Roles That Jake Gyllenhaal Turned Down Video 3:08 Who Else Almost Starred In The Lord of the Rings? Video 1:55 Dates in Movie & TV History: Sept. 22 - Hobbit Day Photos816 Top cast Edit Elijah Wood Frodoas Frodo Ian McKellen Gandalfas Gandalf Orlando Bloom Legolasas Legolas Sean Bean Boromiras Boromir Alan Howard Voice of the Ringas Voice of the Ring (voice) Noel Appleby Everard Proudfootas Everard Proudfoot Sean Astin Samas Sam Sala Baker Sauronas Sauron Cate Blanchett Galadrielas Galadriel Billy Boyd Pippinas Pippin Marton Csokas Celebornas Celeborn Megan Edwards Mrs. Proudfootas Mrs. Proudfoot Michael Elsworth Gondorian Archivistas Gondorian Archivist Mark Ferguson Gil-galadas Gil-galad Ian Holm Bilboas Bilbo Christopher Lee Sarumanas Saruman Lawrence Makoare Lurtzas Lurtz Andy Serkis Gollumas Gollum (voice) Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Fellowship of the Ring") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Could Jake Gyllenhaal Save Middle-earth? Could Jake Gyllenhaal Save Middle-earth? It's been 15 years since the Lord of the Rings trilogy ended, but we still can't get enough. Let's look at the stars who missed out on adventures in Middle-earth.Find out 3:08 More like this 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.7 The Matrix 8.8 Inception 8.8 Forrest Gump 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.6 Star Wars 8.8 Fight Club 7.8 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey 8.5 Gladiator Storyline Edit An ancient Ring thought lost for centuries has been found, and through a strange twist of fate has been given to a small Hobbit named Frodo. When Gandalf discovers the Ring is in fact the One Ring of the Dark Lord Sauron, Frodo must make an epic quest to the Cracks of Doom in order to destroy it. However, he does not go alone. He is joined by Gandalf, Legolas the elf, Gimli the Dwarf, Aragorn, Boromir, and his three Hobbit friends Merry, Pippin, and Samwise. Through mountains, snow, darkness, forests, rivers and plains, facing evil and danger at every corner the Fellowship of the Ring must go. Their quest to destroy the One Ring is the only hope for the end of the Dark Lords reign. —Paul Twomey <toomsp@hotmail.com> ringquesthobbitmiddle earthepic294 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Legend Comes to Life Genres Action Adventure Drama Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for epic battle sequences and some scary images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Sir Christopher Lee (Saruman) read "The Lord of the Rings" once a year until his death in 2015, and had done so since the year it was published. He was also the only member of the cast and crew ever to have met J.R.R. Tolkien. Goofs Many viewers spotted a car in the background of the theatrical version when Sam says that he is now the furthest he has ever been from home. In a 1 December 2003 Newsweek article, director Peter Jackson confirmed this, and revealed the car had been removed digitally for the DVD release. Jackson says: "We actually didn't know about the car until we were cutting the movie. The smoke and dust wasn't so bad because there was already lots of it around, but the bloody windshield was reflecting the sun back into the camera lens. So we erased it for the DVD. I think some people were upset because they tried to show it to their friends and it was gone." (The infamous car can be seen on the "Academy DVD" which was created for the Oscar jurors and leaked on the Internet. Also, the unaltered shot with the car appearing in it is contained in the bonus material of the SEE DVD - the feature about the film score.) Quotes Frodo: I wish the ring had never come to me. I wish none of this had happened. Gandalf: So do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. There are other forces at work in this world Frodo, besides the will of evil. Bilbo was meant to find the Ring. In which case, you were also meant to have it. And that is an encouraging thought. Crazy credits After the end credits, the DVD and Blu Ray editions of the extended cut feature a list of "Lord of the Rings fan-club members" who contributed financially to the project in exchange for a credit. This additional credit sequence lasts 20 minutes. Alternate versions In March 2002 a 3-minute preview of the sequel, The Two Towers, was added to the theatrical release right before the end credits, making the film's running time 181m. This was later an easter egg on the extended DVD. Connections Edited into Lord of the Piercing (2002) Soundtracks Flaming Red Hair Music Composed and Performed by David Donaldson, David Long, Steve Roche (as Stephen Roche), Janet Roddick with Peter Daly, Chris O'Connor, Ruairidh Morrison, and Grant Shearer Courtesy of Mana Music User reviews5.5K Review Top review 10/10 Never before in my life were my cheeks more aching... ...but oh was I thankful for it!!! All through the movie I kept on having this big large smile sculpted into my face. For the record, I'm 25 years old, and I've read "The Lord of the Rings" in three times for the first time when I was six or seven years old. Ever since then, I read it at least once or twice a year - therefore you can count me as a fan, for I follow the same cult fan procedure with "The Hobbit" and "The Silmarillion" as well. Now onto the movie... Gosh, I saw it more than one time, and I keep wanting more of it. It just never gets boring! I really enjoyed the little stuff that is found throughout the movie for fans of the books (the map on Bilbo's table in his house comes to mind, it is exactly as the one in "The Hobbit" book that I own), and I also incredibly enjoyed the intro sequence with the re-telling of the battle against Sauron from the Silmarillion, never has an ultimate evil being been so well depicted on the screen. It truly is Sauron. Those who argue the movie cuts too many parts or that it changes the story too much are totally wrong. This movie could not have shown the whole first time in its entirety - keep in mind that the audiobook version of 'Fellowship of the Ring' lasts well over ten hours, making a movie this long would, well, make it way too long and besides, how would you financially sustain such a project? I've read a reviewer saying he'd make all three books with the time allowed for the first movie alone. I think it would be a very fast-forwarding experience of a movie with 'Alvin and the Chimpmunks' kind of voices, incredibly stupid to say the least. Ok, so there are changes in the movie - well, this is Jackson's vision of it. All of us have our own visions of the books, which may or may not be compatible with that of Jackson's, but I can safely assume that nobody can say they have a hundred percent the same vision of the story as Tolkien; that's the thing with books: each reader has a different vision of it. As for me, I was blown away. Never before have I felt so much at home in a movie, it is as if I had taken a walk in the town where I grew up, the Shire, Rivendell, Moria, Lorien, everything felt so much like home, I was moved. I cannot tell of another movie that had me shed tears just by seeing a landscape on screen. As for the changes, well, I found good reasons behind all of them, and let me tell you right away, I was happy that Arwen saved Frodo, yes, maybe coming from a fan it will look like absolute heresy, but I enjoyed the scene a lot. I did not enjoy it because it was supposedly politically-correct to do so, or that I find Liv Tyler to be absolutely attractive; it was just because I felt like even though it was a big change from the book, it was a very good one indeed, it makes you discover the power, determination, and courage of elves and the fact that even elven women, although great in their beauty and seemingly fragile in appearance do not have anything to envy to their male counterparts. And beside, as Arwen is to become a Queen later on, it was pretty good to see her have a great first appearance. The actors were great, they were a lot into their characters, and for the first time, I saw elves as they were, quick, agile, terrifyingly effective in battle - just look at how Legolas dealed with the hordes of enemies without a single hint of fear in his eyes - these are elves as they should be. Gimli was great too, I know people seem to think many characters were not developed enough, but by the actions you can learn a lot. With Gimli a lot can be learned about the dwarves, their pride, deep sense of honor and family, their mistrust of elves, their love for strong beer and a good fight against anything bigger, and their sheer hatred for orcs and the likes. Aragorn was totally the ranger character, the ending scene as he walked toward the horde of Uruk-Hai warriors was great, his attitude, his clothes, everything about him just cried "ranger". Boromir was very well depicted, desperate to save the people of Gondor, by any mean necessary, robbed of all hope, yet in the end he redeems himself by showing his true valour, deep down, he's willing to die to defeat evil, and when he recognizes his king in Aragorn, on his last breath, I felt like watching a hero die, it was moving. The hobbits were all great, Frodo is deeply sad and fatalist, and Sam is just the 'best friend' everyone would like to have, just as it should be. Finally, we have Gandalf, quite frankly, he looks mighty, Ian IS Gandalf. The faceoff against the Balrog in the Moria is a memorable sequence, and just shows how strong he really is, to be able to vanquish such a foe. I can't wait for his return. Quite frankly, I can't wait for the two other movies... In the meantime, I'll watch this one over and over again. This movie has everything that a good movie needs to have, and more. Plus, it just might bring more people to actually read books that have more pages than the average little 25¢ novel that has no value in it, which is great. Parents, maybe some scenes will frighten your kids, but this movie has almost NO blood (even though it has a good share of battle) and the foes are undeniably evil, plus it has good values in it - friendship, courage, responsiblity, sacrifice for a good cause, and the belief that anyone can help to change things. This is worthy of Tolkien, this is a movie that will go down in history as being one of the best ever, for sure. helpful•646 111 Nachtritter Jan 30, 2002 FAQ38 When Elrond says to Gandalf, "the time of the elves is over, my people are leaving these shores", what does he mean? If they're leaving Rivendell just because Sauron's eye is "fixed on Rivendell", why does that have to mean the elves are all going to die(their time is over)? Whey can't they just go somewhere else and still be? Whey didn't Elrond stop the evil thousands of years ago and simply shoot Isildor in the back with an arrow as he walked away with the ring, then kick Isildor and the ring over the edge and into the fire so the ring would be destroyed? What is 'The Fellowship of the Ring' about? Details Edit Release date April 4, 2002 (China) Countries of origin New Zealand United States Official sites centrumfilmow Official Facebook Languages English Sindarin Also known as 指环王：护戒使者 Filming locations Wellington, New Zealand Production companies New Line Cinema WingNut Films The Saul Zaentz Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $93,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $315,710,750 Opening weekend US & Canada $47,211,490 Dec 23, 2001 Gross worldwide $897,690,072 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital EX SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news How Amazon’s The Wheel of Time Embraces Female-Focused Fantasy Nov 17Den of Geek The Morning Watch: Incredibles 2 Animation Progression, Ryan Reynolds Does Antiques Roadshow & More Nov 17Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.