The Godfather (1972) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068646/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_2
The Godfather (1972) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Godfather 19721972 RR 2h 55m IMDb RATING 9.2/10 1.7M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 68 34 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:16 11 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDrama The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty in postwar New York City transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant youngest son.The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty in postwar New York City transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant youngest son.The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty in postwar New York City transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant youngest son. IMDb RATING 9.2/10 1.7M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 68 34 Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Mario Puzo(screenplay by) Francis Ford Coppola(screenplay by) Stars Marlon Brando Al Pacino James Caan Top credits Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Mario Puzo(screenplay by) Francis Ford Coppola(screenplay by) Stars Marlon Brando Al Pacino James Caan See production, box office & company info 4.6KUser reviews 269Critic reviews 100Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #2 Won 3 Oscars 31 wins & 30 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 1:16 Official Trailer Clip 0:43 'The Godfather' | Filming Locations Clip 3:28 Moran Atias Picks Her "Seinfeld" Spirt Animal Clip 1:42 The Godfather Clip 0:48 The Godfather Clip 1:49 The Godfather Full Episode 2:32 Who Are the Best TV and Movie Dads? Video 1:20 Movies vs. Films, and the Best of Both With O'Shea Jackson Jr. Video 3:21 Ben Schwartz Is Don Corleone, James Bond, and Pennywise Video 1:20 '2001: A Space Odyssey' Changed Michael Mando's View of Life Video 1:49 "What's That Trilogy?" With Arielle Kebbel Game Photos458 Top cast Edit Marlon Brando Don Vito Corleoneas Don Vito Corleone Al Pacino Michaelas Michael James Caan Sonnyas Sonny Diane Keaton Kay Adamsas Kay Adams Richard S. Castellano Clemenzaas Clemenza (as Richard Castellano) Robert Duvall Tom Hagenas Tom Hagen Sterling Hayden Capt. McCluskeyas Capt. McCluskey John Marley Jack Woltzas Jack Woltz Richard Conte Barzinias Barzini Al Lettieri Sollozzoas Sollozzo Abe Vigoda Tessioas Tessio Talia Shire Connieas Connie Gianni Russo Carloas Carlo John Cazale Fredoas Fredo Rudy Bond Cuneoas Cuneo Al Martino Johnny Fontaneas Johnny Fontane Morgana King Mama Corleoneas Mama Corleone Lenny Montana Luca Brasias Luca Brasi Director Francis Ford Coppola Writers Mario Puzo(screenplay by) (based on the novel by) Francis Ford Coppola(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 9.3 The Shawshank Redemption 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.9 Schindler's List 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.7 Goodfellas 7.6 The Godfather: Part III 8.8 Fight Club 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.8 Inception 9.0 12 Angry Men Storyline Edit The Godfather "Don" Vito Corleone is the head of the Corleone mafia family in New York. He is at the event of his daughter's wedding. Michael, Vito's youngest son and a decorated WW II Marine is also present at the wedding. Michael seems to be uninterested in being a part of the family business. Vito is a powerful man, and is kind to all those who give him respect but is ruthless against those who do not. But when a powerful and treacherous rival wants to sell drugs and needs the Don's influence for the same, Vito refuses to do it. What follows is a clash between Vito's fading old values and the new ways which may cause Michael to do the thing he was most reluctant in doing and wage a mob war against all the other mafia families which could tear the Corleone family apart. —srijanarora-152-448595 crime familypatriarchmafiaorganized crimegambling syndicate365 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines An offer you can't refuse. Genres Crime Drama Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During an early shot of the scene where Vito Corleone returns home and his people carry him up the stairs, Marlon Brando put weights under his body on the bed as a prank, to make it harder to lift him. Goofs During Sonny and Carlo's fight, one of Sonny's "movie" punches is shot from the wrong angle and clearly misses, but still produces the sound of an impact. Quotes Michael: My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. Kay Adams: Do you know how naive you sound, Michael? Presidents and senators don't have men killed. Michael: Oh. Who's being naive, Kay? Crazy credits In the end credits, Marlon Brando's name is the only one that is not accompanied by the character name that he plays (e.g. "as Vito Corleone"). Alternate versions In 1972, Paramount was owned by Gulf & Western, so that company's name appears on the opening Paramount logo. When the film was re-released in 1997, Paramount was owned by Viacom, which placed its named on the re-release Paramount logo, and all subsequent video releases. Connections Edited into The Godfather: A Novel for Television (1977) Soundtracks Mall Wedding Sequence (1972) Music by Carmine Coppola User reviews4.6K Review Top review 10/10 An offer so good, I couldn't refuse It is now past 1 PM and I just finished watching Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather". I should probably go to bed. It's late and tomorrow I have to wake up a bit early. But not early enough to postpone writing these lines. Now that I have seen it three times, the opportunity of sharing my thoughts and refreshed insights are too much of a good offer to sit on. So, bear with me. This film works so well because it takes place in an underworld in which we are so embedded that we do not even observe it. Coppola puts us straight in the smack-dab center of what is, admittedly, a society made by criminals for criminals. It is also the reason why it's so welcoming. We are surrounded by its inhabitants--cold-blooded murderers, men who see crime like a 9 to 5 job masquerading as honorable men. And I do mean men. From the outside, we would only witness the horrifying, disturbing manifestations of their well-thought out actions. But it goes even deeper than that. It all revolves around the Corleone family led by Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando). He is the most honest of these men, sitting right on the edge. But for people like him, who do not fully embrace this world, it's not easy. He avoids conflict until it is absolutely necessary. He is a man defined by moral principles. There is a scene at the beginning, in which, during his daughter's wedding day, one of his associates, Luca Brasi (Lenny Montana) practices his speech that he is going to give to the Don when he meets him. The scene with these two is funny and almost adorable. I could not help but sympathize both of them only to realize that I am feeling warmth for two mobsters. Not to even mention that Lenny Montana was an actual mob hit-man and that he was actually nervous as he said that line. The more I watched the more I realized just how incredibly complex and ruthless this society is and how it has the power to corrupt anyone to come in contact with it. The best example is Corleone's youngest son, Michael (Al Pacino). He returns home for his sister's wedding as a war hero dressed the part with his long-time girlfriend, Kay Adams (Diane Keaton). At first, he avoids this underworld, but necessity, first-hand exposure and just its sheer devilish appealing nature draws him in. As we get further in the film, the change is shocking and every outsider who ever got close to him is tainted in one way or another. If they survive it, they are drawn in as well as we are as viewers. Inside, Coppola exposes the family to us fully, with a bold personal approach and we witness every discussion, every methodically calculated choice. Crime is done simply because it is the nature of their business, and we are put on a chair alongside them, so we easily relate. For us, they are the good guys, the rival families are the bad guys. This is the greatest feat this film managed to pull off--set apart good guys and bad guys in a world filled with bad guys. This is a film of unmatched subtlety. No other movie sustains itself as good. No other film is done with such precision, attention and completeness. There are many layers which I probably missed and maybe will never notice. But I felt them. What director Francis Ford Coppola and his partner in crime (poor choice of words, sorry) Mario Puzo did is nothing short of a timeless piece of reference cinema whose influence is not based on reinventing the wheel, but rather perfecting it to the absolute maximum. Most masterpieces are remembered for their historical contributions. "Citizen Kane" brought the biggest step-up to the art form, the same things did "Gone With the Wind" or "2001: A Space Odyssey". "The Godfather" is one of the few films that will be remembered simply because they are that good and I cannot possibly imagine a greater achievement. helpful•150 16 andrewburgereviews Apr 1, 2019 FAQ40 Was Tom Hagen the one who put the horse's severed head in Jack Woltz's bed? What is the conclusion of this movie? Who shot Moe Greene?? And how was the special effect with the glasses & blood done?? It was 1972, so we can rule out CGI. Details Edit Release date March 24, 1972 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Twitter Languages English Italian Latin Also known as 教父 Filming locations Forza d'Agrò, Messina, Sicily, Italy Production companies Paramount Pictures Alfran Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $134,966,411 Opening weekend US & Canada $302,393 Mar 19, 1972 Gross worldwide $246,120,986 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 55 minutes Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Late Cinematographers Michael Chapman and Allen Daviau Remembered at Camerimage Film Festival Nov 16Variety Film + TV "Sneakerella" - Lace Up and Dream Nov 16SneakPeek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.