The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2278388/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_193
The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Grand Budapest Hotel 20142014 RR 1h 39m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 753K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 164 37 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:26 51 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureComedyCrime A writer encounters the owner of an aging high-class hotel, who tells him of his early years serving as a lobby boy in the hotel's glorious years under an exceptional concierge.A writer encounters the owner of an aging high-class hotel, who tells him of his early years serving as a lobby boy in the hotel's glorious years under an exceptional concierge.A writer encounters the owner of an aging high-class hotel, who tells him of his early years serving as a lobby boy in the hotel's glorious years under an exceptional concierge. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 753K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 164 37 Director Wes Anderson Writers Stefan Zweig(inspired by the writings of) Wes Anderson(screenplay) Hugo Guinness(story) Stars Ralph Fiennes F. Murray Abraham Mathieu Amalric Top credits Director Wes Anderson Writers Stefan Zweig(inspired by the writings of) Wes Anderson(screenplay) Hugo Guinness(story) Stars Ralph Fiennes F. Murray Abraham Mathieu Amalric See production, box office & company info 975User reviews 579Critic reviews 88Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #193 Won 4 Oscars 134 wins & 226 nominations total Videos51 Trailer 2:26 International Trailer Clip 1:54 A Guide to the Films of Wes Anderson Clip 1:09 Clip Clip 1:00 Clip Clip 1:40 Clip Clip 0:36 Clip Clip 1:19 Clip Clip 1:21 Clip Clip 1:09 Clip Clip 1:04 Clip Clip 0:44 Clip Clip 0:50 Clip Photos164 Top cast Edit Ralph Fiennes M. Gustaveas M. Gustave F. Murray Abraham Mr. Moustafaas Mr. Moustafa Mathieu Amalric Serge X.as Serge X. Adrien Brody Dmitrias Dmitri Willem Dafoe Joplingas Jopling Jeff Goldblum Deputy Kovacsas Deputy Kovacs Harvey Keitel Ludwigas Ludwig Jude Law Young Writeras Young Writer Bill Murray M. Ivanas M. Ivan Edward Norton Henckelsas Henckels Saoirse Ronan Agathaas Agatha Jason Schwartzman M. Jeanas M. Jean Léa Seydoux Clotildeas Clotilde Tilda Swinton Madame D.as Madame D. Tom Wilkinson Authoras Author Owen Wilson M. Chuckas M. Chuck Tony Revolori Zeroas Zero Larry Pine Mr. Mosheras Mr. Mosher Director Wes Anderson Writers Stefan Zweig(inspired by the writings of) Wes Anderson(screenplay) (story) Hugo Guinness(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson IMDb takes a closer look at the trademarks of Wes Anderson's directorial style, including tracking shots, hand-placed objects, distinct color palettes, and more.Watch the video 1:54 More like this 7.8 Moonrise Kingdom 7.6 The Royal Tenenbaums 7.9 Isle of Dogs 7.2 The Darjeeling Limited 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.1 The Truman Show 8.5 Whiplash 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.1 Gone Girl 7.3 The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou Storyline Edit This movie recounts the adventures of M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars, and Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori), the lobby boy who becomes his most trusted friend. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting and the battle for an enormous family fortune - all against the backdrop of a suddenly and dramatically changing continent. —Fox Searchlight Pictures hotellobby boyfirst person narrationpaintingprison escape401 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Adventure Comedy Crime Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language, some sexual content and violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The scene in which Ludwig (Harvey Keitel) says "Good luck, kid!" before slapping Zero (Tony Revolori) across the face was shot forty-two times until Wes Anderson was satisfied. Keitel actually slapped Revolori each time. Goofs When the concierges are pulled away from their important duties, one concierge is administering modern CPR, which was invented in the 1960s. Promotion for non-medical professionals started in the 1970s. Quotes M. Gustave: You see, there are still faint glimmers of civilization left in this barbaric slaughterhouse that was once known as humanity. Indeed that's what we provide in our own modest, humble, insignificant... oh, fuck it. Crazy credits Near the end of the closing credits, an animated Russian figure does a traditional dance. Connections Edited into 365 days, also known as a Year (2019) Soundtracks The Linden Tree Written by Pavel Vasilevich Kulikov Performed by Osipov State Russian Folk Orchestra, Vitaly Gnutov Courtesy of Natalya Abramyan and National Music Publishers Courtesy of Universal International Music B.V. Under license from Universal Music Enterprises User reviews975 Review Top review 9/10 A hotel well worth revisiting more than once That it was directed by Wes Anderson (who has a unique style that really fascinates, but admittedly not everybody will like or warm to his style) and that the cast is so stellar were reasons enough to see 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' in the first place, as well as its many accolades and critical acclaim. While it isn't quite flawless, and it is easy to see why a number of people don't like or will not like it (due to a lot of the cast's roles being pretty short, only Gustave and Zero being fully fleshed out of the characters and those who have a problem with Anderson's style), 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' is a visually stunning, hugely entertaining, wonderfully weird and impeccably cast and acted film. It really stuns visually, with cinematography that is not only clever in technique but also gorgeous in aesthetic and tight, fluid editing. The costumes, production design and hair and make-up richly deserved their Oscar/Academy Award wins, the costume and production design have a lusciously colourful fairy-tale feel while also given substance by the bleakly atmospheric quality that reflects the crime drama aspect of the story brilliantly. Alexandre Desplat also received an Oscar, and with its hauntingly hypnotic and entrancing tones it richly deserved it as to me it was by far the best score of those nominated. Anderson directs superbly, the story balances darkness and quirkiness to great effect (the prison scene is unforgettable) and it's never too simplistic or convoluted (though of course the visuals, dialogue and performances make much more of an impact) and the screenplay is a sublime mixture of the dark, the quirky, the witty and the subtle delivered with rapid-fire. 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' boasts an impeccable cast and pretty much everybody does a splendid job, though many of the roles are short. My only criticism of the film is that Harvey Keitel and Saoirse Ronan are underused and just get lost amongst everything else, an unrecognisable Tilda Swinton also has little to do but still gives a bat-out-of-hell performance. Bill Murray, F. Murray Abraham, Jeff Goldblum, Jason Schwartzman and Owen Wilson give very entertaining performances, while Edward Norton is delightfully droll and Adrien Brody and especially Willem Dafoe bring sinister foreboding to the film. Some may say that Tony Revolori is overshadowed by the more experienced cast members (being the only newcomer in a large cast of big names), but to me he more than holds his own and effectively plays it straight. The film belongs to Ralph Fiennes, in what is essentially the heart of the film, while he has always been a fine actor he has not given a performance this brilliant in years, never knew he could be so riotously funny. In conclusion, a wonderful film and a hotel well worth revisiting more than once if to one's taste. 9/10 Bethany Cox helpful•37 7 TheLittleSongbird Aug 5, 2016 FAQ3 Was the erotic painting that replaces "Boy with Apple" painted just for the movie? Who is giant prisoner with scar on his face??? Details Edit Release date March 6, 2014 (Germany) Countries of origin United States Germany Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English French German Also known as 布达佩斯大饭店 Filming locations Görlitz, Saxony, Germany Production companies Fox Searchlight Pictures Indian Paintbrush Studio Babelsberg See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $59,301,324 Opening weekend US & Canada $811,166 Mar 9, 2014 Gross worldwide $172,945,750 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 39 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix SDDS Datasat Dolby Digital Dolby Surround 7.1 Related news 10 Best Songs In Wes Anderson Movies Nov 17ScreenRant.com Jonny Greenwood, Hans Zimmer Among Likely Original Score Contenders for Oscars in 2022 Nov 5Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.