The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1659337/
The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Perks of Being a Wallflower 20122012 PG-13PG-13 1h 43m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 485K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 442 376 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:26 4 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomance An introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors who welcome him to the real world.An introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors who welcome him to the real world.An introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors who welcome him to the real world. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 485K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 442 376 Director Stephen Chbosky Writer Stephen Chbosky(screenplay by) Stars Logan Lerman Emma Watson Ezra Miller Top credits Director Stephen Chbosky Writer Stephen Chbosky(screenplay by) Stars Logan Lerman Emma Watson Ezra Miller See production, box office & company info 729User reviews 394Critic reviews 67Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 19 wins & 50 nominations Videos4 Trailer 2:26 No. 1 Trailer 2:15 The Perks of Being a Wallflower Clip 0:47 "A Toast to Charlie" Video 1:34 It's All Relative with Nina Dobrev and Her Perfect TV and Movie Family Photos202 Top cast Edit Logan Lerman Charlieas Charlie Emma Watson Samas Sam Ezra Miller Patrickas Patrick Paul Rudd Mr. Andersonas Mr. Anderson Dylan McDermott Fatheras Father Kate Walsh Motheras Mother Patrick de Ledebur Senior Bullyas Senior Bully Johnny Simmons Bradas Brad Brian Balzerini Linebackeras Linebacker Tom Kruszewski Nose Tackleas Nose Tackle Nina Dobrev Candaceas Candace Nicholas Braun Ponytail Derekas Ponytail Derek Julia Garner Susanas Susan Tom Savini Mr. Callahanas Mr. Callahan Emily Marie Callaway Mean Freshman Girlas Mean Freshman Girl (as Emily Callaway) Chelsea Zhang Shakespeare Girlas Shakespeare Girl Jesse Scheirer Freshman Boyas Freshman Boy Justine Nicole Schaefer Twin Girlas Twin Girl (as Justine Schaefer) Director Stephen Chbosky Writer Stephen Chbosky(screenplay by) (based on his book) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 (500) Days of Summer 7.4 Lady Bird 7.7 The Fault in Our Stars 7.9 Call Me by Your Name 7.8 The Notebook 8.0 La La Land 7.8 Little Women 7.3 10 Things I Hate About You 7.7 Silver Linings Playbook 7.4 Juno 7.4 Crazy, Stupid, Love. 7.3 The Edge of Seventeen Storyline Edit Based on the novel written by Stephen Chbosky, this is about 15-year-old Charlie (Logan Lerman), an endearing and naive outsider, coping with first love (Emma Watson), the suicide of his best friend, and his own mental illness while struggling to find a group of people with whom he belongs. The introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors, Sam and Patrick, who welcome him to the real world. —Anonymous coming of agehigh schoolintrovertgayfirst love384 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines We accept the love we think we deserve. Genres Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 on appeal for mature thematic material, drug and alcohol use, sexual content including references, and a fight - all involving teens Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In Entertainment Weekly, Emma Watson reported that she took the role because Stephen Chbosky told her that "Not only is this going to be one of the most important parts you play, you're also going to have the summer of your life and meet some of your best friends." She also reported that the claim came true. Goofs Mr. Anderson claims that it was Charles Dickens who left a character literally hanging by his fingers in a serialized story, thus contributing to the term "cliffhanger." In fact, the author was Thomas Hardy, in his 1873 serial novel A Pair of Blue Eyes. Quotes [last lines] Charlie: [voice-over] I don't know if I will have the time to write any more letters because I might be too busy trying to participate. So if this does end up being the last letter, I just want you to know that I was in a bad place before I started high school, and you helped me. Even if you didn't know what I was talking about or know someone who's gone through it, you made me not feel alone. Because I know there are people who say all these things don't happen. And there are people who forget what it's like to be 16 when they turn 17. I know these will all be stories someday. And our pictures will become old photographs. We'll all become somebody's mom or dad. But right now these moments are not stories. This is happening. I am here and I am looking at her. And she is so beautiful. I can see it. This one moment when you know you're not a sad story. You are alive, and you stand up and see the lights on the buildings and everything that makes you wonder. And you're listening to that song and that drive with the people you love most in this world. And in this moment I swear, we are infinite. Connections Featured in Chelsea Lately: Episode #6.135 (2012) Soundtracks Could It Be Another Change Written by Sean Kelly Performed by The Samples Courtesy of W.A.R.? - What Are Records? Ltd. User reviews729 Review Top review Overrated This film is about a shy high school misfit who becomes a cool guy after two seniors taking him under their wings. "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" tells a story of a shy guy who blossoms socially as he develops friendships with two step-siblings. It involves the typical American high school life; with experimentation in sex and drugs, experiences with dating, fights and bullying. I can see how a lot of people can identify with the characters and events in the film, and hence "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" gets such a high rating. However, I think it is overrated. I thought it was a plain coming of age drama. It doesn't push that many boundaries, and there is nothing new. The story is not particularly captivating, and in fact the subtle subplots (involving flashbacks) can be confusing. My friends and I did not agree with the positive critics and the high ratings. helpful•48 46 Gordon-11 Jan 19, 2013 FAQ8 Is 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' based on a book? What are the songs used in the trailer? What did Aunt Helen do to Charlie? Details Edit Release date October 18, 2012 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Facebook Language English Also known as 壁花少年 Filming locations Fort Pitt Tunnel, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA Production companies Summit Entertainment Mr. Mudd See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $13,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $17,742,948 Opening weekend US & Canada $228,359 Sep 23, 2012 Gross worldwide $33,384,127 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 43 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Hulu Series About Famous Killer Candy Montgomery Casts Melanie Lynskey as Victim Betty Gore Oct 12Variety Film + TV ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Earns $800,000 at Thursday Box Office Sep 24The Wrap Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012) officially released in Canada in French?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.