The Great Dictator (1940) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0032553/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_56
The Great Dictator (1940) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Great Dictator 19401940 GG 2h 5m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 215K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,636 123 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:32 1 Video 99+ Photos ComedyDramaWar Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 215K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,636 123 Director Charles Chaplin Writer Charles Chaplin Stars Charles Chaplin Paulette Goddard Jack Oakie Top credits Director Charles Chaplin Writer Charles Chaplin Stars Charles Chaplin Paulette Goddard Jack Oakie See production, box office & company info 304User reviews 119Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #56 Nominated for 5 Oscars 6 wins & 6 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 1:32 The Great Dictator: The Criterion Collection Photos138 Top cast Edit Charles Chaplin Hynkel - Dictator of Tomaniaas Hynkel - Dictator of Tomania… Paulette Goddard Hannahas Hannah Jack Oakie Napaloni - Dictator of Bacteriaas Napaloni - Dictator of Bacteria Reginald Gardiner Schultzas Schultz Henry Daniell Garbitschas Garbitsch Billy Gilbert Herringas Herring Grace Hayle Madame Napalonias Madame Napaloni Carter DeHaven Bacterian Ambassadoras Bacterian Ambassador (as Carter De Haven) Maurice Moscovitch Mr. Jaeckelas Mr. Jaeckel (as Maurice Moscovich) Emma Dunn Mrs. Jaeckelas Mrs. Jaeckel Bernard Gorcey Mr. Mannas Mr. Mann Paul Weigel Mr. Agaras Mr. Agar Chester Conklin Barber's Customeras Barber's Customer Esther Michelson Jewish Womanas Jewish Woman Hank Mann Storm Trooper Stealing Fruitas Storm Trooper Stealing Fruit Florence Wright Blonde Secretaryas Blonde Secretary Eddie Gribbon Tomanian Storm Trooperas Tomanian Storm Trooper Rudolph Anders Tomanian Commandant at Osterlichas Tomanian Commandant at Osterlich (as Robert O. Davis) Director Charles Chaplin Writer Charles Chaplin All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 City Lights 8.2 The Gold Rush 8.1 The Circus 8.4 Paths of Glory 8.5 Casablanca 8.1 Limelight 8.3 Citizen Kane 8.5 C'era una volta il West 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 8.5 Rear Window 8.5 Nuovo Cinema Paradiso 8.4 Sunset Blvd. Storyline Edit 20 years after the end of WWI, in which the nation of Tomainia was on the losing side, Adenoid Hynkel has risen to power as the ruthless dictator of the country. He believes in a pure Aryan state and the decimation of the Jews. This situation is unknown to a simple Jewish Tomainian barber who has been hospitalized since a WWI battle. Upon his release the barber, who had been suffering from memory loss about the war, is shown the new persecuted life of the Jews by many living in the Jewish ghetto, including a washerwoman named Hannah with whom he begins a relationship. The barber is ultimately spared such persecution by Commander Schultz, whom he saved in that WWI battle. The lives of all Jews in Tomainia are eventually spared with a policy shift by Hynkel himself, who is doing so for ulterior motives. But those motives include a desire for world domination, starting with the invasion of neighboring Osterlich, which may be threatened by Benzino Napaloni, the dictator of neighboring Bacteria. Ultimately Schultz, who has turned traitor against Hynkel's regime, and the barber may be able to join forces to take control of the situation, using Schultz's inside knowledge of the regime's workings and the barber's uncanny resemblance to one of those in power. —Huggo dictatorinvented languageanti war comedy1910sslapstick comedy77 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Comedy Masterpiece! Genres Comedy Drama War Certificate G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Adolf Hitler banned the film in Germany and in all countries occupied by the Nazis. Curiosity got the best of him, and he had a print brought in through Portugal. History records that he screened it twice, in private, but history did not record his reaction to the film. Charles Chaplin said, "I'd give anything to know what he thought of it." For political reasons in Germany, the ban stayed after the end of WWII until 1958. Goofs (at around 35 mins) When the Barber is chased in the Ghetto streets by Stormtroopers, one California studio building can be seen in the upper right corner of the frame. Quotes [last lines] A Jewish Barber: I'm sorry, but I don't want to be an emperor. That's not my business. I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone if possible; Jew, Gentile, black man, white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone, and the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way. Greed has poisoned men's souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical; our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost. The airplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men; cries out for universal brotherhood; for the unity of us all. Even now my voice is reaching millions throughout the world, millions of despairing men, women, and little children, victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people. To those who can hear me, I say, do not despair. The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed, the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress. The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish. Soldiers! Don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you, enslave you; who regiment your lives, tell you what to do, what to think and what to feel! Who drill you, diet you, treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men - machine men with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines, you are not cattle, you are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You don't hate! Only the unloved hate; the unloved and the unnatural. Soldiers! Don't fight for slavery! Fight for liberty! In the seventeenth chapter of St. Luke, it is written that the kingdom of God is within man, not one man nor a group of men, but in all men! In you! You, the people, have the power, the power to create machines, the power to create happiness! You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure. Then in the name of democracy, let us use that power. Let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world, a decent world that will give men a chance to work, that will give youth a future and old age a security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power. But they lie! They do not fulfill that promise. They never will! Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people. Now let us fight to fulfill that promise. Let us fight to free the world! To do away with national barriers! To do away with greed, with hate and intolerance! Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all men's happiness. Soldiers, in the name of democracy, let us all unite! Hannah, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up Hannah! The clouds are lifting! The sun is breaking through! We are coming out of the darkness into the light! We are coming into a new world; a kindlier world, where men will rise above their hate, their greed, and brutality. Look up, Hannah! The soul of man has been given wings and at last he is beginning to fly. He is flying into the rainbow! Into the light of hope, into the future! The glorious future, that belongs to you, to me and to all of us. Look up, Hannah. Look up! Mr. Jaeckel: Hannah, did you hear that? Hannah: Listen... Crazy credits The film is obviously a satire on Adolf Hitler, represented by Adenoid Hynkel, and its story is based on Hynkel looking exactly like "a Jewish barber": both are played by Charles Chaplin. But it begins with a notice: "Any resemblance between Hynkel the dictator and the Jewish barber is purely co-incidental". Alternate versions In Italy, all the scenes that involved Napaloni's wife were cut from the movie to respect Benito Mussolini's widow, Rachele. The complete version wasn't seen until 2002. Connections Edited into Amérique, notre histoire (2006) Soundtracks Hungarian Dance No. 5 (uncredited) Written by Johannes Brahms Played on the radio during the shaving scene User reviews304 Review Top review The "Pre-Mature" Anti-Fascist Released in 1940, "The Great Dictator" was the first Hollywood film that denounced Hitler directly (albeit in the guise of Adenoid Hynkel), took a virulent stand against fascism, and directly addressed Anti-Semitism. Over-long, at times heavy-handed, it still has many wonderful sequences, including the famous dance with the globe, and all the scenes of Chaplin with Jack Oakie, each trying to out-do the other and prove his superiority. One criticism that seems to occasionally rear its head is the implication that Chaplin's pre-World War II anti-fascism was somehow wrong-headed. The atrocities of the Holocaust weren't fully known to the world yet, so Chaplin's anti-Hitler diatribe is, in the minds of some, misguided. After the war this mindset would result in the debacle of the blacklist, when Chaplin, among others, were branded "pre-mature anti-fascists." In other words, it wasn't politically acceptable to be against Nazism until war broke out with the U.S. Hard to believe anyone could still see things that way now, but some do. The film industry of the 1930s wanted no part of international politics, no matter how blatant the brutality of a given regime. Profits were at stake. It was little goyisha Charley Chaplin, playing a Jewish barber, who took a public stand. While "The Great Dictator" may not among Chaplin's finest films, it may, historically, be his finest hour. helpful•149 28 donnola Jun 5, 2002 FAQ8 Is this movie based on a book? What is the name of the country that Hynkel ruled? Which people in real life are the characters supposed to represent? Details Edit Release date March 7, 1941 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Instagram Official Site Languages English Esperanto Also known as 大独裁者 Filming locations Santa Monica Mountains, Los Angeles, California, USA Production company Charles Chaplin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,000,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $969,879 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 5 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news The Real Charlie Chaplin Review: An Ambitious Attempt To Quantify a Legend Nov 17The Film Stage 25 greatest Best Actor nominees who lost the Oscar, ranked [Photos] Nov 12Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Great Dictator (1940) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.