The Twilight Saga: Eclipse (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1325004?ref_=rlm
The Twilight Saga: Eclipse (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Twilight Saga: Eclipse 20102010 PG-13PG-13 2h 4m IMDb RATING 5.0/10 237K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,523 64 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:02 19 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama As a string of mysterious killings grips Seattle, Bella, whose high school graduation is fast approaching, is forced to choose between her love for vampire Edward and her friendship with wer... Read allAs a string of mysterious killings grips Seattle, Bella, whose high school graduation is fast approaching, is forced to choose between her love for vampire Edward and her friendship with werewolf Jacob.As a string of mysterious killings grips Seattle, Bella, whose high school graduation is fast approaching, is forced to choose between her love for vampire Edward and her friendship with werewolf Jacob. IMDb RATING 5.0/10 237K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,523 64 Director David Slade Writers Melissa Rosenberg(screenplay) Stephenie Meyer(novel "Eclipse") Stars Kristen Stewart Robert Pattinson Taylor Lautner Top credits Director David Slade Writers Melissa Rosenberg(screenplay) Stephenie Meyer(novel "Eclipse") Stars Kristen Stewart Robert Pattinson Taylor Lautner See production, box office & company info 498User reviews 294Critic reviews 58Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 22 wins & 34 nominations Videos19 Trailer 1:02 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse - "Legend" Trailer 0:31 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- "Something New" Trailer 0:32 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- "Missing" Trailer 0:32 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- "Event" TV Spot Trailer 1:39 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- Trailer #2 Trailer 1:32 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- Teaser Trailer Trailer 0:11 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- :10 Preview Clip 1:25 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse - "Bedroom" Clip 0:43 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse Featurette 2:05 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse - "Newborn Vampire Army" Featurette 2:05 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse - Newborn Vampire Army Interview 0:34 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse Photos271 Top cast Edit Kristen Stewart Bella Swanas Bella Swan Robert Pattinson Edward Cullenas Edward Cullen Taylor Lautner Jacob Blackas Jacob Black Xavier Samuel Rileyas Riley Billy Burke Charlie Swanas Charlie Swan Justin Chon Ericas Eric Anna Kendrick Jessicaas Jessica Michael Welch Mikeas Mike Christian Serratos Angelaas Angela Jackson Rathbone Jasper Haleas Jasper Hale Ashley Greene Alice Cullenas Alice Cullen Paul Jarrett Mr. Biersas Mr. Biers Iris Quinn Mrs. Biersas Mrs. Biers Sarah Clarke Reneeas Renee Peter Facinelli Dr. Carlisle Cullenas Dr. Carlisle Cullen Elizabeth Reaser Esme Cullenas Esme Cullen Kellan Lutz Emmett Cullenas Emmett Cullen Nikki Reed Rosalie Haleas Rosalie Hale Director David Slade Writers Melissa Rosenberg(screenplay) Stephenie Meyer(novel "Eclipse") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 4.8 The Twilight Saga: New Moon 4.9 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 5.5 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 5.2 Twilight 4.6 Fifty Shades Darker 4.1 Fifty Shades of Grey 4.5 Fifty Shades Freed 7.1 Remember Me 6.1 Snow White and the Huntsman 6.6 Divergent 6.2 Insurgent 6.6 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 Storyline Edit Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob -- knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life. —Summit Entertainment vampirewerewolf2000s2010swolf64 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It all begins ... With a choice Genres Action Adventure Drama Fantasy Romance Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of action and violence, and some sensuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Originally, the scene where Jacob carries Bella to mask her scent, Taylor was to push Kristen on a cart. But it did not look real enough. So Taylor agreed to carry Kristen himself. Only after so many takes, his arms were extremely sore as they filmed the scene all day. Goofs During the scene where the Cullens are watching the news, the woman says "reporting live". She's in Seattle and it's night time there but at the Cullens' house we can see it's day time (through the window). Forks and Seattle are in the same time zone, therefore it should be the same time of the day in both places. Quotes Charlie Swan: [seeing Edward & Jake close to physically fighting each other] Hey, hey, hey... Easy, guys, easy... Let's take it down a notch, all right? What's going on? Jacob Black: [pause] I kissed Bella. [pause] Jacob Black: And she broke her hand. [pause] Jacob Black: Punching my face. [pause] Jacob Black: It was a complete misunderstanding. Connections Featured in Late Show with David Letterman: Nathan Lane/She & Him (2010) Soundtracks Chop and Change Written by Dan Auerbach (as Dan Auerbach) and Patrick J. Carney (as Patrick Carney) Performed by The Black Keys Courtesy of Nonesuch Records By arrangement with Warner Music Group Film & TV Licensing User reviews498 Review Top review Sort of pretentious It was predictable that they would make this movie, but it probably will not go down in horror film history as anything special because it is a fairly run of the mill horror film. It was watchable but not all that interesting to me. I think I have a good open mind for new film experiences but I think this saga is sort of pretentious. Like a copy of the Underworld saga but more easy on the eyes, it doesn't really add anything interesting to the genre of werewolf films or the genre of vampire films. Kind of a ho hum movie to me, oh well, there are other things to watch. One of the problems that I can see with this series is that they have to many young characters in an area that would not be so dominated by young people-as in the area of the occult. There would be visibly older people as much as there would be visibly younger people. Maybe it is like saying 'we were left out by you and now we are leaving you out' type of thing, in terms of the film being a reaction against so little acting work often being given to younger actors in general for serious parts. Maybe. It is sort of like a Peanuts cartoon where adults are portrayed as fuzzy indistinct nuisances. helpful•15 11 alienworlds Jul 11, 2010 FAQ11 What is 'Eclipse' about? Is 'Eclipse' based on a book? Why was the part of Victoria recast? Details Edit Release date June 30, 2010 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Twilight 3 Filming locations Seattle, Washington, USA Production companies Summit Entertainment Temple Hill Entertainment Maverick Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $68,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $300,531,751 Opening weekend US & Canada $64,832,191 Jul 4, 2010 Gross worldwide $698,491,347 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 4 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital DTS SDDS Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Watch Journey Perform an Epic ‘Wheel In The Sky’ at First Show With New Lineup Jul 30Rollingstone.com The Twilight Saga: Best Movie Watch Order Jul 19Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for The Twilight Saga: Eclipse (2010)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.