The Princess Bride (1987) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093779/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_246
The Princess Bride (1987) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Princess Bride 19871987 PGPG 1h 38m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 411K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 199 66 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:36 11 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureFamilyFantasy While homesick in bed, a young boy's grandfather reads him the story of a farmboy-turned-pirate who encounters numerous obstacles, enemies and allies in his quest to be reunited with his tru... Read allWhile homesick in bed, a young boy's grandfather reads him the story of a farmboy-turned-pirate who encounters numerous obstacles, enemies and allies in his quest to be reunited with his true love.While homesick in bed, a young boy's grandfather reads him the story of a farmboy-turned-pirate who encounters numerous obstacles, enemies and allies in his quest to be reunited with his true love. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 411K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 199 66 Director Rob Reiner Writer William Goldman(screenplay by) Stars Cary Elwes Mandy Patinkin Robin Wright Top credits Director Rob Reiner Writer William Goldman(screenplay by) Stars Cary Elwes Mandy Patinkin Robin Wright See production, box office & company info 924User reviews 227Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #246 Nominated for 1 Oscar 7 wins & 10 nominations total Videos11 Trailer 1:36 The Princess Bride: Special Edition Clip 7:01 Essential Guide to the Work of Robin Wright Clip 2:32 Breakout Performances Before They Were 2021 Sundance Stars Clip 2:09 Home Movie: The Princess Bride Clip 2:16 Home Movie: The Princess Bride Clip 1:40 Home Movie: The Princess Bride Video 2:25 The Fart Heard 'Round the World With Cary Elwes Video 2:30 "Patriot" Star Michael Dorman Crushes on 'The Princess Bride' Video 1:44 The Characters of Rob Reiner: Where Are They Now? Video 1:52 Take Five With "GLOW" Star Sydelle Noel Video 2:07 The Watchlist With 'Fifty Shades Freed' Star Arielle Kebbel Photos247 Top cast Edit Cary Elwes Westleyas Westley Mandy Patinkin Iñigo Montoyaas Iñigo Montoya Robin Wright The Princess Brideas The Princess Bride Chris Sarandon Prince Humperdinckas Prince Humperdinck Christopher Guest Count Rugenas Count Rugen Wallace Shawn Vizzinias Vizzini André the Giant Fezzikas Fezzik (as Andre the Giant) Fred Savage The Grandsonas The Grandson Peter Falk The Grandfatheras The Grandfather Peter Cook The Impressive Clergymanas The Impressive Clergyman Mel Smith The Albinoas The Albino Carol Kane Valerieas Valerie Billy Crystal Miracle Maxas Miracle Max Anne Dyson The Queenas The Queen Margery Mason The Ancient Booeras The Ancient Booer Malcolm Storry Yellinas Yellin Willoughby Gray The Kingas The King Betsy Brantley The Motheras The Mother Director Rob Reiner Writer William Goldman(screenplay by) (based upon his book) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.3 Toy Story 8.5 The Lion King 8.6 It's a Wonderful Life 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 7.6 Stardust 8.2 Up 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.4 WALL·E 8.3 Bacheha-Ye aseman 8.1 Inside Out Storyline Edit An elderly man reads the book "The Princess Bride" to his sick and thus currently bedridden adolescent grandson, the reading of the book which has been passed down within the family for generations. The grandson is sure he won't like the story, with a romance at its core, he prefers something with lots of action and "no kissing", but he lets grandfather continue, because he doesn't want to hurt his feelings. The story centers on Buttercup, a former farm girl who has been chosen as the princess bride to Prince Humperdinck of Florian. Buttercup does not love him, she who still laments the death of her one true love, Westley, five years ago. Westley was a hired hand on the farm, his stock answer of "as you wish" to any request she made of him which she came to understand was his way of saying that he loved her. But Westley went away to sea, only to be killed by the Dread Pirate Roberts. On a horse ride to clear her mind of her upcoming predicament of marriage, Buttercup is kidnapped by a band of bandits: Vizzini who works on his wits, and his two associates, a giant named Fezzik who works on his brawn, and a Spaniard named Inigo Montoya, who has trained himself his entire life to be an expert swordsman. They in turn are chased by the Dread Pirate Roberts himself. But chasing them all is the Prince, and his men led by Count Tyrone Rugen. What happens to these collectives is dependent partly on Buttercup, who does not want to marry the Prince, and may see other options as lesser evils, and partly on the other motives of individuals within the groups. But a larger question is what the grandson will think of the story as it proceeds and at its end, especially as he sees justice as high a priority as action. —Huggo true loveprincessfairy talegiantpirate328 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The story of a man and a woman who lived happily ever after. Even though the courtship almost killed them. Genres Adventure Family Fantasy Romance Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When asked what his favorite thing about making this film was, André the Giant replied, without skipping a beat, "Nobody looks at me." He felt treated as an equal, without people staring at him because of his grand size. Goofs Vizzini mentions Australia's convict colonies during the movie. This may seem anachronistic since the movie has a medieval setting, but this story is fantasy not history. In fact, its being told as a fairy tale from a grandfather to his grandson. In the novel, this was just one of many (intentionally contradictory) clues about when the story takes place. Quotes Buttercup: We'll never survive. Westley: Nonsense. You're only saying that because no one ever has. Crazy credits Buttercup is referred to on-screen by name, but is only credited as "The Princess Bride." Alternate versions Current AMC broadcasts in the US use the sped-up 25 fps PAL video from a 24 fps film source. Connections Edited into Yoostar 2: In the Movies (2011) Soundtracks Take Me Out to the Ballgame Featured in the Commodore port of "Hardball" Music by Albert von Tilzer Lyrics by Jack Norworth (credit only) Arranged by Ed Bogas (uncredited) Published by Broadway Music Corporation - Francis, Day & Hunter, Ltd. [Heard on the TV at the start of the opening scene] User reviews924 Review Top review 10/10 Possibly one of the most enjoyable films ever made... "As you wish..." "Inconceivable!" "My name is Inigo Montoya..." I love this film so much. From its opening scenes of the young boy being read a story by his kindly Grandfather to the romance, action, adventure and fun of the fairy tale. The Princess bride tells the tale of the beautiful Buttercup (Robin Wright) and her true love Westley (Elwes)who become separated through the course of an unfortunate event involving some pirates. Westley's destiny is to rescue Buttercup from the clutches of an evil Prince so that they might be together again. Yet he's not bargained on some of the wonderful characters that he will meet (and befriend) along the way... This film is so deliciously acted, made and written that it is a treat to watch.I've lost count of how many times I've seen it now. But every time I still gain the same enormous amount of pleasure from watching it. A movie that is a delight for the young and just as much fun for everyone else. The actors are all superb in their roles ('perfect casting' does not come close to describing it!) A young Cary Elwes is suitably dashing as our cocky hero (check out the sword fighting!)and Robin Wright is good as the beautiful Buttercup. Mandy Patinkin is great as the vengeful Inigo Montoya who utters that famous "you killed my father. prepare to die" line. Everyone else gives there all, including Christoper Guest, Chris Sarandon (as the main villian), Wallace Shawn, the late Andre The Giant,Mel Smith, and Billy Crystal. Even though it is about 18 years old, the humour and sly jokes are still as sharp today as they were back in 1987.You know you are watching a great movie when you here Elwes' "To the pain..." speech near the end. You've probably seen The Princess Bride. If so...go and watch it again. Right now, and remind yourself how good it is! And if you haven't- what are you waiting for? Go and check it out now! It's worth it! Hands up who can quote this entire film off by heart! ;) Watch out for: The R.O.U.S's Elwes' and Patinkin's Sword/word fight The Miracle Max scene When our heroes storm the castle (Go Inigo! Go Inigo!) Elwes' "To the pain..." speech. (Superb. Shows what a great (and unfortunately underused) actor he is) helpful•164 48 Sagitta86 Mar 2, 2004 FAQ8 What is 'The Princess Bride' about? Is this movie based on a book? Why did Vizzini kidnap Buttercup? Details Edit Release date October 9, 1987 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 公主新娘 Filming locations Cliffs of Moher, County Clare, Ireland Production companies Act III Communications Buttercup Films Ltd. The Princess Bride Ltd. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $16,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $30,857,814 Opening weekend US & Canada $206,243 Sep 27, 1987 Gross worldwide $30,902,442 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Wisconsin Democrats Tap Comics For 2022 Midterm Fundraiser Nov 5Deadline Film + TV Stephen Chbosky Sep 21Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Princess Bride (1987) in Spain?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.