The Bourne Legacy (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1194173/?ref_=ttls_li_i
The Bourne Legacy (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Bourne Legacy 20122012 PG-13PG-13 2h 15m IMDb RATING 6.6/10 293K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,574 426 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:41 18 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureThriller An expansion of the universe from Robert Ludlum's novels, centered on a new hero whose stakes have been triggered by the events of the previous three films.An expansion of the universe from Robert Ludlum's novels, centered on a new hero whose stakes have been triggered by the events of the previous three films.An expansion of the universe from Robert Ludlum's novels, centered on a new hero whose stakes have been triggered by the events of the previous three films. IMDb RATING 6.6/10 293K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,574 426 Director Tony Gilroy Writers Tony Gilroy(screenplay) Dan Gilroy(screenplay) Robert Ludlum(inspired by "The Bourne Series" created by) Stars Jeremy Renner Rachel Weisz Edward Norton Top credits Director Tony Gilroy Writers Tony Gilroy(screenplay) Dan Gilroy(screenplay) Robert Ludlum(inspired by "The Bourne Series" created by) Stars Jeremy Renner Rachel Weisz Edward Norton See production, box office & company info 605User reviews 458Critic reviews 61Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 11 nominations Videos18 Trailer 2:41 No. 2 Trailer 1:56 No. 1 Clip 1:22 "Aaron rescues Marta from the local police" Clip 0:50 "Aaron escapes to the basement" Clip 0:45 "Byer explains what a 'Sin Eater' is." Clip 0:52 "Aaron finds out that Marta doesn't know his real name" Clip 1:14 "Aaron and Marta are chased through Manila" Featurette 1:26 "On The Set: Shooting In Manila" Featurette 1:41 Rachel Weisz as Marta Featurette 1:33 Edward Norton as Byer Featurette 1:26 "On the Set" Mountain Lake Opening" Promo 0:30 Rogue Photos156 Top cast Edit Jeremy Renner Aaron Crossas Aaron Cross Rachel Weisz Dr. Marta Shearingas Dr. Marta Shearing Edward Norton Col Eric Byer, USAF, Ret.as Col Eric Byer, USAF, Ret. Scott Glenn Ezra Krameras Ezra Kramer Stacy Keach Adm Mark Turso USN Ret.as Adm Mark Turso USN Ret. Donna Murphy Dita Mandyas Dita Mandy Michael Chernus Arthur Ingramas Arthur Ingram Corey Stoll Zev Vendelas Zev Vendel Alice Gainer Lean Forward MSNBC Anchoras Lean Forward MSNBC Anchor Prue Lewarne CNN Reporteras CNN Reporter Howard Leader MSNBC Man Analystas MSNBC Man Analyst James Joseph O'Neil Sterisyn-Morlanta Gatemanas Sterisyn-Morlanta Gateman Tony Guida Dr. Benezaraas Dr. Benezara Sonnie Brown Dr. Lieberburgas Dr. Lieberburg Neil Brooks Cunningham Dr. Dan Hillcottas Dr. Dan Hillcott Zeljko Ivanek Dr. Donald Foiteas Dr. Donald Foite Robert Christopher Riley Outcome #6as Outcome #6 (as Rob Riley) Noel Wilson Neuro Luncheon MCas Neuro Luncheon MC Director Tony Gilroy Writers Tony Gilroy(screenplay) (story) Dan Gilroy(screenplay) Robert Ludlum(inspired by "The Bourne Series" created by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 The Bourne Supremacy 8.0 The Bourne Ultimatum 6.6 Jason Bourne 7.9 The Bourne Identity 7.4 Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol 7.4 Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation 6.9 Mission: Impossible III Untitled Jeremy Renner/Bourne Sequel 6.1 Mission: Impossible II 7.1 Mission: Impossible 6.9 Ocean's Thirteen 6.5 Ocean's Twelve Storyline Edit When a British reporter was writing an expose about Black Ops operations Treadstone and Black Briar, and the ones responsible for them are concerned. And when Jason Bourne, former Treadstone operative got the file on Treadstone and Black Briar and gave it to Pamela Landy who then passed it to the media. When the men behind Treadstone and Black Briar learn of this, they're concerned how this will affect other ops they have. They decide it's best to shut down all ops and make sure make everyone involved disappears. They try to take out Aaron Cross who is part of another op called Outcome, but he manages to survive. He then seeks out Dr. Marta Shearing who worked on him when he began. It seems part of the program is for all subjects to take medications but he has run out, which is why he seeks her. But someone tries to kill her. He saves her and she tells him, he should have stopped taking the medications long ago. They go to Manila so that she can help him. Later the men behind Outcome learn that Cross and Shearing are still alive. They try to get them. —rcs0411@yahoo.com wolfdronepillassassinriding a motorcycle up stairs492 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines There Was Never Just One Genres Action Adventure Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for violence and action sequences Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia At one point, Aaron uses the flash component of a disposable camera to send an electric surge through a spot on the "Jane Munroe" passport that he has modified with Marta's photo. This is because, beginning in August of 2007, all U.S. passports contain a paper-thin chip that has all of the personal information that is printed on the passport plus a digital version of the passport photograph. The electrical charge made the digital component of the passport unreadable. Goofs Byer says that he found the video of the Treadstone/Outcome bosses at a party on "YouTube." The Bourne Legacy takes place concurrently with The Bourne Ultimatum (2007), which based on date references in the previous films is set no later than February 2005. The first video was not uploaded to YouTube until April of that year. Quotes Drone Spec: What kind of weapon system is this guy operating? Dita Mandy: He's probably got a rifle. [Drone operators exchange incredulous glances] Byer: It's a high-powered rifle. Connections Edited from The Bourne Ultimatum (2007) Soundtracks Kongkkakji Written by Bi-ryong Choi (as Bi Ryong Choi), Jun-ho Choi (as Jun Ho Choi) Performed by Yoon-jeong Jang (as Yoon Jeong Jang) Courtesy of Inwoo Production User reviews605 Review Top review A Deeper Look At The Bourne Universe And That's A Good Thing! As a fan of the Bourne franchise, I enjoyed this deeper look in to that universe. The movie really does feel like one giant glorified DVD extra for that trilogy and I mean that in a good way. Deeper layers are revealed and the intrigue is as good as what we've seen before even though the character motivation isn't as strong across the board. Renner is fabulous as the second generation super spy. My only real complaint about this installment (because it does feel like they are blatantly building for three more films) is that the resolution has no real teeth. Still, it's a very good effort from a very good cast with hints and touches to the Bourne films of the past. Overall, a thumbs up and a very enjoyable time at the cinema. helpful•6 3 DUKEJBM Aug 10, 2012 FAQ6 What is 'The Bourne Legacy' about? Is 'The Bourne Legacy' based on a book? Is this movie a sequel or a prequel? Details Edit Release date October 25, 2012 (China) Countries of origin United States Japan Official sites Official site Official site (Japan) Languages English Russian Filipino Ukrainian Also known as 谍影重重4 Filming locations El Nido, Palawan, Philippines Production companies Universal Pictures Relativity Media The Kennedy/Marshall Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $125,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $113,203,870 Opening weekend US & Canada $38,142,825 Aug 12, 2012 Gross worldwide $276,144,750 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 15 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek New on HBO Max in November 2021 Oct 25Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.