The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167261/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_14
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 20022002 PG-13PG-13 2h 59m IMDb RATING 8.7/10 1.6M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 429 176 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:02 4 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama While Frodo and Sam edge closer to Mordor with the help of the shifty Gollum, the divided fellowship makes a stand against Sauron's new ally, Saruman, and his hordes of Isengard.While Frodo and Sam edge closer to Mordor with the help of the shifty Gollum, the divided fellowship makes a stand against Sauron's new ally, Saruman, and his hordes of Isengard.While Frodo and Sam edge closer to Mordor with the help of the shifty Gollum, the divided fellowship makes a stand against Sauron's new ally, Saruman, and his hordes of Isengard. IMDb RATING 8.7/10 1.6M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 429 176 Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Two Towers") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) Stars Elijah Wood Ian McKellen Viggo Mortensen Top credits Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Two Towers") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) Stars Elijah Wood Ian McKellen Viggo Mortensen See production, box office & company info 2.6KUser reviews 327Critic reviews 87Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #14 Won 2 Oscars 126 wins & 138 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 2:02 The Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu-ray Clip 3:01 Does Andy Serkis Know How Many Times He's Played Gollum? Clip 1:33 A Guide to the Films of Peter Jackson Video 3:08 Who Else Almost Starred In The Lord of the Rings? Photos602 Top cast Edit Elijah Wood Frodoas Frodo Ian McKellen Gandalfas Gandalf Viggo Mortensen Aragornas Aragorn Orlando Bloom Legolasas Legolas Bruce Allpress Aldoras Aldor Sean Astin Samas Sam John Bach Madrilas Madril Sala Baker Man Flesh Urukas Man Flesh Uruk Cate Blanchett Galadrielas Galadriel Billy Boyd Pippinas Pippin Jed Brophy Sharkuas Sharku… Sam Comery Eothainas Eothain Brad Dourif Wormtongueas Wormtongue Calum Gittins Halethas Haleth Bernard Hill Theodenas Theoden Bruce Hopkins Gamlingas Gamling Paris Howe Strewe Theodredas Theodred Christopher Lee Sarumanas Saruman Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Two Towers") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Could Jake Gyllenhaal Save Middle-earth? Could Jake Gyllenhaal Save Middle-earth? It's been 15 years since the Lord of the Rings trilogy ended, but we still can't get enough. Let's look at the stars who missed out on adventures in Middle-earth.Find out 3:08 More like this 8.9 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.8 The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.7 The Matrix 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.6 Star Wars 8.8 Inception 8.5 Gladiator 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 9.0 The Dark Knight 7.8 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey Storyline Edit The continuing quest of Frodo and the Fellowship to destroy the One Ring. Frodo and Sam discover they are being followed by the mysterious Gollum. Aragorn, the Elf archer Legolas, and Gimli the Dwarf encounter the besieged Rohan kingdom, whose once great King Theoden has fallen under Saruman's deadly spell. —Jwelch5742 middle earthhobbitepicwizardmission262 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A New Power Is Rising. Genres Action Adventure Drama Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) PG-13 Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia They couldn't recruit enough men in the six foot height area to play Uruk-hai, so men from five foot high were cast as well. They were affectionately nicknamed the Uruk-Low. Goofs In their very first scene when Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli are seen running on top of a mountain, you can see Gimli's boot/shoe fall off. Quotes Frodo: I can't do this, Sam. Sam: I know. It's all wrong. By rights we shouldn't even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger, they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going. Because they were holding on to something. Frodo: What are we holding onto, Sam? Sam: That there's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo... and it's worth fighting for. Crazy credits "Cute Rohan Refugee Children . . . . . . . . Billy Jackson and Katie Jackson" (Peter Jackson's son and daughter) Alternate versions In the US theatrical and DVD releases (both versions), the New Line Cinema logo at the beginning says "An AOL Time Warner Company" underneath it. For the US Blu Ray release (both versions), the logo has been changed to simply say "A TimeWarner Company" underneath it. Connections Edited into J.R.R. Tolkien: Origins of Middle-Earth (2003) Soundtracks Gollum's Song Performed by Emiliana Torrini Courtesy of Virgin Records America, Inc. Music by Howard Shore Lyrics by Fran Walsh User reviews2.6K Review Top review 10/10 The final hour of The Two Towers is grand, terrifying, and epic on a biblical level. The opening scene of The Two Towers provides an outstanding, yet very brief, taste of action, cinematography, and special effects, only to be matched (and far surpassed) in the final hour of the film. The stunning events of the third hour of The Two Towers are undoubtedly the centerpiece of the film, and while the first two hours serve finely as story development, they primarily build anticipation for the final hour, which mostly depicts the battle of Helm's Deep. More than anything else, the first two hours merely tease and torment the patient audience. It's a shame that such a gap has to exist between the first minute and the final hour, but I take no reservations in saying that despite how you feel about the first two hours of the film, the final hour will make the wait entirely worth its while. As stated, the road to the battle of Helm's Deep can be enormously long and painful for any viewer aware of what breathtaking scenes await towards the end of the film. Perhaps The Two Towers' biggest fault is in its own accomplishments; the first two thirds of the film are well shot, well paced, and they necessarily and adequately progress the storyline, but when compared to the spectacular final hour, the first two hours seem uneventful and insignificant. However, to be fair, I feel that it's simply impossible to create two hours of film that could appropriately lead into the battle of Helm's Deep. It's difficult to comprehend how such scenes came to exist in the rather short amount of time Peter Jackson has had to create six hours (so far) of finished film. The battle of Helm's Deep is simply unreal; it's unlike any event that has come to pass since fantasy films gained, and regained, popularity. As assumed, The Two Towers begins where The Fellowship of the Ring ended. The majority of the film follows four separate groups and their story lines: Frodo and Sam; Aragorn and Legolas, Merry and Pippin, and Saruman and his army. The performances live well up to the standards of the first film, with a particularly notable performance from Viggo Mortensen as Aragorn, whose role is significantly larger in The Two Towers. Aragorn satisfies a thirst for someone to root for, a thirst that was left partly unquenched in Fellowship. It's much easier to root for Aragorn than it is for Frodo; Aragorn has many more qualities of a leading man, a soldier, and a hero. More than once did the audience, filled mostly with academy voters, applaud the heroics of Aragorn. Gollum also shines in a much-welcomed large role, due to extremely realistic computer animation, and a fine performance from Andy Serkis, upon which the animation was modeled. In Fellowship, it was appropriate to consider Gollum one of the many great 'features' of the film. However, here he is more of a leading character and a 'star,' and his convincing dual-personality, stabbing voice, and well-choreographed body movements make him consistently eye-grabbing and the center of focus of nearly every scene in which he appears. As was The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers is a visual delight. Those who have seen Fellowship are no doubt familiar with the beauty of the landscapes of New Zealand. The cinematography is, again, one of the best aspects of the film. The swooshing camera movements that follow the armies and horsemen throughout the fields are extremely satisfying in this post-Matrix era. The shots of the ascending enemy-laden ladders in the battle of Helm's Deep are terrifying and chillingly gorgeous all at once. The visual effects take an appropriate leap forward from those of the first film. While the visual effects in Fellowship were outstanding, the battle of Helm's Deep provides for the best application of CGI since the rippling waves of The Matrix's 'Bullet Time.' The battle of Helm's Deep features absolutely awe-inspiring and seamless integration of acting, stunts, and computer animation. Each orc seems to have its own personality, demonstrated in its movements and visual features. The masses of armies fight with strategy and true character, which I imagine is much harder to accomplish than animating thousands of identical clone troopers. The only problem I have with the visual department is the look of Gimli, the Treebeard. Gimli's visual features seem a bit childish and uninspired, inconsistent with the standards set by the rest of the film. But again, there is simply nothing that compares to the battle of Helm's Deep. George Lucas and the Wachowski brothers certainly have not created anything that approaches the grandness and magnificence of The Two Towers' final hour, and I doubt they will do so anytime soon. In The Fellowship of the Ring, I had a few minor problems with Howard Shore's score. While I thought it was gorgeous and it established several very memorable themes, I don't think it handled the sentimental scenes (opening in the Shire, Gandalf's passing) properly. I thought it caved in to the melodrama a bit too much, resembling the emotions from James Horner's Titanic. However, I believe that The Two Towers requires the type of score which Howard Shore accomplishes best: dark, continuous, and unrelenting, as demonstrated in Se7en and Silence of the Lambs. The theme used in many of the action scenes in Fellowship (low brass, six notes repeated with a rest in between) is much more present in The Two Towers, appropriately. A brand new theme is also unveiled, the theme for Rohan, a prominent kingdom in Middle Earth. Rohan's theme is played more often than any other melody in the film, underscoring most of the memorable and heroic scenes with great effect. Howard Shore undeniably exhibits his skills as an 'A-list' composer, and with a possible double Oscar nomination this year for The Two Towers and Gangs of New York, he could get propelled to the very top of the 'A-list,' right beside John Williams and Hans Zimmer in terms of demand. If not the picture itself, there should be a way to recognize and award the battle of Helm's Deep. The battle sequence alone represents successful filmmaking in its highest form. The choreography of the battle, the visual effects, the pacing, acting, cinematography, and music, all work together in perfection to achieve grand filmmaking which is as entertaining and enjoyable as film can be. For this very reason, no one, whether a fan of Fellowship or not, should miss The Two Towers. helpful•276 63 justinrsko Dec 8, 2002 FAQ18 Is this movie based on a book? To what does "Two Towers" in the title refer? What's the music heard in the last half of the trailer? Details Edit Release date April 26, 2003 (China) Countries of origin New Zealand United States Official sites Centrumfilmow New Line Cinema Languages English Sindarin Old English Also known as 指环王：双塔奇兵 Filming locations Hinuera Valley, Matamata, Waikato, New Zealand Production companies New Line Cinema WingNut Films The Saul Zaentz Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $94,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $342,551,365 Opening weekend US & Canada $62,007,528 Dec 22, 2002 Gross worldwide $947,495,095 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS-ES Dolby Digital EX SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news New on Blu-ray and DVD! Oct 25QuietEarth.us As It Prepares To Strike, IATSE Warns: “If The Studios Want A Fight, They Poked The Wrong Bear” Oct 14Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002) officially released in Japan in Japanese?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.