The Hangover (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1119646?ref_=rlm
The Hangover (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Hangover 20092009 RR 1h 40m IMDb RATING 7.7/10 748K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 318 174 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:07 18 Videos 99+ Photos Comedy Three buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend bef... Read allThree buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend before his wedding.Three buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend before his wedding. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 748K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 318 174 Director Todd Phillips Writers Jon Lucas Scott Moore Stars Zach Galifianakis Bradley Cooper Justin Bartha Top credits Director Todd Phillips Writers Jon Lucas Scott Moore Stars Zach Galifianakis Bradley Cooper Justin Bartha See production, box office & company info 781User reviews 350Critic reviews 73Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 13 wins & 25 nominations total Videos18 Music Video 1:33 Mike Tyson's Music Video from The Hangover Trailer 1:07 The Hangover Clip 3:58 What's the Joke That 'Joker' Says We Wouldn't Get? Clip 1:43 A Guide to the Films of Todd Phillips Clip 1:02 The Hangover Clip 0:46 The Hangover Clip 0:50 The Hangover Clip 0:54 The Hangover Clip 0:50 The Hangover Clip 1:12 The Hangover Clip 1:01 The Hangover Clip 0:51 The Hangover Photos148 Top cast Edit Zach Galifianakis Alanas Alan Bradley Cooper Philas Phil Justin Bartha Dougas Doug Ed Helms Stuas Stu Heather Graham Jadeas Jade Sasha Barrese Tracyas Tracy Jeffrey Tambor Sidas Sid Ken Jeong Mr. Chowas Mr. Chow Rachael Harris Melissaas Melissa Mike Tyson Mike Tysonas Mike Tyson Mike Epps Black Dougas Black Doug Jernard Burks Leonardas Leonard Rob Riggle Officer Franklinas Officer Franklin Cleo King Officer Gardenas Officer Garden Bryan Callen Eddieas Eddie Matt Walsh Dr. Valshas Dr. Valsh Ian Anthony Dale Chow's #1as Chow's #1 Michael Li Chow's #2as Chow's #2 Director Todd Phillips Writers Jon Lucas Scott Moore All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.5 The Hangover Part II 5.8 The Hangover Part III 6.9 Ted 7.6 Superbad 7.2 21 Jump Street 7.0 22 Jump Street 6.5 Due Date 7.0 We're the Millers 7.1 The 40 Year Old Virgin 6.3 Neighbors 6.8 Horrible Bosses 6.9 Pineapple Express Storyline Edit Angelenos Doug Billings and Tracy Garner are about to get married. Two days before the wedding, the four men in the wedding party - Doug, Doug's two best buddies Phil Wenneck and Stu Price, and Tracy's brother Alan Garner - hop into Tracy's father's beloved Mercedes convertible for a 24-hour stag party to Las Vegas. Phil, a married high school teacher, has the same maturity level as his students when he's with his pals. Stu, a dentist, is worried about everything, especially what his controlling girlfriend Melissa thinks. Because she disapproves of traditional male bonding rituals, Stu has to lie to her about the stag, he telling her that they are going on a wine tasting tour in the Napa Valley. Regardless, he intends on eventually marrying her, against the advice and wishes of his friends. And Alan seems to be unaware of what are considered the social graces of the western world. The morning after their arrival in Las Vegas, they awaken in their hotel suite each with the worst hangover. None remembers what happened in the past twelve or so hours. The suite is in shambles. And certain things are in the suite that shouldn't be, and certain things that should be in the suite are missing. Probably the most important in the latter category is Doug. As Phil, Stu and Alan try to find Doug using only what little pieces of information they have at hand, they go on a journey of discovery of how certain things got into the suite and what happened to the missing items. However they are on a race for time as if they can't find Doug in the next few hours, they are going to have to explain to Tracy why they are not yet back in Los Angeles. And even worse, they may not find Doug at all before the wedding. —Huggo hangoverfemale nuditybachelor partyimplied cunnilingusfellatio352 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Some guys just can't handle Vegas Genre Comedy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for pervasive language, sexual content including nudity, and some drug material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia No effects or prosthetics were created for Stu's missing tooth. Ed Helms never had an adult incisor grow, and his fake incisor was taken out for the parts of filming where Stu's tooth is missing. Goofs The formal name for "roofies" is given as "Ruphylin". The drug is really a trademark brand named Rohypnol, but was changed for the movie because the makers did not want to be associated with the depicted criminal activities. Quotes Stu Price: She's got my grandmother's Holocaust ring! Alan Garner: I didn't know they gave out rings at the Holocaust. Crazy credits First part of the end credits feature a collage of photos showing what happened that night. Alternate versions In the UK, on the advice of the BBFC, the photographs of an elderly woman performing oral sex on Alan were blurred in order to reduce the rating from a "18" to a "15". This version was also released on DVD. Connections Edited into Yoostar 2: In the Movies (2011) Soundtracks It's Now or Never Written by Aaron Schröder (as Aaron Schroeder), Wally Gold, Eduardo Di Capua (as Eduardo DiCapua), Giovanni Capurro and Alfredo Mazzucchi (as Alfredo Mazzuchi) Performed by Robert 'El Vez' López (as El Vez) Courtesy of Graciasland Records User reviews781 Review Top review 8/10 Very Funny movie especially for male audience Humorous movie in every aspect. I watched the movie at a preview screening at UBC, so the audience were all college students. Everyone I talked to so far had loved this movie. The tale of how three friends tries to find the lost groom before his wedding after their crazy night in Las Vegas. The movie gets funny from the Las Vegas part right till the end. There is hilarious stuff in every other scene. Not to be missed, one of the best comedy of 2009. The entrance of Chinese goon is Hilarious, will have you in splits. They have touched on all types of jokes especially the minor mention of the different sex (gay, interracial, beastiality) The only movie that I can think of that is relatively similar is Harold & Kumar. I recommend everyone to watch it (not for kids), you wont regret it. helpful•47 47 salahuddin125 May 30, 2009 FAQ7 Is "The Hangover" based on a book? What movie was Alan referring to? Where did the chicken come from? Details Edit Release date June 5, 2009 (United States) Countries of origin United States Germany Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 宿醉 Filming locations Caesars Palace - 3570 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, Nevada, USA Production companies Warner Bros. Legendary Entertainment Green Hat Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $35,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $277,322,503 Opening weekend US & Canada $44,979,319 Jun 7, 2009 Gross worldwide $469,310,836 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 40 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Pablo Larraín Nov 2Trailers from Hell Bradley Cooper Launches Production Label; Sets ‘Hyperion’ At Warner Bros With Graham King Nov 1Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.