The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1872181/
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Amazing Spider-Man 2 20142014 PG-13PG-13 2h 22m IMDb RATING 6.5/10 440K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 458 316 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:37 39 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy When New York is put under siege by Oscorp, it is up to Spider-Man to save the city he swore to protect as well as his loved ones.When New York is put under siege by Oscorp, it is up to Spider-Man to save the city he swore to protect as well as his loved ones.When New York is put under siege by Oscorp, it is up to Spider-Man to save the city he swore to protect as well as his loved ones. IMDb RATING 6.5/10 440K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 458 316 Director Marc Webb Writers Alex Kurtzman(screenplay) Roberto Orci(screenplay) Jeff Pinkner(screenplay) Stars Andrew Garfield Emma Stone Jamie Foxx Top credits Director Marc Webb Writers Alex Kurtzman(screenplay) Roberto Orci(screenplay) Jeff Pinkner(screenplay) Stars Andrew Garfield Emma Stone Jamie Foxx See production, box office & company info 1.2KUser reviews 540Critic reviews 53Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 4 wins & 30 nominations Videos39 Trailer 2:37 Theatrical Trailer Trailer 2:30 Trailer #1 Trailer 0:39 Teaser Trailer Trailer 2:39 The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Final Trailer Clip 3:34 Everything We Know About 'Spider-Man: No Way Home' Clip 1:04 Clip Clip 0:59 Clip Clip 1:05 Clip Clip 0:54 Clip Clip 1:02 Clip Clip 1:00 "Times Square Sniper" Interview 3:00 Interview Photos274 Top cast Edit Andrew Garfield Spider-Manas Spider-Man… Emma Stone Gwen Stacyas Gwen Stacy Jamie Foxx Electroas Electro… Paul Giamatti Aleksei Sytsevichas Aleksei Sytsevich Dane DeHaan Green Goblinas Green Goblin… Colm Feore Donald Menkenas Donald Menken Felicity Jones Feliciaas Felicia Sally Field Aunt Mayas Aunt May Embeth Davidtz Mary Parkeras Mary Parker Campbell Scott Richard Parkeras Richard Parker Marton Csokas Dr. Ashley Kafkaas Dr. Ashley Kafka Louis Cancelmi Man in Black Suitas Man in Black Suit Max Charles Young Peter Parkeras Young Peter Parker B.J. Novak Alistair Smytheas Alistair Smythe Sarah Gadon Karias Kari Michael Massee Gustav Fiers (The Gentleman)as Gustav Fiers (The Gentleman) Jorge Vega Jorgeas Jorge Bill Heck G-5 Co-Pilotas G-5 Co-Pilot Director Marc Webb Writers Alex Kurtzman(screenplay) (screen story) Roberto Orci(screenplay) (screen story) Jeff Pinkner(screenplay) (screen story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Which Actors Almost Played Spider-Man? Which Actors Almost Played Spider-Man? Spider-Man has been one of the biggest superhero franchises to hit the big screen in the past two decades. Who was almost cast in the three different iterations of the superhero tale?Find out who 4:31 More like this 6.9 The Amazing Spider-Man 6.2 Spider-Man 3 7.3 Spider-Man 2 7.3 Spider-Man 7.4 Spider-Man: Homecoming 7.4 Spider-Man: Far from Home 7.0 Iron Man 2 7.1 Iron Man Three 6.6 The Incredible Hulk 7.9 Iron Man 7.0 Thor 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier Storyline Edit We've always known that Spider-Man's most important conflict has been within himself: the struggle between the ordinary obligations of Peter Parker and the extraordinary responsibilities of Spider-Man. But in The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Peter Parker finds that his greatest battle is about to begin. It's great to be Spider-Man. For Peter Parker, there's no feeling quite like swinging between skyscrapers, embracing being the hero, and spending time with Gwen. But being Spider-Man comes at a price: only Spider-Man can protect his fellow New Yorkers from the formidable villains that threaten the city. With the emergence of Electro, Peter must confront a foe far more powerful than he. And as his old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, Peter comes to realize that all of his enemies have one thing in common: Oscorp. —Sony Pictures Entertainment secret identityreturning character killed offdeath of girlfriendcostumed herosuperhero325 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines No more secrets. Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of sci-fi action/violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The humorously hateful news boss J. Jonah Jameson, one of the most iconic characters in Spider-Man's mythos, was never mentioned in The Amazing Spider-Man (2012). In this sequel he is spoken of frequently but never appears. The producers claimed they could not find an actor to measure up to J.K. Simmons' legendary portrayal of this character in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man films. Stan Lee, the writer who came up with the idea for these characters and makes cameo appearances in all the films, has often said he would volunteer to play Jameson if he (Lee) were 30 or 40 years younger. Ironically, when casting Spider-Man: Far from Home (2019), they could still think of no one better than Simmons, so he resumed his role as Jameson. Goofs (at around 41 mins) When Harry Osborn and Peter Parker are walking though the park, the camera crew and boom are reflected in Harry's mirrored sunglasses. Quotes Aunt May: What happened to your face? It's filthy. Peter Parker: It is? Aunt May: Yes! Peter Parker: Oh, yeah, yeah, I was cleaning the chimney. Aunt May: We have no chimney. Peter Parker: Whaaat? Crazy credits During the end credits, several schematics can be seen of the Rhino suit, the Green Goblin glider, the metallic Vulture wings, the mechanical Doctor Octopus tentacles, and other obscure weapons. Alternate versions The German theatrical version plays the German song "Ohne zurück zu sehen" by Tim Bendzko over the end credits. Connections Featured in Film '72: Episode dated 5 March 2014 (2014) Soundtracks Theme From Spider-Man Written by Bob Harris (as J. Robert Harris) and Paul Francis Webster User reviews1.2K Review Top review 7/10 "Let's go catch a spider." "Let's go catch a spider." Marc Webb's first feature film, 500 Days of Summer, was a successful small indie romantic film with a lot of heart. He went from that to the huge production of the Spider-Man franchise which I thought didn't necessarily need a reboot so soon. However the film did work thanks to Andrew Garfield's portrayal of Peter Parker. His natural charisma and confidence translated really well to the character and his sense of humor makes him the perfect candidate to play Spier-Man. I began my review by mentioning that Webb directed 500 Days of Summer because for me the heart and soul of this film is the love story between Gwen and Peter. I can't think of any other superhero film with such a great love story and believable chemistry than this one. Garfield and Emma Stone are incredible together and I loved their scenes. Webb knows a thing or two about young romance and it is the film's strongest asset. The sequel is entertaining and has some great action scenes, but I could've watched this film for the romance alone. The flaws are actually the villains in this film. They don't crowd the film like the trailers led me to believe, but they really don't seem to menacing until we reach the final third act. For a film that runs at 140 minutes it went by really quick and that is always a good sign. Spider-Man 2 might not be as good as this year's Captain America, but it does have its solid moments and clever one-liners. At times the CGI took me out of the film as it looked more like a video game, but there were some interesting shots as we got to follow Spider-Man swing across the New York City landscape. The film works better as a romantic comedy than an actual superhero movie but that was fine with me because it was a really good one. It makes most other recent rom-coms look ridiculous and unbelievable. After a short flashback where we see what happened with Peter's parents, the camera follows Spider-Man (Andrew Garfield) swinging across NYC as he tries to stop a Russian mob criminal, Aleksei Sytsevich (Paul Giamatti), who has stolen something from OsCorp. In the midst of all the action he receives a call from his girlfriend, Gwen (Emma Stone), who is reminding him that he's going to be late for their graduation. Somehow Spider-Man manages to take care of business and arrives in the nick of time to receive his degree as Peter Parker. His Aunt May (Sally Field) is the only family he has left, but she's there for him like she's always been. Peter however has been having visions of Gwen's father reminding him of the promise he made to not date his daughter in order to keep her out of danger. Apparently it has been a conflict they've dealt with over the last few months and Gwen decides it's time for the two to break up. Gwen continues to work at OsCorp which is now managed by Norman's son, Harry (Dane DeHaan), after his passing. Harry seems to suffer from the same degenerative disease of his father and wants to continue researching for a cure in OsCorp. Peter is glad to see his childhood friend back, but when he realizes what he's up to things get complicated. When an employee from OsCorp suffers a freak accident he becomes Electro (Jamie Foxx), a dangerous foe for Spider-Man and the city. The Amazing Spider-Man has some flaws but it still entertains thanks to the great chemistry between Stone and Garfield. They are perfect together. DeHaan is also great as Harry and he does look like a believable threat for Spider-Man. I had a problem with Foxx's clumsy performance as Max but once he becomes Electro he does look menacing. I didn't care too much about the villains or the action set pieces despite the fact that they were well crafted. The inner struggles that Peter Parker faces with his family drama and relationship with Gwen is at the heart of this film. The final act is more than just a gigantic action face-off, there is actually a lot of emotional elements at stake and that is what lifted this movie as it finished on a high note. There was a very emotional scene scene near the end of the film that left the entire theater in silence. The best thing about this sequel is that it was much more emotionally involving than the original and it banks its strength from Andrew Garfield's charismatic and spot on performance as Peter Parker. helpful•36 22 estebangonzalez10 Apr 25, 2014 FAQ8 Who are the villains in this film? Does J. Jonah Jameson appear in this film? Was Mary Jane Watson going to be in this film? Details Edit Release date May 4, 2014 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Marvel Official Facebook Language English Also known as Chao Fan Zhi Zhu Xia 2 Filming locations Rochester, New York, USA Production companies Marvel Enterprises Avi Arad Productions Columbia Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $200,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $202,853,933 Opening weekend US & Canada $91,608,337 May 4, 2014 Gross worldwide $708,982,323 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 22 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Datasat Dolby Digital Auro 11.1 Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Spider-Man: No Way Home – New Trailer Breakdown and Marvel Easter Eggs Analysis Nov 17Den of Geek Is Spider-Man: No Way Home Setting The Stage For A Sinister Six Movie? Nov 17Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.