The Lion King (1994) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110357/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_38
The Lion King (1994) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Lion King 19941994 GG 1h 28m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 991K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 543 133 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:20 13 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureDrama Lion prince Simba and his father are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself.Lion prince Simba and his father are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself.Lion prince Simba and his father are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 991K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 543 133 Directors Roger Allers Rob Minkoff Writers Irene Mecchi(screenplay by) Jonathan Roberts(screenplay by) Linda Woolverton(screenplay by) Stars Matthew Broderick(voice) Jeremy Irons(voice) James Earl Jones(voice) Top credits Directors Roger Allers Rob Minkoff Writers Irene Mecchi(screenplay by) Jonathan Roberts(screenplay by) Linda Woolverton(screenplay by) Stars Matthew Broderick(voice) Jeremy Irons(voice) James Earl Jones(voice) See production, box office & company info 1.1KUser reviews 230Critic reviews 88Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #38 Won 2 Oscars 39 wins & 35 nominations total Videos13 Music Video 4:57 Circle of Life Music Video Music Video 4:07 Can You Feel The Love Tonight Music Video Trailer 1:20 3D Re-release Version Clip 7:23 Jaws, Shreks, & Lion Kings: A Summer Blockbuster History Clip 6:12 Hollywood's Shared History with Broadway Clip 2:46 IMDbrief: Will 2019 Be Disney's Biggest Box Office Yet? Clip 3:16 What We Know About 'The Lion King' ... So Far Clip 1:26 Shot for Shot: 'The Lion King' (2019) vs. 'The Lion King' (1994) Clip 2:12 'Aladdin' Leads Disney's New Wave of Remakes Featurette 0:42 The Lion King: Diamond Edition Full Episode 2:46 'Sonic the Hedgehog' Star Tika Sumpter Answers Life's Big Questions About Film Video 2:26 'Creed II' Cast on Knockout Soundtracks and Inspiring Scenes Photos1594 Top cast Edit Matthew Broderick Simbaas Simba (voice) Jeremy Irons Scaras Scar (voice) James Earl Jones Mufasaas Mufasa (voice) Whoopi Goldberg Shenzias Shenzi (voice) Rowan Atkinson Zazuas Zazu (voice) Niketa Calame-Harris Young Nalaas Young Nala (voice) (as Niketa Calame) Jim Cummings Edas Ed (voice) … Robert Guillaume Rafikias Rafiki (voice) Moira Kelly Nalaas Nala (voice) Nathan Lane Timonas Timon (voice) Zoe Leader Sarafinaas Sarafina (voice) Cheech Marin Banzaias Banzai (voice) Ernie Sabella Pumbaaas Pumbaa (voice) Madge Sinclair Sarabias Sarabi (voice) Jonathan Taylor Thomas Young Simbaas Young Simba (voice) Frank Welker Lion Roarsas Lion Roars (voice) … Cathy Cavadini Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Judi M. Durand Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) (as Judi Durand) Directors Roger Allers Rob Minkoff Writers Irene Mecchi(screenplay by) Jonathan Roberts(screenplay by) Linda Woolverton(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.3 Toy Story 8.4 WALL·E 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.2 Up 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.1 Inside Out 6.8 The Lion King 8.4 Coco 8.4 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 8.6 Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi Storyline Edit A young lion prince is cast out of his pride by his cruel uncle, who claims he killed his father. While the uncle rules with an iron paw, the prince grows up beyond the Savannah, living by a philosophy: No worries for the rest of your days. But when his past comes to haunt him, the young prince must decide his fate: Will he remain an outcast or face his demons and become what he needs to be? —femaledragon1234 africakinglionshakespeareanprince230 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines See it for the first time ever in 3D (2011 3D re-release) Genres Animation Adventure Drama Family Musical Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Frank Welker provided all the lion roars. Not a single recording of an actual lion roaring was used because the producers wanted specific sounding roars for each lion. Goofs The elephant skeletons would have to come from freakishly large elephants. Hyenas could not pass through the trunk socket of an elephant's skull. Quotes Adult Simba: I know what I have to do. But going back means I'll have to face my past. I've been running from it for so long. [Rafiki hits Simba on the head with his stick] Adult Simba: Ow! Jeez, what was that for? Rafiki: It doesn't matter. It's in the past. [laughs] Adult Simba: Yeah, but it still hurts. Rafiki: Oh yes, the past can hurt. But from the way I see it, you can either run from it, or... learn from it. [swings his stick again at Simba, who ducks out of the way] Rafiki: Ha. You see? So what are you going to do? Adult Simba: First, I'm gonna take your stick. [Simba snatches Rafiki's stick and throws it and Rafiki runs to grab it] Rafiki: No, no, no, no, not the stick! Hey, where you going? Adult Simba: I'm going back! Rafiki: Good! Go on! Get out of here! [Rafiki begins laughing and screeching loudly] Crazy credits There are no opening credits. Alternate versions This film was re-released in IMAX and other large format theaters on December 25, 2002. The following changes were made to the film for this release: -This movie opens with "The Lion King: Special Edition" title card, following the Walt Disney Pictures logo. -The pouncing lesson scene was replaced with an all-new song, "Morning Report", originally from the stage show. -The animation of crocodiles in the "I Just Can't Wait to be King" sequence was completely re-done. -The animation in some of the scenes went back through the clean-up animation department a second time, to correct problems such as wavering lines and missing details, which, while not very noticeable during a traditional 35mm showing of the film, would have been discomforting on a much large IMAX screen. Small details, such as the characters who had faces that were too small to be seen in the original had faces, were also added. -The waterfalls in the "Can You Feel The Love Tonight" sequence were enhanced. -The 2003 Platinum Edition release contains the different end credits from the 2002 IMAX/Special Edition re-release. Connections Edited into The Lion King: A Musical Journey with Elton John (1994) Soundtracks Circle of Life (1994) Music by Elton John (uncredited) Lyrics by Tim Rice (uncredited) Arranged and Produced by Hans Zimmer Performed by Carmen Twillie African Vocals Performed by Lebo M. Background Singer: Rodney Saulsberry (uncredited) Chorus: Maxi Anderson, Terry Bradford, Johnny Britt, Baby Cele, Lucky Cele, Rick Charles, Gugwana Dlamini, Kevin Dorsey, Wendy Fraser, Linda Gcwensa, Clydene Jackson (as Clydene Jackson), Matoab'sane Jali, Luyanda Jezile, Bob Joyce, Faith Kekana, Sphiwe Khanyile, Faca Khulu, Stella Khumalo, Skhumbuzo Kubheka, Thembi Kubheka, Ron Kunene, James Langa, Edie Lehmann Boddicker, Rick Logan, Tsidi Manye, Khanyo Maphumulo, Abner A. Mariri, Myrna Matthews, Batho Mhlongo, Vusi Mhlongo, Nonhlanhla Mkhize, Thembi Mtshali, Bheki Ndlovu, Nandi Ndlovu, Bongani Ngcobo, Nini Nkosi, Bobbi Page, Phindile, Rick Riso, Philile Seme, Alfie Silas, Happy Skhakhane, Kipizane Skweyiya, Sindisiwe Sokhela, Susie Stevens-Logan (as Susan D. Stevens), Khuluiwe Sithole (as Khuluiwe S'thole), Thandazile, Carmen Twillie, Sam Vamplew, Julia Waters, Luther Waters (as Luther N. Waters), Maxine Waters Willard (as Maxine Waters), Oren Waters, John J West, Yvonne Williams, Terry Young, Zolile Zulu User reviews1.1K Review Top review 10/10 The best Disney animated film ever... The best Disney animated film ever...This film had it all, it was funny, emotional, had family drama, and above all, great animation and songs! My personal favorite character is Rafiki, the Baboon! I still cant forget the line he says to Simbe, "Past can hurt, but as I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it!" it is so true! i loved Zazu's weirdness, and shenzi's humor, above all, i loved Pumba's innocence and Timon's intelligence! In short, i found the film the best film ever... The voice cast is also great. Mathew did complete justice to Simba, and what can I say about Mufasa, He is the best King, and dad anyone can ever get! The movie is not meant for kids, its meant to teach every adult a lesson...to find our place in the great "Circle Of Life". I give this film a perfect 10. helpful•307 55 gdswalia May 10, 2005 FAQ10 Why was Nala away from Pride Rock when she tried to hunt down first Pumbaa, then Timon? Are Timon and Pumbaa inspired by Ren and Stimpy in any way? The duo seem like toned down versions, with Timon having some of Ren's arrogance and Pumbaa being as nice but flatulent as Stimpy. Is 'The Lion King' based on a book? Details Edit Release date July 15, 1995 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Swahili Xhosa Zulu Also known as 狮子王 Filming locations Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures - 500 S. Buena Vista Street, Burbank, California, USA Production companies Walt Disney Pictures Walt Disney Animation Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $45,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $422,783,777 Opening weekend US & Canada $1,586,753 Jun 19, 1994 Gross worldwide $1,063,611,805 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 28 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby(Dolby Stereo Spectral Recording, original release) Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1(original ratio) Related news "Kingdom Hearts" on Disney+ Nov 17SneakPeek Broadway Box Office Climbs 12% To $26M; ‘Harry Potter & The Cursed Child’ Joins Roster Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Lion King (1994) officially released in Italy?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.