The Outsiders (1983) - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086066/news/?ref_=tt_nwr_sm
The Outsiders (1983) - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Outsiders (1983) News Win The Outsiders: The Complete Novel on 4K Ultra HD 10 November 2021 by Competitions HeyUGuys To mark the release of The Outsiders: The Complete Novel, out now, we’ve been given a copy to give away on 4K Ultra HD. Starring many actors, we know and love today, back when they were young and relatively unknown, the film was adapted from S.E. Hinton’s best-selling classic novel, of the same name, and follows a young boy caught in the middle of two rival teen gangs and his growing realisation of life’s cruelties and consequences when one gang member kills a member of the other. Said to be the first film with the 80’s “brat pack”, The Outsiders is very much considered a cult classic! Please note: This competition is open to UK residents only a Rafflecopter giveaway The Small Print Open to UK residents only The competition will close 22nd November 2021 at 23.59 GMT The winner will be picked at random from entries received No See full article at HeyUGuys » Permalink Report this Franz Ferdinand Tease Greatest-Hits Collection With New Song ‘Billy Goodbye’ 02 November 2021 by Jon Blistein Rolling Stone Franz Ferdinand are back with a new track, “Billy Goodbye,” which will appear on the Scottish outfit’s upcoming compilation, Hits to the Head, out March 11 via Domino. “Billy Goodbye” finds Franz Ferdinand firmly in their wheelhouse, blending grin-inducing power pop with some clever art-rock flourishes. The track arrives with a black-and-white video — directed by Diane Martel, Franz Ferdinand frontman Alex Kapranos, and Ben Cole — that captures Franz Ferdinand delivering a lively performance of the song as they and their friends joyously bounce around a studio space. “Billy Goodbye” is See full article at Rolling Stone » Permalink Report this ‘Tom Cruise was an intense kid’: How Francis Ford Coppola made The Outsiders 01 November 2021 by Interviews by Phil Hoad The Guardian - Film News ‘I was famous for casting unknown actors. I had Nicolas Cage, Robert Downey Jr and Matt Dillon in a circle watching each other try for parts’ Francis Ford Coppola, director After my 1982 film One from the Heart failed commercially, my production company American Zoetrope was bankrupt – it was a low period for me. But then I received a letter written by Jo Ellen Misakian, a junior school librarian from Fresno, California. It read: “We are all so impressed with the book, The Outsiders by Se Hinton, that a petition has been circulated asking that it be made into a movie. We have chosen you to send it to.” It contained about 15 pages of children’s signatures written in different-coloured pens. It was very moving. I read Susan Hinton’s book, written when she was in her late teens, and was touched by the level of regard these poor “Greaser” kids had for each other, See full article at The Guardian - Film News » Permalink Report this Star Wars: Yoda’s 10 Best Non-Movie Quotes 28 October 2021 Screen Rant There are few characters in pop culture, never mind just Star Wars, that are as instantly recognizable and well known as Yoda. The mysterious and wise Jedi Master is a prominent figure in the Skywalker saga, providing the franchise with some of its most memorable scenes and quotes. Not every great line from Yoda, though, comes in the films. Related: Anakin Skywalker's 5 Best Quotes From The Clone Wars (& Vader's 5 Best From Rebels) Between his brilliant appearances in The Clone Wars and Rebels, as well as some extended canon content, Yoda has added magnificently to his catalog of unique and wise quotes, giving some of his best outside of the films. See full article at Screen Rant » Permalink Report this Star Wars: 7 Saddest Things About Ahsoka Tano 27 October 2021 Screen Rant Ahsoka Tano made her Star Wars debut in the animated series The Clone Wars and quickly became a firm favorite among fans. Throughout her time on the series, and her appearances in Rebels and The Mandalorian, she conquered a lot and had some great moments along the way. Related: 5 Of Ahsoka Tano's Best Quotes In The Clone Wars (& Her 5 Best In Rebels) However, through all that she accomplished came a great deal of heartbreak for her character. Ahsoka, from a young age, witnessed many upsetting events and went through many hardships that changed the course of her life irrevocably. See full article at Screen Rant » Permalink Report this How Star Wars: Ahsoka’s Anakin Return Could Validate Biggest Change to Original Trilogy 25 October 2021 by John Saavedra Den of Geek The Prequel era is back in full force. Not only will we see the return of Ewan McGregor in next year’s Obi-Wan Kenobi limited series but also Hayden Christensen, either reprising his role as Anakin Skywalker in a flashback/vision or as Darth Vader for a never-before-seen confrontation with his old master. Either way, McGregor and Christensen’s first scene together since 2005’s Revenge of the Sith will be a huge moment on Disney+ in 2022. But Christensen’s Star Wars comeback isn’t stopping there. THR reports that the actor will also appear in the upcoming Ahsoka series opposite Rosario Dawson, although it’s again unclear whether he’ll show up as the troubled Jedi hero or the Sith monster he became after parting ways with his former padawan. Either way, Christensen’s debut in the post-Original Trilogy era does present some very interesting possibilities for what this could See full article at Den of Geek » Permalink Report this Star Wars: The 10 Best Clones in the Franchise (Ranked) 18 October 2021 Screen Rant Jango Fett is evidently the man with the most desirable genes in the galaxy, acting as the specimen from whom millions of Republic Clone Troopers were created. These troops became an essential feature of the Star Wars universe, acting as the primary soldiers for the Republic, and eventual betrayers of the Jedi during the infamous purge under Order 66. Related: The 10 Best Original Characters From The Clone Wars Series Star Wars: The Clone Wars gave fans a deeper look into the clones as characters over its seven-season run, and follow-up series, such as Rebels and The Bad Batch, have continued this trend. As a result, the clones have become more than soldiers. Fans have grown attached to the clones, and some have become fan favorites over the years. See full article at Screen Rant » Permalink Report this The Outsiders review – Coppola’s Brat Pack melodrama carries you away 14 October 2021 by Peter Bradshaw The Guardian - Film News Patrick Swayze and Rob Lowe star in Francis Ford Coppola’s 1983 movie that comes crashing back on screen Like a rock’n’roll power chord, Francis Ford Coppola’s 1983 teen gangs melodrama The Outsiders comes crashing back on screen, in a longer “complete novel” cut. It is a movie with the heartfelt old-fashioned urgency of a Hollywood film from much further back, with the Brat Pack in this film the equivalent of the Dead End Kids who made Angels With Dirty Faces in the 1930s. And The Outsiders feels very different from the companion-piece Rumble Fish that Coppola made afterwards with much of the same cast, co-written again with novelist Se Hinton. In Tulsa, Oklahoma in the early 1960s, there are two gangs, the greasers and the socs – derived from “socials”, the posher, Wasp kids whose parents can afford to join social clubs. There is a not-so-hidden racism in the See full article at The Guardian - Film News » Permalink Report this ‘Terminator 2,’ ‘Basic Instinct’ to Return to Studiocanal Distribution Portfolio as NBCUniversal Deal Ends – Global Bulletin 13 October 2021 by Jamie Lang Variety Catalog In January of 2022, Studiocanal is set to regain distribution rights to more than 200 high-profile feature films, ending its long-term distribution deal with NBCUniversal, and will be adding the films to its current catalog of prestige titles available to TV and SVOD players. Key names among the returning titles take in Carolco films “Terminator 2,” the “Rambo” trilogy and “Basic Instinct”; Working Title comedies “Love Actually” and the “Bridget Jones” and “Johnny English” films; as well as American classics including “The Elephant Man,” “Mulholland Drive,” “Apocalypse Now,” “The Graduate” and “The Outsiders.” Several high-profile European titles are also included in the package, such as Alejandro Amenabar’s “The Others,” Roman Polanski’s “The Pianist” and French classics “Le Professionnel,” “La Grande Illusion” and “La Grande Vadrouille.” Factual Production-distribution company Earth Touch has closed a raft of deals for titles from its slate of wildlife programming with broadcasters around the world See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Studiocanal, Koch Films Partner on Home Entertainment Distribution 08 October 2021 by Ed Meza Variety Munich-based Koch Films has struck a deal with Studiocanal Germany to take over the distributor’s entire sales and logistics activities for all physical home entertainment activities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Studiocanal’s extensive portfolio comprises new releases, series and classic catalog titles such as Francis Ford Coppola’s newly restored 1983 teen drama “The Outsiders” and David Lynch’s “Mulholland Drive” as well as works by the likes of Jean-Luc Godard, Wim Wenders, Jim Jarmusch and Margarethe von Trotta. The agreement pools Studiocanal and Koch Films’ strengths and bolsters their market position in the home entertainment sector over the long term, the companies said. Studiocanal’s Arthaus label includes such recently restored films as Federico Fellini’s “La Dolce Vita”; Ousmane Sembène’s 1968 Senegalese classic “Mandabi”; and Richard Kelly’s “Donnie Darko” as well as German titles like Reinhard Hauff’s 1975 drama “The Brutalization of Franz Blum,” featuring Jürgen Prochnow See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this ‘Cruel Intentions’ Series in the Works at IMDb TV 01 October 2021 by Joe Otterson Variety Another attempt at a “Cruel Intentions” TV series is in development at IMDb TV. Inspired by the 1999 film of the same name — which was itself inspired by the novel “Dangerous Liaisons” — the new iteration of the series follows two ruthless step siblings who will do anything to stay on top. In this case, of the Greek life hierarchy at an elite Washington, D.C. college. After a brutal hazing incident threatens the entire Panhellenic system, they’ll do whatever’s necessary to preserve their power and reputations, even seduce the daughter of the Vice President of the United States. NBC had previously ordered a pilot for a followup to the film back in 2016, with one of the film’s original stars — Sarah Michelle Gellar — returning in the role of Kathryn Merteuil. It was ultimately not picked up to series. Prior to that, Fox attempted to mount a prequel series that See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Trailer: God of War II by Cai Cong 23 September 2021 by Suzie Cho AsianMoviePulse Years after escaping, Lü Bu has no memory of his hellish early life as a test subject for a ruthless imperial sorceress. Now, he is feared across the land as the conquering general under warlord Dong Zhuo, for whom he has blazed a trail of victories on the battlefield. But when a woman arrives at the palace claiming to be his long-lost love, the facade begins to fade, and he begins to realize that his closest allies may yet be his most dangerous foes. This follow-up to Gordon Chan’s 2017 movie, God of War, is directed by Cai Cong and stars Charles Lin (The Outsiders), Liu Yuxi (Legend of the Phoenix) and David Wu. US distributor Well Go USA has released the Blu-ray on September 21, 2021. See full article at AsianMoviePulse » Permalink Report this ‘Invasion’: Strange Things Are Happening on Earth in a New Trailer (Video) 22 September 2021 TV Insider Something is taking root on planet Earth in a newly-unveiled trailer for Apple TV+’s sci-fi drama Invasion. The 10-episode series from Simon Kinberg and David Weil (Hunters) takes a look at how the world might be affected by a global alien invasion. Directed by Jakob Verbruggen (The Alienist), the show is slated to debut on Friday, October 22 with the first three installments dropping on Apple TV+. (Credit: Apple TV+) Action takes place over several continents as different individuals grapple with the alien invasion taking over their world. As teased in the trailer, below, the arrival of these other-worldly beings causes chaos with the loss of power, destruction of infrastructure, and bizarre occurrences. The individuals at the center of this grand-scale tale are series stars Shamier Anderson (Awake), Goldhifteh Farahani (Body of Lies), Sam Neill (Peaky Blinders), Firas Nassar (Fauda), and Shioli Kutsuna (The Outsider). As the alien invasion permeates the globe, See full article at TV Insider » Permalink Report this Star Wars Rebels: Grand Admiral Thrawn's 10 Best Quotes 21 September 2021 Screen Rant Grand Admiral Thrawn has been a fan-favorite character ever since he was introduced in the Heir to the Empire book trilogy by Timothy Zahn. Fans of the book were thrilled to see him enter the Star Wars canon when he joined season 3 of Star Wars Rebels. Related: The 10 Best Quotes Of Star Wars Rebels As the primary antagonist of seasons 3 and 4 of Rebels, Thrawn delivered some truly memorable quotes. His best are spoken eloquently and demonstrate his unique analytical intelligence or the arrogance that was ultimately his undoing, made even better by the chilling and commanding voice of actor Lars Mikkelsen. See full article at Screen Rant » Permalink Report this Meet Matt Dillon, Slow Filmmaker: Documentary ‘The Great Fellove’ Was Worth the Wait 17 September 2021 by Anne Thompson Thompson on Hollywood Most people know Matt Dillon as an actor who grew up in front of the cameras. He won two Indie Spirit Awards for “Drugstore Cowboy” and for “Crash;” that one also yielded a Supporting Actor Oscar nomination. Dillon also made a strong directing debut in 2003 with moody thriller “City of Ghosts” co-starring James Caan, Gerard Depardieu, and Stellan Skarsgård. None of that addressed an all-consuming passion for world music with a vast collection of vinyl and shellac 78s (sorted alphabetically by artist or label), and making a documentary about Cuban scat singer Francisco Fellove that took him 20 years to complete. “The Great Fellove” debuted to rave reviews at San Sebastian 2020, and more recently, Telluride 2021. in the film, Cuban rumba performer Chan Campos describes Fellove: “He was a drum from his feet to his head.” (See our clip below.) Dillon’s documentary captures the scat maestro who gave us the original “Mango Mangue, See full article at Thompson on Hollywood » Permalink Report this Meet Matt Dillon, Slow Filmmaker: Documentary ‘The Great Fellove’ Was Worth the Wait 17 September 2021 by Anne Thompson Indiewire Most people know Matt Dillon as an actor who grew up in front of the cameras. He won two Indie Spirit Awards for “Drugstore Cowboy” and for “Crash;” that one also yielded a Supporting Actor Oscar nomination. Dillon also made a strong directing debut in 2003 with moody thriller “City of Ghosts” co-starring James Caan, Gerard Depardieu, and Stellan Skarsgård. None of that addressed an all-consuming passion for world music with a vast collection of vinyl and shellac 78s (sorted alphabetically by artist or label), and making a documentary about Cuban scat singer Francisco Fellove that took him 20 years to complete. “The Great Fellove” debuted to rave reviews at San Sebastian 2020, and more recently, Telluride 2021. in the film, Cuban rumba performer Chan Campos describes Fellove: “He was a drum from his feet to his head.” (See our clip below.) Dillon’s documentary captures the scat maestro who gave us the original “Mango Mangue, See full article at Indiewire » Permalink Report this Refresh Your Fall Outerwear With These Denim Jackets From Hollywood-Loved Brands 16 September 2021 The Hollywood Reporter From Geena Davis’ pearl-studded Jett Paris piece in Thelma & Louise to the teen gang uniforms in The Outsiders, denim jackets have shaped some of the most iconic film characters. Since its debut in the late 1800s by denim inventor Levi Strauss, jean jackets have gone from blue-collar workwear essentials to versatile wardrobe staples worn by truckers and Hollywood stars alike. Now that the autumn leaves and chillier weather are arriving soon, we’ve rounded up some of the best jean jackets for women to wear this fall and beyond. Ahead, check out our favorite picks from brands frequently spotted on A-listers. If ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter » Permalink Report this How Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic Can Become Canon Again 15 September 2021 by John Saavedra Den of Geek After years of rumors, reports, and leaks, Lucasfilm Games finally has a new Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic game in the pipeline. Mind you, it isn’t the threequel most players hoped for, but a remake of the original, spearheaded by Aspyr, the veteran studio that’s spent the last few years porting Star Wars classics to modern consoles, including next-gen and mobile versions of Knights of the Old Republic and its beloved sequel. But a remake of one of the best Star Wars games ever made is a different challenge altogether. Much will be said about what should and shouldn’t be tweaked about BioWare’s seminal RPG for a modern re-telling — in fact, we have some thoughts ourselves. But the remake raises other questions, too. For example, will the remake finally make this beloved era of Star Wars an official part of the Disney canon? You See full article at Den of Geek » Permalink Report this ‘1883’: Billy Bob Thornton to Guest Star in ‘Yellowstone’ Prequel 10 September 2021 TV Insider There’s a new marshal in town in the Yellowstone prequel. Billy Bob Thornton (Goliath) will guest star in Taylor Sheridan’s new series 1883 on Paramount+. He’ll be playing Marshal Jim Courtright. 1883 stars Sam Elliott as tough-as-nails, handsome cowboy Shea Brennan, Tim McGraw and Faith Hill as James and Margaret Dutton, Isabel May as their eldest daughter Elsa, and Lamonica Garrett as Thomas, a Pinkerton agent and right hand to Brennan. It follows the Duttons as they embark on a journey west through the Great Plains towards the last bastion of untamed America. It is described as a stark retelling of Western expansion, and an intense study of one family fleeing poverty to seek a better future in America’s promised land — Montana. In addition to Goliath, Thornton’s TV credits include Fargo, Hearts Afire, and The Outsiders. This prequel is just one of three Sheridan shows coming this fall. See full article at TV Insider » Permalink Report this Peter Bart: With His Two Tentpole Pics Delayed Again, Can Hollywood Survive Another Year Without Tom Cruise? Can He? 09 September 2021 by Peter Bart Deadline Tom Cruise, now approaching age 60, has never reacted calmly to frustration. This week his carefully structured life was put on hold by delays of his two heralded mega movies: the Top Gun sequel and the seventh Mission: Impossible. Can Hollywood survive another year without Cruise? Or can Cruise? Star egos drift into paranoia even in the best of times and these are the worst, with celebrities worldwide finding themselves parked on the sidelines. Apart from movie delays, China now has declared war on celebrities and pop stars in general. Could others follow suit? (More on that below.) Celebrity narcissism is normally cringe-inducing, but this time I empathize with Cruise for both his candor and tenacity. “I need the action,” Cruise once told me, a semi-crazed look in his eyes. He had just produced and starred in Lions for Lambs, a courageous anti-war movie about two young soldiers who’d served in Afghanistan. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Showtimes | External Sites The Outsiders Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Movies I watched a list of 21 titles created 1 day ago Fims and T.V. Adapted from Novels a list of 24 titles created 2 weeks ago Ratings - 1983 a list of 35 titles created 14 Jun 2020 Book-Movies a list of 44 titles created 11 Mar 2018 Watch Again with Tanner a list of 42 titles created 09 Nov 2020 See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.