The Big Wedding (2013) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1931435/?ref_=ttls_li_i
The Big Wedding (2013) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Big Wedding 20132013 RR 1h 30m IMDb RATING 5.6/10 49K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,478 2,267 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:01 4 Videos 69 Photos ComedyDramaRomance A long-divorced couple fakes being married as their family unites for a wedding.A long-divorced couple fakes being married as their family unites for a wedding.A long-divorced couple fakes being married as their family unites for a wedding. IMDb RATING 5.6/10 49K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,478 2,267 Director Justin Zackham Writers Justin Zackham(screenplay) Jean-Stéphane Bron(motion picture "Mon frère se marie") Karine Sudan(motion picture "Mon frère se marie") Stars Robert De Niro Diane Keaton Katherine Heigl Top credits Director Justin Zackham Writers Justin Zackham(screenplay) Jean-Stéphane Bron(motion picture "Mon frère se marie") Karine Sudan(motion picture "Mon frère se marie") Stars Robert De Niro Diane Keaton Katherine Heigl See production, box office & company info 139User reviews 143Critic reviews 28Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos4 Trailer 1:01 Version 2 Trailer 2:31 Theatrical Version Clip 0:35 The Big Wedding Featurette 2:17 Behind the Scenes Photos69 Top cast Edit Robert De Niro Donas Don Diane Keaton Ellieas Ellie Katherine Heigl Lylaas Lyla Amanda Seyfried Missyas Missy Topher Grace Jaredas Jared Susan Sarandon Bebeas Bebe Robin Williams Father Moinighanas Father Moinighan Ben Barnes Alejandroas Alejandro Christine Ebersole Muffinas Muffin David Rasche Barryas Barry Patricia Rae Madonnaas Madonna Ana Ayora Nuriaas Nuria Kyle Bornheimer Andrewas Andrew Megan Ketch Janeas Jane Christa Campbell Kimas Kim Ian Blackman Maitre D'as Maitre D' Shana Dowdeswell Waitressas Waitress Doug Torres Waiting Fatheras Waiting Father Director Justin Zackham Writers Justin Zackham(screenplay) Jean-Stéphane Bron(motion picture "Mon frère se marie") Karine Sudan(motion picture "Mon frère se marie") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.3 License to Wed 5.5 Killers 5.3 One for the Money 5.7 Valentine's Day 5.7 New Year's Eve 5.7 Because I Said So 5.8 And So It Goes 6.5 Life as We Know It 5.8 Mon frère se marie 6.5 Letters to Juliet 6.1 What's Your Number? 4.8 By the Gun Storyline Edit Don and Ellie were once married and have two children, Lyla and Jared. They adopt a boy from Colombia, Alejandro. Eventually they would divorce, Ellie would move away and Don would hook up with Bebe, Ellie's best friend. When Alejandro is about to get married, he informs Don and Ellie that he never told his natural mother who is so traditional that they got divorced. And she is coming for the wedding so he asks them if they can pretend to still be married. Don and Ellie reluctantly agree to it and Bebe moves out who is also upset that Don doesn't want to commit. Lyla who is married is going through a rough patch in her marriage. And Jared who hasn't had much luck with women finds himself attracted to Alejandro's extremely sensual sister, Nuria. —rcs0411@yahoo.com weddingdivorcefamily relationshipsfarceadoption88 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It's never too late to start acting like a family. Genres Comedy Drama Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language, sexual content and brief nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In this movie, Robin Williams quotes Oscar Wilde's "Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience." Goofs When Lila faints, the crash mat is reflected in the window. Quotes Alejandro: My mom is Jbuddist, which is Jewish slash Buddhist, and my father thinks that organized religion is for... Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #21.130 (2013) Soundtracks It's a Wonderful Life Music by Nathan Barr and Lisbeth Scott Lyrics by Lisbeth Scott User reviews139 Review Top review Great Cast but Watered Down Screenplay The Big Wedding (2013) ** (out of 4) An all-star cast does what they can for this romantic comedy but sadly it's not nearly enough. Robert DeNiro and Diane Keaton play a former married couple who finds their adopted son about to be married. The only problem is that his real mother is very strict and wouldn't approve of his in-laws not being married so the two plan to pretend that they're still married, which causes trouble with the father's girlfriend (Susan Sarandon). THE BIG WEDDING features not only those three Oscar-winners but we've also got Robin Williams playing a priest and the supporting cast includes the likes of Katherine Heigl, Amanda Seyfried and Topher Grace. With that cast it seems like we'd have something special here but that's not the case because the screenplay is just too silly, tame and boring for it to work. I love the cast and they helped keep me interested in the movie but they simply don't have anything to work with, which then begs the question as to why they agreed to be in it. The problem is that the screenplay gives us so many "stories" going on and none of them are all that interesting. You have love triangles, pregnancy issues, virgin issues, speaking issues and countless other family issues and none of them are funny. You have jokes aimed at Catholics and various sex jokes but these to are unfunny. The film tries to be somewhat raunchy but even these jokes are just too tame to work and especially in this current state of raunchy comedies. There are a few funny moments throughout and it's usually the cast member's charm that is making it. The cast members do what they can but no one here is delivering Oscar-worthy performances. Seeing DeNiro, Keaton and Sarandon acting together is fun but one really wishes the material had been better. Heigl adds nothing to the film and even Seyfried and Grace are pretty much given nothing to do but stand in the background. THE BIG WEDDING has a big cast but very little else. At best this is for fans of the cast members but even them will just want to save this for a very cheap ticket or a free rental. helpful•39 21 Michael_Elliott Apr 26, 2013 Details Edit Release date April 26, 2013 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English Spanish Chinese Latin Also known as The Wedding Filming locations Greenwich, Connecticut, USA Production companies Two Ton Films Millennium Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $35,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $21,819,348 Opening weekend US & Canada $7,591,663 Apr 28, 2013 Gross worldwide $46,522,137 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 30 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news New on Netflix: November 2021 Releases Nov 1Den of Geek New on Netflix for November 2021 Oct 31Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Big Wedding (2013) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.