The Sting (1973) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070735/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_115
The Sting (1973) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Sting 19731973 PGPG 2h 9m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 252K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,780 969 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:41 3 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyCrimeDrama Two grifters team up to pull off the ultimate con.Two grifters team up to pull off the ultimate con.Two grifters team up to pull off the ultimate con. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 252K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,780 969 Director George Roy Hill Writer David S. Ward Stars Paul Newman Robert Redford Robert Shaw Top credits Director George Roy Hill Writer David S. Ward Stars Paul Newman Robert Redford Robert Shaw See production, box office & company info 332User reviews 140Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #115 Won 7 Oscars 18 wins & 6 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 0:41 The Sting Clip 5:10 Robert Redford: The Con With Conviction & the End of a Legendary Screen Persona Video 2:30 "Patriot" Star Michael Dorman Crushes on 'The Princess Bride' Photos138 Top cast Edit Paul Newman Henry Gondorffas Henry Gondorff Robert Redford Johnny Hookeras Johnny Hooker Robert Shaw Doyle Lonneganas Doyle Lonnegan Charles Durning Lt. Wm. Snyderas Lt. Wm. Snyder Ray Walston J.J. Singletonas J.J. Singleton Eileen Brennan Billieas Billie Harold Gould Kid Twistas Kid Twist John Heffernan Eddie Nilesas Eddie Niles Dana Elcar F.B.I. Agent Polkas F.B.I. Agent Polk Jack Kehoe Erie Kidas Erie Kid Dimitra Arliss Lorettaas Loretta Robert Earl Jones Luther Colemanas Luther Coleman (as Robertearl Jones) James Sloyan Mottolaas Mottola (as James J. Sloyan) Charles Dierkop Floyd (Bodyguard)as Floyd (Bodyguard) Lee Paul Bodyguardas Bodyguard Sally Kirkland Crystalas Crystal Avon Long Benny Garfieldas Benny Garfield Arch Johnson Combsas Combs Director George Roy Hill Writer David S. Ward All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 The Great Escape 8.1 Cool Hand Luke 8.0 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid 8.3 Lawrence of Arabia 8.3 To Kill a Mockingbird 8.2 Some Like It Hot 8.3 The Apartment 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai 8.3 North by Northwest 8.1 The Deer Hunter 8.3 Amadeus 8.1 Ben-Hur Storyline Edit Johnny Hooker, a small time grifter, unknowingly steals from Doyle Lonnegan, a big time crime boss, when he pulls a standard street con. Lonnegan demands satisfaction for the insult. After his partner, Luther, is killed, Hooker flees, and seeks the help of Henry Gondorff, one of Luther's contacts, who is a master of the long con. Hooker wants to use Gondorff's expertise to take Lonnegan for an enormous sum of money to even the score, since he admits he "doesn't know enough about killing to kill him." They devise a complicated scheme and amass a talented group of other con artists who want their share of the reparations. The stakes are high in this game, and our heroes must not only deal with Lonnegan's murderous tendencies, but also other side players who want a piece of the action. To win, Hooker and Gondorff will need all their skills...and a fair amount of confidence. —headlessannie concon manillegal activityplaying golfcon artist294 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Recapture "the STING Experience". REMEMBER HOW GOOD THE FEEL WAS THE FIRST TIME (re-release) Genres Comedy Crime Drama Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Robert Shaw injured his knee and incorporated the resulting limp into his performance. According to "You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again" by Julia Phillips, Shaw split all the ligaments in his knee after slipping on a wet handball court at the Beverly Hills Hotel a week before filming started. He had to wear a leg brace during production which was kept hidden under the wide 1930s style trousers he wore. Goofs As Hooker flees Snyder under the El, a modern car and box truck can be seen in the distance ahead. Quotes Johnny Hooker: Can you get a mob together? Henry Gondorff: After what happened to Luther, I don't think I can get more than two, three hundred guys. Crazy credits The opening animated logo for Universal Pictures is in 1930s style, matching the movie's setting, instead of the 1970s version. Connections Featured in Oscars, Actors and The Exorcist (1974) Soundtracks Easy Winners (1901) (uncredited) Written by Scott Joplin Conducted and Adapted by Marvin Hamlisch User reviews332 Review Top review Comment on accuracy of the poker scene The Sting. The Sting (1973) is one of everybody's favorite films. Director George Roy Hill took a page from his successful western, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and teamed Paul Newman and Robert Redford once again, this time for an Academy Award four star movie about con men. The intricate saga of The Sting is set in 1936 Chicago. It tells the story of grifters, Henry Gondorff and Johnny Hooker, played by Paul Newman and Robert Redford, respectively. They con the bad guy, Doyle Lonnegan, played by Robert Shaw. And at every turn, they con the audience as well. The poker game is five card draw ('straight poker' in the film) and is set on a train traveling from New York to Chicago. Newman and Redford are on the train along with Shaw. The game has been set up by Shaw with the cooperation of the conductor. We don't know how Newman and Redford know exactly what day and what train Shaw is taking from New York to Chicago, but that is beside the purpose of our discussion. Shaw is a known card cheater, but Newman will prove to be a better one. Once again the holy game of poker will be sullied by the movies. This time, we'll love every minute of it. Newman arranges to get himself invited to the poker game, through the conductor. He arrives sober, but apparently inebriated. It is the perfect act, consummately played in a boozy, needling performance by Paul Newman. Shaw's character is a known cold decker (a 'cold deck' is a deck introduced surreptitiously into the game with hands pre-arranged to break one of the players)' and Newman will have to play over the top of the cold deck when it is placed into the game. One of the subtleties of the event is missed by most viewers. Newman must ready himself to overcome the cold deck. During the play of hands, we see Newman hold the cards close to his vest and, at least once, his cards disappear briefly below table level, out of sight, and back again. Newman knows Shaw cold decks middle cards against low cards, and so Newman is gathering and holding out jacks. Newman immediately insults Shaw upon arrival and continues to heckle him throughout the play of the game, thus making sure Shaw will cold deck the game to teach the upstart drunk a lesson. When Shaw goes to the men's room to arrange to fix the cold deck, Newman knows the time has come. (In real life, cold decks were nearly always arranged in men's rooms. They should have had a dedicated stall marked 'coolers made here'.) The game is three handed at this point. Shaw will bring the cold deck in when he cuts the cards for the dealer to his left. In filming the cold decking, the camera shows a pair of hands over the deck, then there's a cut in the continuity. Then the camera goes immediately back to the deck and we see the hands with the warm deck going to a handkerchief in Shaw's lap, leaving the cold deck on the table. I guess it would have been hard to do in one long shot. The detail is interesting during the dealing of the cold deck. Newman is fussing with his cigar and poking behind his vest, implying something is happening. But we never see Newman with hand positions that could be holding out cards. Newman is dealt trip threes and Shaw is dealt a pair of nines. The third player is the dealer and he is out of the hand. Newman draws two cards and gets his four threes with the six of hearts. Shaw draws three cards and gets his four nines with the ten of spades. The planning of the arranged cold deck is well done and probable. After the cards are dealt, the cards on top of the deck are, in order, a three, the six of hearts, two nines and the ten of spades. It doesn't matter whether Newman draws one or two cards, he'll make his four threes and, in either case, Shaw, in drawing three cards, will make his four nines. Now, here's the unlikely trick. Newman must change the hand with four threes for a hand with four jacks. It would be easiest to hold out an entire hand of four jacks and a fifth card and switch five card hands. But Newman switches only the four threes for the four jacks he's held out and he keeps the six of hearts. That is much harder to do and less likely would be the method chosen. Newman also takes the chance that Shaw won't have one of the legitimate jacks in his hand with the four nines, but in having to play over the top of the cold deck, that gamble is unavoidable. Shaw's problem is that he can't call Newman for card manipulation because Shaw has an audience, the other players and the conductor. After Newman leaves the cabin, Shaw says to his lackey, 'What was I supposed to do? Call him for cheating better than me, in front of the others?' Shaw was able to get $10,000 more in chips during a hand in a table stakes game. But that was okay with Newman. The film shows Shaw wiping his face with a handkerchief during the play of the hand, implying he has disposed of the warm deck. However, we never see Newman clean up. So, when he leaves the poker cabin, one deck is short four jacks, the other deck has four extra jacks, and Newman still has four threes behind his vest somewhere. Whoever the conductor gives the decks to next, will have a few surprises. Despite its faults, the poker scene from The Sting is the most fun filled, greatest directed, best acted, and most involved offering in cheating poker film history. And it was made over thirty years ago. Silver Dollar Sam NothingWild.com helpful•18 10 SilverDSam Oct 26, 2004 FAQ12 Why does Lonnegan speak with a Northern Irish accent in The Sting? Why did the TV series Hustle copy the exact same scam? How could such a huge con team possibly get away with such an operation in the The Sting? Details Edit Release date December 25, 1973 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 骗中骗 Filming locations Union Station - Canal St. & Jackson Blvd., Near West Side, Chicago, Illinois, USA Production companies Zanuck/Brown Productions Universal Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $5,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $156,000,000 Gross worldwide $156,000,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news 'Covid-19' - TV LImbo Nov 15SneakPeek Paul Newman's Memoir Will Be Published Posthumously Next Year Nov 4Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Sting (1973)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.