The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1959563/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_9
The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Hitman's Bodyguard 20172017 RR 1h 58m IMDb RATING 6.9/10 216K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 763 16 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:05 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionComedyCrime The world's top bodyguard gets a new client, a hitman who must testify at the International Criminal Court. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on... Read allThe world's top bodyguard gets a new client, a hitman who must testify at the International Criminal Court. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time.The world's top bodyguard gets a new client, a hitman who must testify at the International Criminal Court. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. IMDb RATING 6.9/10 216K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 763 16 Director Patrick Hughes Writer Tom O'Connor Stars Ryan Reynolds Samuel L. Jackson Gary Oldman Top credits Director Patrick Hughes Writer Tom O'Connor Stars Ryan Reynolds Samuel L. Jackson Gary Oldman See production, box office & company info 603User reviews 303Critic reviews 47Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 win & 8 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:05 Official Trailer Trailer 1:37 Red Band Trailer Photos113 Top cast Edit Ryan Reynolds Michael Bryceas Michael Bryce Samuel L. Jackson Darius Kincaidas Darius Kincaid Gary Oldman Vladislav Dukhovichas Vladislav Dukhovich Elodie Yung Amelia Rousselas Amelia Roussel Tsuwayuki Saotome Kurosawaas Kurosawa Roy Hill Helicopter Pilotas Helicopter Pilot… Richard E. Grant Seifertas Seifert Rod Hallett Professor Asimovas Professor Asimov Yuri Kolokolnikov Ivanas Ivan Nadia Konakchieva Mrs. Asimovas Mrs. Asimov Valentin Stojanov Petr Asimov Jr.as Petr Asimov Jr. Noortje Herlaar ICC Court Clerkas ICC Court Clerk Georgie Glen ICC Lead Judgeas ICC Lead Judge Michael Gor Livitinas Livitin Barry Atsma Morenoas Moreno Ralitsa Vassileva Newscasteras Newscaster Abigail McLoughlin News Reporteras News Reporter Bradley John News Reporteras News Reporter Director Patrick Hughes Writer Tom O'Connor All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.1 Hitman's Wife's Bodyguard 6.1 6 Underground 7.7 Deadpool 2 6.7 Extraction 6.7 Kingsman: The Golden Circle 6.3 Central Intelligence 8.0 Deadpool 6.9 Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle 6.4 Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw 7.7 Kingsman: The Secret Service 7.3 The Hitman's Bodyguard: The Hitman vs. The Bodyguard 6.7 Jumanji: The Next Level Storyline Edit With his reputation in tatters after the painfully unsuccessful delivery of a distinguished Japanese client, the former triple-A protection agent, Michael Bryce, is now reduced to a mere second-class bodyguard for hire, two years after the disgraceful incident. Under those circumstances, Bryce would do anything to prove his worth, and, before long, he accepts an offer from Interpol to escort the international assassin, Darius Kincaid, from Manchester to the Hague. The task seems simple: Bryce needs to transport him from point A to point B; nevertheless, the trip to the Netherlands is long and hazardous, and Kincaid--as the only one with the guts and enough hard evidence to testify against a tyrannical Belarusian dictator--is an obvious target. Undoubtedly, it's a tough job, as the mismatched duo will have to put aside their grudges, and race against the clock in a non-stop concerto for bullets. Can the hitman's bodyguard carry through the most important mission in his career? —Nick Riganas bodyguardchasehitmansinging in a cartwo against many460 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines Everyone's out to get them... If they don't kill each other first. Genres Action Comedy Crime Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence and language throughout Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The song that Kincaid and the nuns are singing together in the van (much to Bryce's annoyance) is a 19th-century Italian traditional drinking song named "Bevilo Tutto", which encourages everyone to 'drink it all up'. Goofs When Professor Asimov testified at the trial that Dukhovich killed his wife and child, Dukhovich's attorney objected that this was hearsay and the court granted the objection and excluded the testimony. The testimony was not hearsay. Hearsay is testifying about what someone else said happened. Asimov was testifying about events that he directly witnessed and the testimony should have been allowed. Quotes Michael Bryce: This guy single-handedly ruined the word "motherfucker." Crazy credits At the end of the credits there's an outtake with Ryan Reynolds having to wait for church bells to stop ringing. Connections Featured in Sean Chandler Talks About: The Hitman's Bodyguard Movie Review (2017) Soundtracks Sittin' and Cryin' the Blues Performed by Memphis Slim and Willie Dixon Written by Willie Dixon Published by BMG Bumblebee (BMI) obo Hoochie Coochie Music (BMI) Courtesy of Fantasy Records User reviews603 Review Top review 9/10 Great Action & Greater Laughs!! I just saw a preview of "Hitman's Bodyguard" last night with my wife. We are both fan's of action and comedy and went into this hoping it would be as good as we hoped from the actor's involved. I am a HUGE Sam Jackson fan and an equally big Ryan Reynolds fan. I'm glad to say that this movie did not disappoint! I would've given this movie a 10 if only voting on the action and comedy but there were a couple of plot points that were slightly predictable. I don't feel these couple of things hurt the movie much due to what the movie is being advertised as, which is an action comedy and this is by far where it shines. I laughed harder during some scenes of this movie than I've laughed in a long time during a movie. The last I remember laughing harder is last year during "Deadpool". If you like lots of action and great comedy with actors with plenty of chemistry and don't mind a significant amount of f-bombs, which if you're a Sam Jackson fan I'm guessing you don't, then drop some cash for a ticket. You won't be disappointed!! helpful•169 109 jmbousman Aug 9, 2017 FAQ2 What is 'The Hitman's Bodyguard' about? Is there a sequel? Details Edit Release date September 22, 2017 (China) Countries of origin United States Hong Kong Bulgaria Netherlands Canada United Kingdom France Official sites Nu Boyana Film Studios Official Facebook Languages English Russian French Japanese Italian Dutch Spanish Also known as Hitman's Bodyguard Filming locations Nieuwe Achtergracht, Amsterdam, The Netherlands Production companies Summit Entertainment Millennium Media Cristal Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $30,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $75,468,583 Opening weekend US & Canada $21,384,504 Aug 20, 2017 Gross worldwide $176,600,207 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Hitman’s Bodyguard’ Director Patrick Hughes Sets Next Feature ‘War Machine’ at Lionsgate (Exclusive) Nov 9Variety Film + TV Michael Shannon, Emilia Clarke, Dane DeHaan Starring in Joe McCarthy Biopic Oct 13Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What was the official certification given to The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017) in Japan?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.