The Usual Suspects (1995) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114814/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_35
The Usual Suspects (1995) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Usual Suspects 19951995 RR 1h 46m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 470 127 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 1 Video 99+ Photos CrimeDramaMystery A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup.A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup.A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 470 127 Director Bryan Singer Writer Christopher McQuarrie Stars Kevin Spacey Gabriel Byrne Chazz Palminteri Top credits Director Bryan Singer Writer Christopher McQuarrie Stars Kevin Spacey Gabriel Byrne Chazz Palminteri See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 152Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #35 Won 2 Oscars 37 wins & 17 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 2:25 The Usual Suspects Photos154 Top cast Edit Kevin Spacey Verbalas Verbal Gabriel Byrne Keatonas Keaton Chazz Palminteri Dave Kujanas Dave Kujan Stephen Baldwin McManusas McManus Benicio Del Toro Fensteras Fenster Kevin Pollak Hockneyas Hockney Pete Postlethwaite Kobayashias Kobayashi Suzy Amis Edie Finneranas Edie Finneran Giancarlo Esposito Jack Baeras Jack Baer Dan Hedaya Jeff Rabinas Jeff Rabin Paul Bartel Smuggleras Smuggler Carl Bressler Saul Bergas Saul Berg Phillipe Simon Fortieras Fortier Jack Shearer Renaultas Renault Christine Estabrook Dr. Plummeras Dr. Plummer Clark Gregg Dr. Waltersas Dr. Walters Morgan Hunter Arkosh Kovashas Arkosh Kovash Ken Daly Translatoras Translator Director Bryan Singer Writer Christopher McQuarrie All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 American History X 8.6 Se7en 8.5 The Departed 8.4 Memento 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.5 Léon 8.5 The Prestige 8.7 Goodfellas 8.6 The Green Mile 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.7 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 8.6 Saving Private Ryan Storyline Edit Following a truck hijack in New York, five criminals are arrested and brought together for questioning. As none of them are guilty, they plan a revenge operation against the police. The operation goes well, but then the influence of a legendary mastermind criminal called Keyser Söze is felt. It becomes clear that each one of them has wronged Söze at some point and must pay back now. The payback job leaves 27 men dead in a boat explosion, but the real question arises now: Who actually is Keyser Söze? —Soumitra surprise endingcriminal mastermindcriminalsuspectunreliable narrator265 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was to convince the world he didn't exist Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence and a substantial amount of strong language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Redfoot flicks his cigarette into the face of McManus, it was originally intended to hit his chest, so McManus' reaction is actually Stephen Baldwin's real unscripted reaction, which Bryan Singer decided to keep in the movie. Goofs When Kobayashi enters the lift with his two bodyguards, Macmanus shoots them. In the next shot we see that Macmanus is sitting on top of the elevator. But the blood of the two bodyguards splashes on the elevator window which in fact should have splashed on the ground since the shots came from above. It can be argued that the blood splashed in all direction and hence came on the window, but Kobayashi who is standing just next to those bodyguards doesn't even have a drop on him. Quotes [last lines] Verbal: After that my guess is that you will never hear from him again. The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did not exist. And like that... he is gone. Crazy credits The editor, John Ottman, edited the movie on film. He felt that all the editing done electronically at the time was horrible because all the good editors were still working on film (which is much more difficult). Because of this he thought about putting "Edited on a piece of s*** Steenbeck" at the end of the credits, but instead settled for the more subtle line "Edited on film." Tim Robbins was directing 'Dead Man Walking' at the time and heard about John's idea, which sparked that film's credit ending of "This film was edited on old machines." Alternate versions The Australian television version left the line-up scene unedited for language. However, all other scenes with strong language, such as McManus's call for payback at the discovery of Finster's body, were shortened or removed. Connections Edited into Keyser Söze: Lie or Legend? (2002) Soundtracks Le sons et les parfums tournent dans l'air du soir Performed by Jon Kull Music by Claude Debussy User reviews1.4K Review Top review The Film That Made Kevin Spacey a Star "The Usual Suspects" is a complicated puzzle of a movie that I bet you can't watch just once. The film deals with five career crooks who have big plans after they are all brought together in a police lineup. However, their mayhem is interrupted by a mysterious character named Kaiser Sose who plans to eliminate all five of the crooks after they all crossed him in various ways during their checkered pasts. An amazing original screenplay and tight direction keep up a substantial amount of tension throughout. Gabriel Byrne, Stephen Baldwin, Benicio Del Toro, Kevin Pollak, Pete Postlethwaite, and Chazz Palminteri all give top-notch performances. But it is Kevin Spacey (in an Oscar-winning part) that makes "The Usual Suspects" work on all levels. This part put him in a higher class of actors and can be compared to Robert DeNiro's star-making job in "The Godfather, Part II". 5 stars out of 5. helpful•184 67 tfrizzell Jun 26, 2000 FAQ11 Is "The Usual Suspects" based on a book? Where does the title come from? Who are the "usual suspects?" Details Edit Release date August 16, 1995 (United States) Countries of origin United States Germany Official site Official Facebook Languages English Hungarian Spanish French Also known as 非常嫌疑犯 Filming locations San Pedro, Los Angeles, California, USA Production companies PolyGram Filmed Entertainment Spelling Films International Blue Parrot See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $6,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $23,341,568 Opening weekend US & Canada $645,363 Aug 20, 1995 Gross worldwide $23,341,568 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 46 minutes Sound mix Dolby SR Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘The Continental’: Peter Greene, Ayomide Adegun, Jeremy Bobb Join Starz’s ‘John Wick’ Prequel Series Nov 10Deadline Film + TV Oscar Winner James Marsh to Direct Samuel Beckett Biopic ‘Dance First,’ Starring Gabriel Byrne (Exclusive) Nov 4Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Usual Suspects (1995) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.