The Fifth Element (1997) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119116/?ref_=ttls_li_i
The Fifth Element (1997) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Fifth Element 19971997 PG-13PG-13 2h 6m IMDb RATING 7.7/10 452K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 282 50 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:26 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr. Zorg at bay.In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr. Zorg at bay.In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr. Zorg at bay. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 452K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 282 50 Director Luc Besson Writers Luc Besson(screenplay by) Robert Mark Kamen(screenplay by) Stars Bruce Willis Milla Jovovich Gary Oldman Top credits Director Luc Besson Writers Luc Besson(screenplay by) Robert Mark Kamen(screenplay by) Stars Bruce Willis Milla Jovovich Gary Oldman See production, box office & company info 909User reviews 188Critic reviews 52Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 10 wins & 39 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 1:26 The Fifth Element Trailer 1:32 The Fifth Element Ultimate Edition DVD Photos228 Top cast Edit Bruce Willis Korben Dallasas Korben Dallas Milla Jovovich Leelooas Leeloo Gary Oldman Zorgas Zorg Ian Holm Corneliusas Cornelius Chris Tucker Ruby Rhodas Ruby Rhod Luke Perry Billyas Billy Brion James General Munroas General Munro Tom Lister Jr. President Lindbergas President Lindberg (as Tommy 'Tiny' Lister Jr.) Lee Evans Fogas Fog Charlie Creed-Miles Davidas David (as Charlie Creed Miles) Tricky Right Armas Right Arm John Neville General Staedertas General Staedert John Bluthal Professor Pacolias Professor Pacoli Mathieu Kassovitz Muggeras Mugger Christopher Fairbank Mactilburghas Mactilburgh Kim Chan Thaias Thai Richard Leaf Neighbouras Neighbour Julie T. Wallace Major Iceborgas Major Iceborg Director Luc Besson Writers Luc Besson(screenplay by) (story by) Robert Mark Kamen(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.0 Twelve Monkeys 7.5 Total Recall 7.2 Starship Troopers 7.0 Independence Day 7.8 Predator 6.7 Armageddon 7.3 Nikita 7.6 Minority Report 8.0 Sin City 7.3 Men in Black 7.9 District 9 7.4 Equilibrium Storyline Edit In the twenty-third century, the universe is threatened by evil. The only hope for mankind is the Fifth Element, who comes to Earth every five thousand years to protect the humans with four stones of the four elements: fire, water, Earth and air. A Mondoshawan spacecraft is bringing The Fifth Element back to Earth but it is destroyed by the evil Mangalores. However, a team of scientists use the DNA of the remains of the Fifth Element to rebuild the perfect being called Leeloo. She escapes from the laboratory and stumbles upon the taxi driver and former elite commando Major Korben Dallas that helps her to escape from the police. Leeloo tells him that she must meet Father Vito Cornelius to accomplish her mission. Meanwhile, the Evil uses the greedy and cruel Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg and a team of mercenary Mangalores to retrieve the stones and avoid the protection of Leeloo. But the skilled Korben Dallas has fallen in love with Leeloo and decides to help her to retrieve the stones. —Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil alienfuturistic cityrace against timefuturetaxi driver327 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It Mu5t Be Found. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sci-fi violence, some sexuality and brief nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The "Divine Language", spoken by Leeloo, was invented by co-writer and director Luc Besson, and further refined by Milla Jovovich, who had little trouble learning and developing it, as she was already fluent in four languages. The language had only four hundred words. He and Milla Jovovich held conversations, and wrote letters to each other in the language as practice. By the end of filming, they were able to have full conversations in this language. Goofs Zorg's limp switches from his right leg to his left leg and then back again several times throughout the film. Quotes Police: Are you classified as human? Korben Dallas: Negative, I am a meat popsicle. Alternate versions In the theatrical release, Korben Dallas initially opens his door after hearing the door chime. He looks into the monitor, sees the empty hallway, opens the door, and then almost gets mugged. This scene was edited for the ABC presentation. Connections Edited into Hollywood Burn (2006) Soundtracks Alech Taadi Performed by Khaled Composed by Khaled © Barclay 1993 Courtesy of Polygram Special Projects User reviews909 Review Top review Multi Pass. Bruce Willis and Milla Jovovich star in this wonderful sci-fi tale. Chock full of killer performances and excellent effects. Korben Dallas is your average ordinary New York taxi driver. Fresh out of the military, unlucky in love and this close to losing his job. One day the ultimate fare literally falls into his lap as Leeloo enters his life via the roof of his cab. Leeloo it seems was genetically manipulated to be the ultimate weapon against pure evil but her beauty and butt-kicking hide a more fragile nature that Dallas and a host of others will have to step up and help her save humanity. This amazing sci-fi adventure from Luc (Leon) Besson has a little something for everyone. Beauty (the gorgeous Jovovich with orange hair even), action and gun-play, excellent acting, amazing visual effects, romance, creative sets and costume design, dynamic and interesting music and a mildly annoying but funny Chris Tucker. You name itthis film has it in spades. 5th Element is hands down one of the best science fiction films ever. I've seen it many times and always want more. I highly recommended it. helpful•419 98 suspiria10 Jan 23, 2005 FAQ10 What is the black liquid that runs down Zorg's head when the great evil talks to him? If it's blood, why does he bleed when there is no wound and even at all? What is 'The Fifth Element' about? Is 'The Fifth Element' based on a book? Details Edit Release date May 7, 1997 (France) Countries of origin France United Kingdom United States Official site Sony Pictures (United States) Languages English Swedish German Arabic Egyptian (Ancient) Also known as 第五元素 Filming locations Royal Opera House, Bow Street, Covent Garden, London, England, UK Production companies Gaumont Pinewood Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $93,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $63,820,180 Opening weekend US & Canada $17,031,345 May 11, 1997 Gross worldwide $263,920,180 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 6 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Nick Moran, Lee Majors, Danny Trejo Starring ‘Renegades’ Boarded by Bleiberg Ahead of AFM Oct 18Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Fifth Element (1997)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.