The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167260/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_7
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 20032003 PG-13PG-13 3h 21m IMDb RATING 8.9/10 1.7M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 332 116 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:02 10 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureDrama Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring.Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring.Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring. IMDb RATING 8.9/10 1.7M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 332 116 Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Return of the King") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) Stars Elijah Wood Viggo Mortensen Ian McKellen Top credits Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Return of the King") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) Stars Elijah Wood Viggo Mortensen Ian McKellen See production, box office & company info 3.9KUser reviews 360Critic reviews 94Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #7 Won 11 Oscars 209 wins & 124 nominations total Videos10 Trailer 2:02 The Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu-ray Clip 3:01 Does Andy Serkis Know How Many Times He's Played Gollum? Clip 1:33 A Guide to the Films of Peter Jackson Clip 1:09 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Clip 1:15 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Clip 0:26 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Clip 0:57 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Clip 0:47 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Clip 1:14 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Video 3:08 Who Else Almost Starred In The Lord of the Rings? Photos972 Top cast Edit Elijah Wood Frodoas Frodo Viggo Mortensen Aragornas Aragorn Ian McKellen Gandalfas Gandalf Orlando Bloom Legolasas Legolas Noel Appleby Everard Proudfootas Everard Proudfoot Ali Astin Elanor Gamgeeas Elanor Gamgee (as Alexandra Astin) Sean Astin Samas Sam David Aston Gondorian Soldier 3as Gondorian Soldier 3 John Bach Madrilas Madril Sean Bean Boromiras Boromir Cate Blanchett Galadrielas Galadriel Billy Boyd Pippinas Pippin Sadwyn Brophy Eldarionas Eldarion Alistair Browning Damrodas Damrod Marton Csokas Celebornas Celeborn Richard Edge Gondorian Soldier 1as Gondorian Soldier 1 Jason Fitch Uruk 2as Uruk 2 Bernard Hill Theodenas Theoden Director Peter Jackson Writers J.R.R. Tolkien(novel "The Return of the King") Fran Walsh(screenplay) Philippa Boyens(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Could Jake Gyllenhaal Save Middle-earth? Could Jake Gyllenhaal Save Middle-earth? It's been 15 years since the Lord of the Rings trilogy ended, but we still can't get enough. Let's look at the stars who missed out on adventures in Middle-earth.Find out 3:08 More like this 8.7 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 8.8 The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 9.0 The Dark Knight 8.7 Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 8.8 Inception 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.7 The Matrix 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.9 Schindler's List 8.8 Fight Club 9.0 The Godfather: Part II 8.6 Star Wars Storyline Edit The final confrontation between the forces of good and evil fighting for control of the future of Middle-earth. Frodo and Sam reach Mordor in their quest to destroy the One Ring, while Aragorn leads the forces of good against Sauron's evil army at the stone city of Minas Tirith. —Jwelch5742 epicorchobbitringmiddle earth461 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The eye of the enemy is moving. Genres Action Adventure Drama Fantasy Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense epic battle sequences and frightening images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Andy Serkis and Elijah Wood were each given prop rings by Peter Jackson used in the movie. They both thought they had the only one. Goofs When Denethor catches fire, he is in the Hallows of Minas Tirith, yet he plummets off the prow of the city, which is "... about a mile..." away. Peter Jackson admitted this in the DVD commentary. Quotes Aragorn: Hold your ground, hold your ground! Sons of Gondor, of Rohan, my brothers! I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of wolves and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! This day we fight! By all that you hold dear on this good Earth, I bid you *stand, Men of the West!* Crazy credits Peter Jackson's and Fran Walsh's children are listed in the credits as 'Cute Gondor children'. In the Fellowship of the Ring, they were 'Cute Hobbit children' and in The Two Towers, they were 'Cute Rohan children'. Alternate versions When Aragorn reveals Anduril to the King of the Dead, some prints of the film has his reply as "That blade was broken", while in other prints his response is "That line was broken." Connections Edited from The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (2001) Soundtracks Into the West Words and Music by Howard Shore, Fran Walsh, and Annie Lennox Performed by Annie Lennox Annie Lennox appears courtesy of BMG Ariola Munchen GmbH User reviews3.9K Review Top review 10/10 15 years on... Still the greatest I've just re-watched The Lord of the Rings trilogy for the 1000th time tonight... nearly 15 years since the Fellowship of the Rings was released... I still haven't seen a movie that's better, nor close, to any of these three films. The casting is perfection as well as the incredible acting by everyone in the movie. I can still watch these movies back to back and not get bored. They are a light to this world and wouldn't be the same without them. I miss the good old LOTR's days. The best movies ever created. The Return of the King was the best way to end a thrilling journey through middle earth! helpful•404 23 jamiedphilips Dec 23, 2015 FAQ38 In the beginning of this movie, Smeagol says to Deagol "Give us that, Deagol, my love". So, are they gay lovers in the book? Is this movie based on a book? Who is the Lord of the Rings? Details Edit Release date March 12, 2004 (China) Countries of origin New Zealand United States Official sites Centrumfilmow Official Facebook Languages English Quenya Old English Sindarin Also known as 指环王：王者无敌 Filming locations Hinuera Valley, Matamata, Waikato, New Zealand Production companies New Line Cinema WingNut Films The Saul Zaentz Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $94,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $377,845,905 Opening weekend US & Canada $72,629,713 Dec 21, 2003 Gross worldwide $1,146,030,912 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 21 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS-ES Dolby Digital EX SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news How ‘Belfast’ and Kenneth Branagh Could Set a New Record at the Oscars Nov 8Variety Film + TV How Kirsten Dunst and ‘Power of The Dog’ Could Make History for Women at the Oscars (Exclusive) Oct 21Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.