The Legend of Zorro (2005) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0386140/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
The Legend of Zorro (2005) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Legend of Zorro 20052005 PGPG 2h 9m IMDb RATING 6.0/10 98K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,300 529 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 3 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureRomance Despite trying to keep his swashbuckling to a minimum, a threat to California's pending statehood causes the adventure-loving Don Alejandro de la Vega and his wife, Elena, to take action.Despite trying to keep his swashbuckling to a minimum, a threat to California's pending statehood causes the adventure-loving Don Alejandro de la Vega and his wife, Elena, to take action.Despite trying to keep his swashbuckling to a minimum, a threat to California's pending statehood causes the adventure-loving Don Alejandro de la Vega and his wife, Elena, to take action. IMDb RATING 6.0/10 98K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,300 529 Director Martin Campbell Writers Roberto Orci(screenplay) Alex Kurtzman(screenplay) Ted Elliott(story) Stars Antonio Banderas Catherine Zeta-Jones Rufus Sewell Top credits Director Martin Campbell Writers Roberto Orci(screenplay) Alex Kurtzman(screenplay) Ted Elliott(story) Stars Antonio Banderas Catherine Zeta-Jones Rufus Sewell See production, box office & company info 261User reviews 70Critic reviews 47Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 3 nominations Videos3 Trailer 2:25 The Legend of Zorro Trailer 2:19 The Legend of Zorro Clip 1:02 The Legend of Zorro Photos109 Top cast Edit Antonio Banderas Don Alejandro de la Vegaas Don Alejandro de la Vega… Catherine Zeta-Jones Elena de la Vegaas Elena de la Vega Rufus Sewell Armandas Armand Alberto Reyes Brother Ignacioas Brother Ignacio Julio Oscar Mechoso Frey Felipeas Frey Felipe Gustavo Sánchez Parra Guillermo Cortezas Guillermo Cortez Adrian Alonso Joaquin de la Vegaas Joaquin de la Vega Nick Chinlund Jacob McGivensas Jacob McGivens Giovanna Zacarías Blanca Cortezas Blanca Cortez (as Giovanna Zacarias) Carlos Cobos Tabuladoras Tabulador Michael Emerson Harriganas Harrigan Shuler Hensley Pikeas Pike Pedro Armendáriz Jr. Governor Rileyas Governor Riley (as Pedro Armendariz) Mary Crosby Governor's Wifeas Governor's Wife Mauricio Bonet Don Verdugoas Don Verdugo Fernando Becerril Don Diazas Don Diaz Xavier Marc Don Robauas Don Robau Pepe Olivares Phineas Gendleras Phineas Gendler Director Martin Campbell Writers Roberto Orci(screenplay) (story) Alex Kurtzman(screenplay) (story) Ted Elliott(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 The Mask of Zorro 6.3 Entrapment 7.2 Desperado 6.5 The Man in the Iron Mask 6.4 Once Upon a Time in Mexico 6.9 Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves 6.5 Zorro 6.6 The 13th Warrior 6.5 National Treasure: Book of Secrets 6.4 The Mummy Returns Django/Zorro 6.9 A Knight's Tale Storyline Edit In 1850--against the backdrop of political unrest, as the scheming Jacob McGivens tries to stop California from joining the Union--the mysterious black-caped masked swordsman, Alejandro de la Vega, aka Zorro, finds himself in an unavoidable predicament. Having spent almost a decade protecting his people and fighting injustice, Alejandro's wife, Elena, insists that he gives up the black mask, and become a true father to their eight-year-old son, Joaquin. However, when Elena leaves him for the French count, Armand, it becomes evident that the conceited aristocrat is up to no good. Can Zorro, the legendary defender of the innocent, save both his marriage and the country? —Nick Riganas abraham lincoln charactergood versus evilgood mangood womanfour word title94 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines This Fall, adventure begins with a Z. Genres Action Adventure Romance Thriller Western Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for sequences of violence/peril and action, language and a couple of suggestive moments Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia A second sequel was dropped, due to this movie not making enough money. However, Robert Rodriguez approached Sony with an idea that the Zorro reboot should be set in a post-apocalyptic future. But, Sony executives wanted the Zorro reboot to be gritty and be in the style of The Dark Knight (2008), showing how Don Diego de la Vega became Zorro. Batman was heavily influenced by Zorro. The reboot was rumored to be titled "Zorro Reborn". Goofs Armand challenges Alejandro to play polo "as they do in Slovenia," which he calls "a country." In 1850, the territory inhabited by Slovenian people was divided into multiple provinces of the Austrian Empire. Slovenia did not become a country until 1991. Also, Slovenia has never been known for having polo players. Even today not a single association of polo players exists in Slovenia. Quotes Zorro: [to his horse who only understands commands in Spanish] We must work on your English. Crazy credits The closing credits list Abraham Lincoln as "President Lincoln". Lincoln was serving his first term on the Illinois State Assembly at the time that the film is set. Connections Featured in De wereld draait door: Episode #1.15 (2005) Soundtracks Rondo Written and Produced by Eduardo Gamboa Performed by The Mexfilm Chamber Orchestra User reviews261 Review Top review 5/10 It's not an Oscar quality film but it could make for a fun night at the movies Antonio Banderas is back under the mask of Zorro, the 19th Century swashbuckler who must face another dangerous mission, although he promised his wife Elena (Catherine Zeta-Jones) that he'd give up his life of adventure for a quiet family life as Alejandro de la Vega. But those who opposed California becoming a state in the Union are planning a new threat that might change their plans. The Mask Of Zorro was a pretty good film. The sequel isn't as good yet it's still enjoyable. I personally would rather have the PG-13 rating but surprisingly the sequel didn't actually suck. I have to give credit to the cast and director. Martin Campbell knows how to direct action and he made this film very entertaining to watch. The story is a little weak and there isn't really anything new to found here but the action makes up for that. The acting is solid just like the first one. Antonio Banderas takes the role of Zorro again and he does a good job. Catherine Zeta Jones returns as Elena and she also does a pretty good job. These two have a lot of chemistry together and they are interesting to watch on screen. The new addition to the cast and the person who almost ruined the film is Adrian Alonso. He plays Joaquin, the son of Zorro and Elena. He has a few funny lines but for the most part, he is really annoying. His role should have been cut since he almost ruined the entire movie. Many people are complaining that the new rating kills the film and I disagree. The fight scenes are tamer and safer when compared to the original. He actually doesn't really use his sword to kill nor is much blood shown. However, the fight scenes are still pretty good and there are a lot of entertaining scenes like the train scene at the end. There were some boring scenes but they didn't last long. Also, the film is really cheesy and some of this does get annoying, nothing too major though. In the end, if you expect something like the original movie than you will end up disappointed. However, if you want something in the vein of National Treasure, a safe family action film, then this sequel is for you and it can really be enjoyed by adults too. Rating 6/10 helpful•30 16 christian123 Nov 6, 2005 FAQ9 What is 'The Legend of Zorro' about? Is 'The Legend of Zorro' based on a book? How many years have passed between the first movie and this one? Details Edit Release date October 28, 2005 (China) Countries of origin United States Mexico Official sites Columbia Tristar (France) Sony Pictures (United States) Languages English Spanish Also known as Zorro Unmasked Filming locations Wellington, New Zealand Production companies Columbia Pictures Tornado Productions Inc. Amblin Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $75,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $46,464,023 Opening weekend US & Canada $16,328,506 Oct 30, 2005 Gross worldwide $142,400,065 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Dolby SR Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Hulu New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek ‘The Protégé’ Director Martin Campbell on How You Choreograph a Michael Keaton Action Scene [Interview] Aug 19Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Legend of Zorro (2005) in India?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.