The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (2003) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0311429?ref_=rlm
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (2003) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen 20032003 PG-13PG-13 1h 50m IMDb RATING 5.8/10 173K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,965 396 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:27 2 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureFantasy In an alternate Victorian Age world, a group of famous contemporary fantasy, science fiction, and adventure characters team up on a secret mission.In an alternate Victorian Age world, a group of famous contemporary fantasy, science fiction, and adventure characters team up on a secret mission.In an alternate Victorian Age world, a group of famous contemporary fantasy, science fiction, and adventure characters team up on a secret mission. IMDb RATING 5.8/10 173K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,965 396 Director Stephen Norrington Writers Alan Moore(comic books) Kevin O'Neill(comic books) James Robinson(screenplay) Stars Sean Connery Stuart Townsend Peta Wilson Top credits Director Stephen Norrington Writers Alan Moore(comic books) Kevin O'Neill(comic books) James Robinson(screenplay) Stars Sean Connery Stuart Townsend Peta Wilson See production, box office & company info 852User reviews 201Critic reviews 30Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 12 nominations Videos2 Trailer 1:27 The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Trailer 0:34 The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen Photos211 Top cast Edit Sean Connery Allan Quatermainas Allan Quatermain Stuart Townsend Dorian Grayas Dorian Gray Peta Wilson Mina Harkeras Mina Harker Jason Flemyng Dr. Henry Jekyllas Dr. Henry Jekyll… Naseeruddin Shah Captain Nemoas Captain Nemo Tony Curran Rodney Skinneras Rodney Skinner Shane West Tom Sawyeras Tom Sawyer Richard Roxburgh Mas M Max Ryan Danteas Dante Tom Goodman-Hill Sanderson Reedas Sanderson Reed David Hemmings Nigelas Nigel Terry O'Neill Ishmaelas Ishmael Rudolf Pellar Draperas Draper Robert Willox Constable Dunningas Constable Dunning Robert Orr Running Officeras Running Officer Michael McGuffie Copper #1as Copper #1 Joel Kirby Copper #2as Copper #2 Marek Vasut Soldieras Soldier Director Stephen Norrington Writers Alan Moore(comic books) Kevin O'Neill(comic books) James Robinson(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.3 Entrapment 6.5 DragonHeart 6.1 Van Helsing 6.8 Hellboy 6.0 First Knight 5.7 The Last Minute 4.2 Highlander II: The Quickening 7.4 The Rock 7.1 Highlander 7.0 Hellboy II: The Golden Army 6.1 Medicine Man 5.7 Fantastic Four Storyline Edit Renowned adventurer Allan Quatermain leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as "The Fantom". This "League" comprises seafarer and inventor Captain Nemo, vampire Mina Harker, an invisible man named Rodney Skinner, American Secret Service Agent Tom Sawyer, the ageless and invincible Dorian Gray, and the dangerous split personality of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. victorian eralibraryyear 1899steampunkmina murray character283 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines From the Director of Blade Genres Action Adventure Fantasy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of fantasy violence, language and innuendo Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia At one point, Peta Wilson does a humorous impersonation of Sir Sean Connery's voice. According to Wilson, this was a last-minute addition to the scene, and she felt nervous doing it, since Connery impersonations were considered a no-no on the set. Before the shoot, she called Connery and offered not to do the accent, but he insisted she should. Afterwards, she asked him what he thought. He replied, "You were great!" She was taken aback and asked if he really meant it. He said, "Yeah, it's terrible! It's the worst impersonation I have ever heard, and it's perfect." Goofs When the League first sees Nemo's transportation, no one knows what to call it until Nemo tells them that it's an "automobile." Later, when the League is racing through Venice, Quatermain tells Sawyer to take the "car." If they had never seen or heard of an automobile, how would he know to call it a car? Actually, in British dialect "car" is used to mean any wheeled vehicle, and the word's usage pre-dates the invention of the automobile by centuries: c.1350 Middle English carra, from Anglo-French carre, from Latin carrum, orig. "two-wheeled Celtic war chariot," from Gaul. So it really is not surprising that Quatermain would refer to the vehicle as a car. Quotes Mina Harker: You're sweet... and you're young. Neither are traits that I hold in high regard. Crazy credits The 20th Century Fox logo fades into a sign on the London skyline. Alternate versions For the Swedish release, approximately 33 seconds were cut from various violent scenes in order to receive an 11 certification. Connections Edited into 2003 MLB All-Star Game (2003) Soundtracks Son of Africa Score lyrics written by Joseph Shabalala Score vocal performance by Ladysmith Black Mambazo Ladysmith Black Mambazo appears courtesy of Gallo Records Company User reviews852 Review Top review 6/10 Saturday Matinee the LXG way. Well, I just came out of the theater after having viewed LXG. First off, I do not think it was a bad movie. While i would not recommend it as a must see movie, I certainly didn't find it to be a waste of my time. Sure, some plot points could have been developed more/better, but hey, I didn't walk in expecting Shakespeare. Though I haven't read the graphic novel on which the film is based, I have read that both the graphic novel and the movie take place in a reality alternate from both out history and our literary canons; which means that even though Stoker never wrote Mina as turning into a vampire, it's okay for LXG to take the license to do so. And so on and so forth. Yes, it would have been nice to see Connery make his character a little more swashbuckling. But maybe that was the writing. I almost loathe watching anything with Peta Wilson, but i found here surprisingly interesting in this movie. In fact, other than Tom Sawyer's character seeming a bit incomprehensible, I think the other Leaguers were pretty interesting. But what was the deal with the bad guy, "M"? I thought his M.O. was even more pointless and less fleshed-out out than any of the flattest Bond villains I've had the displeasure of seeing. It was just a badly written character. Just a word or two about the Mr. Hyde F/X, the CGI wizards of the Hulk could take a clue. Sure, both characters were CGI rendered, but Mr. Hyde's size carried a credible degree of mass and weight, whereas the Hulk often moved as if mass-less, making him seem too two dimensional. All in all, I give the movie a respectable 6/10. helpful•43 24 leyenda61 Jul 11, 2003 FAQ8 Is 'The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen' based on a book? Who are the extraordinary "gentlemen" in the league? Is Skinner supposed to be "The Invisible Man"? Details Edit Release date July 11, 2003 (United States) Countries of origin United States Germany Czech Republic United Kingdom Languages English German Italian Also known as LXG: The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Filming locations Prague, Czech Republic Production companies Angry Films International Production Company JD Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $78,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $66,465,204 Opening weekend US & Canada $23,075,892 Jul 13, 2003 Gross worldwide $179,265,204 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 50 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Last Night In Soho Writer Remembers Penny Dreadful: 'We Were Just Too Soon, Weren't We?' [Exclusive] Oct 29Slash Film Alan Moore's The Show Looks Surreal and Wonderful [Trailer] Sep 16QuietEarth.us Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (2003) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.