The Suicide Squad (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6334354/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_31
The Suicide Squad (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Suicide Squad 20212021 RR 2h 12m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 247K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 31 4 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:25 30 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureComedy Supervillains Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote, ... Read allSupervillains Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote, enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese.Supervillains Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote, enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 247K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 31 4 Director James Gunn Writer James Gunn Stars Margot Robbie Idris Elba John Cena Top credits Director James Gunn Writer James Gunn Stars Margot Robbie Idris Elba John Cena See production, box office & company info 3.1KUser reviews 351Critic reviews 72Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 1 nomination Videos30 Trailer 2:25 Official "Rain" Trailer Trailer 2:25 Rebellion Trailer Trailer 2:58 Red Band Trailer Trailer 1:52 Character Roll Call Trailer 2:32 The Suicide Squad Trailer 2:32 The Suicide Squad Trailer 2:58 The Suicide Squad Trailer 1:52 The Suicide Squad Clip 1:54 All About David Dastmalchian Clip 1:29 Why John Cena's Peacemaker Gets 'The Suicide Squad' Spin-Off Clip 4:19 'The Suicide Squad' Reveals Why Ratcatcher 2 Has the Best Superpower Clip 1:35 A Guide to the Films of James Gunn Photos466 Top cast Edit Margot Robbie Harley Quinnas Harley Quinn Idris Elba Bloodsportas Bloodsport John Cena Peacemakeras Peacemaker Joel Kinnaman Colonel Rick Flagas Colonel Rick Flag Michael Rooker Savantas Savant Viola Davis Amanda Walleras Amanda Waller John Ostrander Doctor Fitzgibbonas Doctor Fitzgibbon Nathan Fillion T.D.K.as T.D.K. Jai Courtney Captain Boomerangas Captain Boomerang Flula Borg Javelinas Javelin Mayling Ng Mongalas Mongal Pete Davidson Blackguardas Blackguard Sean Gunn Weaselas Weasel… Stephen Blackehart Briscoeas Briscoe Steve Agee John Economosas John Economos… Tinashe Kajese Flo Crawleyas Flo Crawley (as Tinashe Kajese-Bolden) Jennifer Holland Emilia Harcourtas Emilia Harcourt Fernando Martinez Sliced Dome Soldadoas Sliced Dome Soldado Director James Gunn Writer James Gunn All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.7 Black Widow 7.2 Free Guy 8.3 Loki 5.9 Suicide Squad 7.5 John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum: HBO First Look 8.4 Joker 7.5 What If...? 6.7 Venom 8.4 Avengers: Endgame 7.4 Cruella 8.1 Zack Snyder's Justice League 6.1 Birds of Prey: And the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn Storyline Edit In exchange for lighter sentences, just like the anti-hero team in Suicide Squad (2016), a new batch of Belle Reve's meta-humans strike a deal with the cold head of Task Force X, Amanda Waller. This time, her ragtag band of super-powered convicts--Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker, King Shark, Polka-Dot Man, and Ratcatcher 2--venture into the peril-laden South American island nation of Corto Maltese to find the Thinker: the evil scientist in charge of the mysterious Project Starfish. But, as the band joins forces with an old leader of the notorious team, humankind is on the verge of extinction. Can the expendable Suicide Squad stop the new menace that could mean the end of the world as we know it? —Nick Riganas superherobased on comicdc comicssuperheroinekaiju405 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines They're dying to save the world. Genres Action Adventure Comedy Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence and gore, language throughout, some sexual references, drug use and brief graphic nudity Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia As for how director James Gunn got Sylvester Stallone to voice the role of Nanaue/King Shark, it didn't take a whole lot of convincing. Gunn said to him, "I wrote this role for you in The Suicide Squad. It won't take too much of your time." Stallone replied, "Oh yeah?" To which Gunn said, "Yeah. It's a big, kinda chubby, human-eating shark." To which Stallone said, "Anything for you, brother." Goofs At 31:53 three members of crew are visible as the squad walk through the jungle. Quotes Young Cleo: Why rats, Papa? Ratcatcher: Rats are the lowliest and most despised of all creatures, my love. But if they have purpose, so do we all. Crazy credits There is a scene in the closing credits: Weasel wakes up on the Corto Maltese beach and runs into the jungle. Connections Featured in AniMat's Crazy Cartoon Cast: The Diamond in the Rough (2018) Soundtracks Folsom Prison Blues Written by Johnny Cash (as John R. Cash) Performed by Johnny Cash Courtesy of Columbia Nashville By arrangement with Sony Music Entertainment User reviews3.1K Review Top review 8/10 Exceeded my expectations "I cherish peace with all my heart. I don't care how many men, women, and children I need to kill to get it." The first thing that came to mind in the opening sequences of the film was wow there is a lot of gore, especially compared to the first film. I feel like the film makers took on criticism from the first movie and put improvements into this. To me, this was basically like an Avengers movie aimed at adults with violence, gore and swearing. The film is filled with a great cast who all do a terrific job, especially Margot Robbie, I couldn't see anyone else doing the role of Harley Quinn. She is to Harley what Heath Ledger was to the joker. The movie is filled with funny one liners and never takes itself too seriously. I felt the first Suicide Squad was bordering too much pretty humour and seriousness and wasn't sure what it was. This reboot blends humour and seriousness perfectly. Some of the scenes between John Cena and Idris Elba were hilarious, as well as the lines from King Shark. I wasn't expecting a whole lot from this to be honest based on the first film, but this delivers exactly what you would expect from a team of anti-heroes, it's funny, entertaining and aimed at a mature audience, and for me it's an 8/10. helpful•315 329 Leungzy Jul 29, 2021 FAQ7 Is this a sequel mission to Suicide Squad (2016) or a remake? Did Blackguard really manage on his own while in prison to contact the Corto Maltesian military about the mission on their soil, or did Waller allow him to make contact to as to make the distraction for the other team more effective? How is Harley Quinn part of The Suicide Squad ? I mean after what happened in Birds of Prey. The events of that movie wasn't even mentioned. Details Edit Release date July 30, 2021 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United States Canada United Kingdom Official sites Facebook Instagram Language English Also known as X特遣队：全员集结 Filming locations Panama Production companies Warner Bros. DC Entertainment Atlas Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $185,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $55,800,219 Opening weekend US & Canada $26,205,415 Aug 8, 2021 Gross worldwide $167,400,219 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 12 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Atmos Sonics-DDP Dolby Digital IMAX 6-Track Aspect ratio 1.90 : 1 Related news Sylvester Stallone confirms return for Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 Nov 16Flickeringmyth Daniela Melchior and François Arnaud join Liam Neeson thriller Marlowe Nov 16Flickeringmyth Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the running time for The Suicide Squad (2021)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.