The Concorde... Airport '79 (1979) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078740?ref_=rlm
The Concorde... Airport '79 (1979) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Concorde... Airport '79 19791979 PGPG 1h 53m IMDb RATING 4.5/10 6.1K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:53 2 Videos 86 Photos ActionDramaThriller A supersonic airborne disaster. In order to survive a flight headed for the Moscow Olympics, passengers of the Concorde must endure aerial acrobatics to dodge missiles and survive a device t... Read allA supersonic airborne disaster. In order to survive a flight headed for the Moscow Olympics, passengers of the Concorde must endure aerial acrobatics to dodge missiles and survive a device that decompresses the plane.A supersonic airborne disaster. In order to survive a flight headed for the Moscow Olympics, passengers of the Concorde must endure aerial acrobatics to dodge missiles and survive a device that decompresses the plane. IMDb RATING 4.5/10 6.1K YOUR RATING Rate Director David Lowell Rich Writers Arthur Hailey(novel "Airport") Jennings Lang(story) Eric Roth(screenplay) Stars Alain Delon Susan Blakely Robert Wagner Top credits Director David Lowell Rich Writers Arthur Hailey(novel "Airport") Jennings Lang(story) Eric Roth(screenplay) Stars Alain Delon Susan Blakely Robert Wagner See production, box office & company info 94User reviews 48Critic reviews 39Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 nominations Videos2 Trailer 2:53 Official Trailer Video 28:37 Sneak Previews Season 2 Episode 6 Photos86 Top cast Edit Alain Delon Capt. Paul Metrandas Capt. Paul Metrand Susan Blakely Maggie Whelanas Maggie Whelan Robert Wagner Dr. Kevin Harrisonas Dr. Kevin Harrison George Kennedy Capt. Joe Patronias Capt. Joe Patroni Sylvia Kristel Isabelleas Isabelle Eddie Albert Eli Sandsas Eli Sands Bibi Andersson Francineas Francine Charo Margaritaas Margarita John Davidson Robert Palmeras Robert Palmer Andrea Marcovicci Alicia Rogovas Alicia Rogov Martha Raye Lorettaas Loretta Cicely Tyson Elaineas Elaine Jimmie Walker Boisieas Boisie David Warner Peter O'Neillas Peter O'Neill Mercedes McCambridge Nellias Nelli Avery Schreiber Coach Markovas Coach Markov Sybil Danning Amyas Amy Monica Lewis Gretchenas Gretchen Director David Lowell Rich Writers Arthur Hailey(novel "Airport") Jennings Lang(story) Eric Roth(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.7 Airport 1975 5.7 Airport '77 6.6 Airport 5.9 Earthquake 5.0 Meteor 6.3 Rollercoaster 4.7 Beyond the Poseidon Adventure 5.7 Skyjacked 6.2 Two-Minute Warning 6.2 Gray Lady Down 4.6 When Time Ran Out... 7.0 The Towering Inferno Storyline Edit This last film in the 'Airport 'series ends fast - with an SST (supersonic transport); Concorde. Joe Patroni (George Kennedy) Murray deal with nuclear missiles being fired at the'speed-bird' (the actual British Concorde's ATC name) as a passenger on-board is carrying documents which can bring down the titan of a large military contractor, and in order to prevent this, the CEO tries to arrange for the plane's mid-air destructoon, using the French air force as a patsy.who are under the impression they're bringing down a compromised plane. —Huggo female stockinged feetconcordeairportmissiledancing287 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines At twice the speed of sound, can the Concorde evade attack? Genres Action Drama Thriller Certificate PG Parents guide Add content advisory Did you know Edit Trivia The Concorde featured in the film was the seventh one built. It first flew as F-WTSC on January 31, 1975, as part of the fleet of the aircraft company Aérospatiale. In May 1975, the registration number was changed to F-BTSC, with its serial number being No. 203. The plane was leased from Aerospatiale (France) for the movie, leased to Air France in 1976, and sold to them in October 1980. Pope John Paul II flew on the plane in 1989. The actual plane used in this film crashed in Gonesse, France, on July 25, 2000, while trying to make an emergency landing at Le Bourget Airport (the same airport as in the movie). A metallic strip on the runway at Charles de Gaulle Airport had fallen from a Continental Airlines DC-10 (that had taken off minutes earlier) and punctured a tire on the Concorde's left main wheel, rupturing a fuel tank, with the leaking fuel catching fire and causing the plane to lose power. All 107 passengers and crew on-board, plus four people on the ground were killed. Goofs The Concorde was not designed to perform a loop-the-loop, but it could do a barrel-roll. Considering the power available, if the plane were below mach speeds and the loop were large enough, it is possible for such a maneuver to work. Quotes Peter O'Neill: Last night I woke up in a cold sweat, I dreamt I was being chased by a giant banana. Alternate versions José Ferrer appears in the footage added to the film when it was shown on ABC-TV. He does not appear in the theatrical release. Connections Featured in Sneak Previews: Sunburn, Americathon, Hot Stuff, Meatballs, The Concorde: Airport '79 (1979) User reviews94 Review Top review 4/10 Faster than the speed of sound  And sillier than anything you can ever imagine! All the entries in the 70's disaster movie franchise "Airport" – a total of four movies spread over one decade – have been chastised by critics as well as regular action movie fanatics for being too grotesque and ludicrous. Me, personally, I liked the three previous installments a lot, but I can't but admit that the swan song in the series is a completely laughable effort. The supposedly adrenalin-rushing script is absurd, the stereotypical characters are cartoonish, the acting performances are wooden and the action sequences are downright hilarious. The set-up and plot of "The Concorde" is faithful to the previous movies. We have a cast full of acclaimed names, often in inferior little roles, and a screenplay that brings together pretty much everything that can go wrong on an intercontinental flight. The prestigious Concorde aircraft is ready to fly from New York to Paris and then onwards towards Moscow in celebration of the 1980 Olympics. One of the passengers is the female journalist Maggie Whelan, who's in possession of some important evidence that will unmask her ex-fiancée Kevin Harrison as an illegal weapon dealer. It's most vital for him that Maggie never reaches Moscow and thus he tries to kill her, as well as the rest of the Concorde passengers and crew, subsequently through nuclear missiles and sabotage. Luckily for the passengers, the Concorde has two of the world's biggest macho men behind the steering wheel with the French Captain Paul Metrand and the American veteran pilot Joe Patroni. "The Concorde: Airport 79" is a dumb and fairly pathetic film, but fortunately enough it remains amusing and never bores for one second. The sight of an hi-tech advanced airplane making loops in order to evade missiles is definitely bad in an entertaining way and the hammy performances of A-list stars are fun to observe as well. Particularly Robert Wagner is tremendous as the villain. With his straight face and eloquent monologues, he represents the prototype of Bond-movie villains and I strongly suspect that Mike Myers hired him to play Number Two in the Austin Powers' movie solely based on his performance here. Alain Delon looks quite bored and soft-erotica star Sylvia "Emmanuelle" Kristel is rather unnoticeable when she keeps her clothes on. Fun bloke George Kennedy is the only actor who appeared in all four of the "Airport" movies, so it's truly a shame that he plays his biggest role in the worst of the series. The dialogs are lame and some of the clichéd sub plots are horrendous (does there really have to be an emergency donor organ transport in every disaster movie?), but I certainly didn't regret the two hours of my life that I wasted on watching this film. helpful•10 4 Coventry Jun 20, 2010 Details Edit Release date August 17, 1979 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English French Spanish Also known as Airport '79 Filming locations Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Roissy-en-France, Val-d'Oise, France Production company Universal Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $14,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $13,015,688 Gross worldwide $13,015,688 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 53 minutes Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Mercedes McCambridge Centennial: "Charlie's Angels" & "Bewitched" Mar 16FilmExperience Mercedes McCambridge in "The Concorde... Airport '79" Mar 15FilmExperience Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Concorde... Airport '79 (1979) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.