The Civil War (TV Mini Series 1990) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098769/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=12230b0e-0e00-43ed-9e59-8d5353703cce&pf_rd_r=F1T92JWP35CW5954KDW6&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=toptv&ref_=chttvtp_tt_35
The Civil War (TV Mini Series 1990) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Civil War TV Mini Series 19901990 TV-14TV-14 11h 20m IMDb RATING 9.0/10 15K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,209 6 Episode guide Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics All topics Play trailer2:23 2 Videos 22 Photos DocumentaryHistoryWar A comprehensive survey of the American Civil War.A comprehensive survey of the American Civil War.A comprehensive survey of the American Civil War. IMDb RATING 9.0/10 15K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,209 6 Stars David McCullough Sam Waterston Julie Harris Top credits Stars David McCullough Sam Waterston Julie Harris See production, box office & company info 87User reviews 14Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated TV #35 Won 2 Primetime Emmys 13 wins & 3 nominations total Episodes9 Browse episodes TopTop-rated 1 Season 1990 Videos2 Trailer 2:23 The Civil War: A Film By Ken Burns (At Bull Run) Trailer 1:14 The Civil War Photos22 Top cast Edit David McCullough Self - Narratoras Self - Narrator9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Sam Waterston President Abraham Lincolnas President Abraham Lincoln9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Julie Harris Mary Chestnutas Mary Chestnut9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Jason Robards Ulysses S. Grantas Ulysses S. Grant9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Morgan Freeman Frederick Douglassas Frederick Douglass…9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Paul Roebling Joshua L. Chamberlainas Joshua L. Chamberlain…9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Garrison Keillor Walt Whitmanas Walt Whitman…9 episodes9 eps • 1990 George Black Robert E. Leeas Robert E. Lee9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Arthur Miller William Tecumseh Shermanas William Tecumseh Sherman…9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Christopher Murney Pvt. Elijah Hunt Rhodesas Pvt. Elijah Hunt Rhodes9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Charles McDowell Pvt. Sam Watkinsas Pvt. Sam Watkins9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Horton Foote Jefferson Davisas Jefferson Davis9 episodes9 eps • 1990 George Plimpton George Templeton Strongas George Templeton Strong…9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Philip Bosco Horace Greeleyas Horace Greeley…9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Terry Courier George McClellanas George McClellan9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Jody Powell Stonewall Jacksonas Stonewall Jackson…9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Studs Terkel Benjamin F. Butleras Benjamin F. Butler9 episodes9 eps • 1990 Jeremy Irons Variousas Various9 episodes9 eps • 1990 All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 9.1 The Vietnam War 9.0 Apocalypse: La 2ème guerre mondiale 9.0 The War 9.2 The World at War 8.9 Africa 9.2 Baseball 9.0 Frozen Planet 9.0 Dekalog 9.0 Human Planet 9.1 Life 9.0 The Blue Planet 7.5 Brooklyn Bridge Storyline Edit This highly acclaimed mini-series traces the course of the U.S. Civil War from the abolitionist movement through all the major battles to the death of President Lincoln and the beginnings of Reconstruction. The story is mostly told in the words of the participants themselves, through their diaries and letters. Visuals are usually still photographs and illustrations of the time, and the soundtrack is likewise made up of war-era tunes played on period instruments. Several modern-day historians offer periodic comment and insight on the war's causes and events. —Eric Sorensen <Eric_Sorensen@fc.mcps.k12.md.us> ulysses s. grant characterabraham lincoln characterrobert e. lee characteramerican civil wartv mini series10 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines It divided a country. It created a nation. Genres Documentary History War Certificate TV-14 Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Shelby Foote became a celebrity after the success of this mini-series. Foote's phone number was listed in his local phone book, and he received frequent calls from fans. He never removed his number from the phone book, and received calls whenever the mini-series aired for the rest of his life. Goofs Contrary to this documentary (and many historians) Winfield Scott never recommended Robet E. Lee for anything more than a "significant command" nor did Lincoln offer Lee command of the Union Army. An advisor to the President, Francis P. Blair, DID offer Lee command of the Defenses of Washington, via letter, but there are NO records that Lee. An Lincoln ever met in person. Quotes Narrator: A week before the battle of Bull Run, Sullivan Ballou, a major in the 2nd Rhode Island Volunteers, wrote home to his wife in Smithfield. Sullivan Ballou: July 14, 1861. Washington, D.C. Dear Sarah, indications are very strong that we shall move in a few days-perhaps tomorrow. Lest I should not be able to write again, I feel impelled to write a few lines that may fall under your eye when I'm no more. I have no misgivings about, or lack of confidence in, the cause in which I'm engaged, and my courage does not halt or falter. I know how American Civilization now leans upon the triumph of the Government, and how great a debt we owe to those who went before us through the Revolution. And I am willing, perfectly willing, to lay down all the joys in this life, to help maintain this Government and to pay that debt. Sarah, my love for you is deathless. It seems to bind me with mighty cables that nothing but Omnipotence can break. Yet my love of Country comes over me like a strong wind, bearing me irresistibly with all these chains to the battlefield. The memories of all the blissful moments I've enjoyed with you come crowding over me. And I feel most deeply grateful to God and you that I've enjoyed them for so long. How hard it is to give them up and burn to ashes the hopes of future years, when God willing, we might still have lived and loved each other and seen our boys grown to honorable manhood around us. If I do not return, my dear Sarah, never forget how much I loved you. Nor that when my last breath escapes me on the battlefield, it will whisper your name. Forgive my many faults and the many pains I have caused you. How thoughtless, how foolish I have sometimes been. But, oh, Sarah, if the dead can come back to this earth and flit unseen around those they love, I'll always be with you; in the brightest day and the darkest night, always. Always. And when the soft breeze fans your cheek, it shall be my breath. Or the cool air at your throbbing temple, it shall be my spirit passing by. Sarah, do not mourn me dead. Think I am gone, and wait for me, for we shall meet again. Narrator: Sullivan Ballou was killed a week later at the First Battle of Bull Run. Connections Featured in Entertainment Weekly's the New Classics: TV (2008) Soundtracks Ashokan Farewell Written by Jay Ungar Performed by Fiddle Fever User reviews87 Review Top review 10/10 Absolute perfection! Ken Burns is a genius and we owe him a huge debt of gratitude for making this wonderful documentary on the American civil war. Even though this is several hours long, I have watched it over and over and still never tire of it. Each time I see it I learn something new. The voices doing the various parts are perfect, the pictures are perfect, EVERYTHING IS PERFECT! From the experienced historian to the novice all will enjoy this. So many things touched my soul from the start of the war to that lovely true letter from the soldier, Sullivan Ballough written to his wife when he knew he would die... (many tears were shed at this point) to the end. In my opinion I could comment on this for pages and pages but no matter what I said it could not show my depth of gratitude for seeing this masterpiece. It will go down as the best documentary ever about the civil war. helpful•23 7 jnwa3 Sep 13, 2004 Details Edit Release date September 23, 1990 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Fuqarolar urushi Production companies American Documentaries Inc. Florentine Films Kenneth Lauren Burns See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 11 hours 20 minutes Color Color Sound mix Stereo Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Reza Sixo Safai Nov 9Trailers from Hell ‘Gradually, Then Suddenly: The Bankruptcy Of Detroit’ Wins $200K Library Of Congress Lavine/Ken Burns Documentary Prize Oct 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Civil War (1990) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page Add episode More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.