The Deer Hunter (1978) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077416/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_187
The Deer Hunter (1978) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Deer Hunter 19781978 RR 3h 3m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 326K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 867 94 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:45 5 Videos 99+ Photos DramaWar An in-depth examination of the ways in which the Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of several friends in a small steel mill town in Pennsylvania.An in-depth examination of the ways in which the Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of several friends in a small steel mill town in Pennsylvania.An in-depth examination of the ways in which the Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of several friends in a small steel mill town in Pennsylvania. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 326K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 867 94 Director Michael Cimino Writers Michael Cimino(story) Deric Washburn(story) Louis Garfinkle(story) Stars Robert De Niro Christopher Walken John Cazale Top credits Director Michael Cimino Writers Michael Cimino(story) Deric Washburn(story) Louis Garfinkle(story) Stars Robert De Niro Christopher Walken John Cazale See production, box office & company info 1.1KUser reviews 143Critic reviews 86Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #187 Won 5 Oscars 24 wins & 27 nominations total Videos5 Trailer 2:45 The Deer Hunter Clip 3:20 Who Are the "Hunters"? Video 3:08 25 Movies That Almost Starred Robert De Niro Video 1:52 Which Movie Scarred Charlize Theron for Life? Video 1:18 'The Deer Hunter' | Anniversary Mashup Photos242 Top cast Edit Robert De Niro Michaelas Michael Christopher Walken Nickas Nick John Cazale Stanas Stan John Savage Stevenas Steven Meryl Streep Lindaas Linda George Dzundza Johnas John Chuck Aspegren Axelas Axel Shirley Stoler Steven's Motheras Steven's Mother Rutanya Alda Angelaas Angela Pierre Segui Julienas Julien Mady Kaplan Axel's Girlas Axel's Girl Amy Wright Bridesmaidas Bridesmaid Mary Ann Haenel Stan's Girlas Stan's Girl Richard Kuss Linda's Fatheras Linda's Father Joe Grifasi Bandleaderas Bandleader Christopher Colombi Jr. Wedding Manas Wedding Man Victoria Karnafel Sad Looking Girlas Sad Looking Girl Jack Scardino Cold Old Manas Cold Old Man Director Michael Cimino Writers Michael Cimino(story) Deric Washburn(story) (screenplay) Louis Garfinkle(story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Platoon 8.2 Raging Bull 8.4 Apocalypse Now 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.2 Casino 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.2 Chinatown 8.2 The Great Escape 6.8 Heaven's Gate 8.3 The Sting 8.2 Unforgiven 8.1 The Bridge on the River Kwai Storyline Edit Michael, Steven and Nicky are 3 best friends who enjoy going deer hunting quite often. These men get enlisted to head to Vietnam to fight for their country and celebrate with a farewell party, as well as Steven marrying a pregnant woman named "Angela." After the horrors during the war and edge-grabbing games of Russian Roulette that these men are forced to play, Michael returns home and realizes that his deer hunting outings aren't the same as they used to be, because of the war and he eventually finds out that Steven is handicapped and Nicky hasn't returned from Vietnam, and in response, he heads back to Vietnam to rescue him. —Koen Versieck russian roulettevietnam war veteranvietnam warwedding receptionamerican imperialism308 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines One of the most important and powerful films of all time! Genres Drama War Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Co-writer and director Michael Cimino convinced Christopher Walken to spit in Robert De Niro's face. When Walken actually did it, De Niro was completely shocked, as evidenced by his reaction. In fact, De Niro was so furious about it, he nearly left the set. Cimino later said of Walken, "He's got courage!" Goofs When Michael comes back from Vietnam he has a full beard while in uniform. He would not have been able to leave Vietnam in uniform until haircut and facial hair complies with uniform regulation AR 670-1. Quotes Nick: I'm thinking about the deer. Going to 'Nam. I like the trees, you know? I like the way that the trees are on mountains, all the different... the way the trees are. Crazy credits We gratefully acknowledge the cooperation of our Thai crew in the production of "The Deer Hunter" Alternate versions The Region 2 Spain DVD is cut for violence. Connections Featured in Sneak Previews: The China Syndrome/Fast Break/Once in Paris.../The Deer Hunter (1979) Soundtracks Can't Take My Eyes Off You (1967) (uncredited) Written by Bob Gaudio and Bob Crewe Performed by Frankie Valli Published by BMI Records by arrangement with Rhino Records Inc. User reviews1.1K Review Top review 10/10 It was 1978 and everyone in the audience was about to wet their pants No, this is not the best film about the Vietnam War; it's hardly about Vietnam at all. The vets who don't like it have it wrong, as do the Vietnamese who found it racist. It could be any war, with any combatants. But because the (primary) victims here are recognizable American archetypes, Americans will feel this in their gut more than any other war film I know of. This is one of the very few post-war Hollywood films that shows a sincere reverence for the lives of small town Americans. After seeing it in a very high quality theater on its initial release, I walked out thinking it was easily one of the best movies I had ever seen - and that I never wanted to see it again. But I looked at it today on cable and found that not much had changed about it, or me. I don't want to see it again...but I want you to see it. Even now, the Russian Roulette scene (in context, people: watch all that comes before it first) is the single most intense sequence I've seen; it makes the end of "Reservoir Dogs" seem like a cartoon. Best Walken performance, period. Meryl Streep glows, DeNiro has seldom been more affecting. A unique classic...it is not surprising that Cimino didn't have another movie in him after something this wrenching. helpful•380 107 yawn-2 Apr 6, 2006 FAQ7 What does Michael mean when he says "This is this"? How did Steve become a paraplegic? How did the guys end up in the same combat unit during the war? Does the army keep childhood friends together after they begin serving in the military? Details Edit Release date February 23, 1979 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Universal Pictures Home Entertainment (United States) Languages English Vietnamese French Russian Cantonese Also known as 猎鹿人 Filming locations St. Theodosius Russian Orthodox Church - 733 Starkweather Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio, USA Production companies EMI Films Universal Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $15,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $48,979,328 Gross worldwide $49,074,379 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 3 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘What More Could You Ask For?’ Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese Revisit ‘Raging Bull’ at 4K Restoration Screening Nov 3Variety Film + TV Best Memoirs by Filmmakers: Akira Kurosawa, Oliver Stone, and More Nov 1Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Deer Hunter (1978)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.