The Nightingale (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4068576/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
The Nightingale (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Nightingale 20182018 RR 2h 16m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 26K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 207 283 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:20 5 Videos 99+ Photos AdventureDramaThriller Set in 1825, Clare, a young Irish convict woman, chases a British officer through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her fam... Read allSet in 1825, Clare, a young Irish convict woman, chases a British officer through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. On the way she enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, who is also... Read allSet in 1825, Clare, a young Irish convict woman, chases a British officer through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. On the way she enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, who is also marked by trauma from his own violence-filled past. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 26K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 207 283 Director Jennifer Kent Writer Jennifer Kent Stars Aisling Franciosi Maya Christie Baykali Ganambarr Top credits Director Jennifer Kent Writer Jennifer Kent Stars Aisling Franciosi Maya Christie Baykali Ganambarr See production, box office & company info 342User reviews 181Critic reviews 77Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 25 wins & 37 nominations Videos5 Trailer 2:20 Official Trailer Trailer 2:16 The Nightingale Trailer 2:20 The Nightingale Trailer 2:20 The Nightingale - Official IFC Films Trailer Clip 0:55 Weekend Box Office: August 2 to 4 Photos105 Top cast Edit Aisling Franciosi Clareas Clare Maya Christie Baby Brigidas Baby Brigid Baykali Ganambarr Billyas Billy Addison Christie Baby Brigidas Baby Brigid Damon Herriman Ruseas Ruse Harry Greenwood Jagoas Jago Claire Jones Harrietas Harriet Ewen Leslie Goodwinas Goodwin Sam Claflin Hawkinsas Hawkins Charlie Shotwell Eddieas Eddie Michael Sheasby Aidanas Aidan Charlie Jampijinpa Brown Uncle Charlieas Uncle Charlie Eloise Winestock Luddyas Luddy Magnolia Maymuru Lowannaas Lowanna Matthew Barker Goodwin's Ensignas Goodwin's Ensign Charles McCarthy Convict Violinistas Convict Violinist Ben Morton Wallaceas Wallace Matthew Burton Outpost Soldieras Outpost Soldier Director Jennifer Kent Writer Jennifer Kent All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 The Babadook 6.7 Saint Maud 6.7 Montford: The Chickasaw Rancher 7.1 Te Ata 6.9 Monster 6.6 The Loved Ones The Nightingale 6.2 It Comes at Night 6.5 Possessor 7.1 Blue Ruin 5.3 How the 'Dook Stole Christmas Whoever Brought Me Here Storyline Edit THE NIGHTINGALE is a meditation on the horrors of Australian colonization, set at the turn of the 19th century. The film follows Clare, a 21-year-old native Irish wife and mother held captive beyond her 7-year sentence, desperate to be free of her obsessed master, British lieutenant Hawkins. Clare's husband Aidan intervenes with devastating consequences for all. When British authorities fail to deliver justice, Clare pursues Hawkins, who leaves his post suddenly to secure a captaincy up north. Unfamiliar with the Tasmanian wilderness she enlists the help of an orphaned Aboriginal tracker Billy. Marked by their traumas, the two fight to overcome their distrust and prejudices against the backdrop of Australia's infamous 'Black War'. —Mae Moreno rape19th centurymurderrevengefemale protagonist241 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines 1820's Tasmania. A young Irish convict seeks revenge. Genres Adventure Drama Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violent and disturbing content including rape, language throughout, and brief sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia "I've always had a fascination with Tasmania," writer-director Jennifer Kent said. It was considered the most brutal of the Australian colonies, known as 'hell on earth' through the western world at the time. Repeat offenders were sent there; the rapists, murderers, hardened criminals. And severe punishments were devised for them to strike fear in the hearts of those back in Britain, to deter them from crime. Women on the other hand, who'd often committed minor crimes, were sent to Tasmania to even the gender balance. They were outnumbered eight to one. You can imagine what kind of an environment that would set up for women. It was not a good place or time for them. And in terms of the Aboriginal invasion, what happened in Tasmania is often considered the worst attempted annihilation by the British of the Aboriginal people and everything they hold dear." Goofs When Billy finds Uncle Charlie shot dead, he is clearly breathing. Quotes Clare: You can tell me to shut up. You can threaten me. But it won't do nothing. That girl you raped, whose husband and baby you murdered - that girl died. And you can't kill what's already dead. Hawkins: This woman's a lying thief. She's just upset because I caught her trying to steal my horse. I'll have you arrested, you drunken whore. Clare: I'm not your whore. I'm not your nightingale, your little bird, your dove. I'm not your anything. I belong to me and no one else! Crazy credits " Tasmanian Aboriginal culture is a living culture. The Aboriginal language used in this film is called 'Palawa kani'. It was created by current day Tasmanian Aboriginal people using records of their original languages. Aboriginal actors cast in this film are from mainland Australia. They and we pay our respects to the aboriginal people of Lutruwita (Tasmania) past and present." Connections Featured in Chris Stuckmann Movie Reviews: The Nightingale (2019) Soundtracks The Nightingale Performed by Aisling Franciosi Violin by Charles McCarthy Written by Ciáran Bourke, Barney McKenna, Ronnie Drew and Luke Kelly Published by Logo Songs Ltd Administered by Universal Music Publishing MGB Australia Pty Ltd User reviews342 Review Top review 8/10 A tough but powerful and rewarding watch We were introduced to the film by one of the lead actors who advised us to "strap ourselves in", which I think was good advice. It does depict some horrific things done by humans to other humans, and a few people walked out of the screening in the first 10 minutes because by far the worst scenes are at the start. But I recommend sticking with it as it's really about showing glimpses of humanity underneath murderous hatred in an extremely hostile environment. It is not simply a gleeful revenge thriller, despite the often cartoonish evil of the British soldiers and the Tarantino-esque levels of violence. When the revenge does come, it feels like a drop in the ocean of cruelty that surrounds it - by which I mean the everyday treatment of the aboriginal people by the white settlers and of women as property. The larger themes come through with crushing strength. There isn't much in the way of humour or lightness here, but it manages to be a compelling and rewarding experience even if it feels a bit exhausting. You can tell it was a tough shoot - it's mostly set in the muddy, wet Australian bush - but like the actors I came out feeling it was worth it in the end. helpful•119 45 carrythe2 Jun 2, 2019 FAQ5 This film is not available in any theaters in my state, and not available to rent or buy in DVD or streaming. How and where can I watch this? Which variety of Gaelic is spoken in this film? I can't find the movie! where can I buy or watch the movie??how this is possible? the movie disappeared? Details Edit Release date August 29, 2019 (Australia) Country of origin Australia Official sites Adelaide Film Festival Investment Fund Causeway Films (Australia) Languages English Irish Gaelic Aboriginal Also known as Соловей Filming locations Oatlands, Tasmania, Australia Production companies Causeway Films Made Up Stories Adelaide Film Festival See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $400,209 Opening weekend US & Canada $35,882 Aug 4, 2019 Gross worldwide $988,687 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 16 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news New on Netflix: November 2021 Releases Nov 1Den of Geek New on Netflix for November 2021 Oct 31Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Nightingale (2018)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.