The Untouchables (1987) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094226?ref_=rlm
The Untouchables (1987) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Untouchables 19871987 RR 1h 59m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 297K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 995 238 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:50 2 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaThriller During the era of Prohibition in the United States, Federal Agent Eliot Ness sets out to stop ruthless Chicago gangster Al Capone and, because of rampant corruption, assembles a small, hand-... Read allDuring the era of Prohibition in the United States, Federal Agent Eliot Ness sets out to stop ruthless Chicago gangster Al Capone and, because of rampant corruption, assembles a small, hand-picked team to help him.During the era of Prohibition in the United States, Federal Agent Eliot Ness sets out to stop ruthless Chicago gangster Al Capone and, because of rampant corruption, assembles a small, hand-picked team to help him. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 297K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 995 238 Director Brian De Palma Writers David Mamet Oscar Fraley(suggested by book) Eliot Ness(suggested by book) Stars Kevin Costner Sean Connery Robert De Niro Top credits Director Brian De Palma Writers David Mamet Oscar Fraley(suggested by book) Eliot Ness(suggested by book) Stars Kevin Costner Sean Connery Robert De Niro See production, box office & company info 568User reviews 145Critic reviews 79Metascore See more at IMDbPro Won 1 Oscar 11 wins & 16 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:50 The Untouchables Video 1:15 Patricia Clarkson's Peasant Dress Memories Photos192 Top cast Edit Kevin Costner Eliot Nessas Eliot Ness Sean Connery Jim Maloneas Jim Malone Robert De Niro Al Caponeas Al Capone Charles Martin Smith Oscar Wallaceas Oscar Wallace Andy Garcia George Stoneas George Stone Richard Bradford Mikeas Mike Jack Kehoe Payneas Payne Brad Sullivan Georgeas George Billy Drago Nittias Nitti Patricia Clarkson Ness' Wifeas Ness' Wife Vito D'Ambrosio Bowtie Driveras Bowtie Driver Steven Goldstein Scoopas Scoop Peter Aylward Lt. Andersonas Lt. Anderson Don Harvey Preseuskias Preseuski Robert Swan Mountie Captainas Mountie Captain John J. Walsh Bartenderas Bartender Del Close Aldermanas Alderman Colleen Bade Mrs. Blackmeras Mrs. Blackmer Director Brian De Palma Writers David Mamet Oscar Fraley(suggested by book) Eliot Ness(suggested by book) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.9 Carlito's Way 7.7 Donnie Brasco 7.3 Cape Fear 7.8 A Bronx Tale The Untouchables: Capone Rising 7.6 The Hunt for Red October 8.0 The Untouchables 7.8 The Fugitive 8.2 Casino 8.3 Scarface 7.1 Dressed to Kill 7.3 Ronin Storyline Edit After building an empire with bootleg alcohol, legendary crime boss Al Capone rules Chicago with an iron fist. Though Prohibition Agent Eliot Ness attempts to take Capone down, even his best efforts fail due to widespread corruption within the Windy City's police force. Recruiting an elite group of lawmen who won't be swayed by bribes or fear, including Irish-American cop Jimmy Malone, Ness renews his determination to bring Capone to justice. —Jwelch5742 prohibition eraprohibitionchicago illinoisal capone charactertax evasion288 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Chicago Dream is that big Genres Crime Drama Thriller Certificate R Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Albert H. Wolff, the last survivor of the real-life Untouchables, was a consultant on this movie, and helped Kevin Costner with his portrayal of Eliot Ness. Goofs In the movie Ness is portrayed as married with children. In real life, Eliot Ness was a young bachelor living with his parents when he was hired as a prohibition agent and used political/family connections to get his Chicago assignment. Quotes Malone: [talking privately in a church] You said you wanted to get Capone. Do you really wanna get him? You see what I'm saying is, what are you prepared to do? Ness: Anything within the law. Malone: And *then* what are you prepared to do? If you open the can on these worms you must be prepared to go all the way. Because they're not gonna give up the fight, until one of you is dead. Ness: I want to get Capone! I don't know how to do it. Malone: You wanna know how to get Capone? They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. *That's* the *Chicago* way! And that's how you get Capone. Now do you want to do that? Are you ready to do that? I'm offering you a deal. Do you want this deal? Ness: I have sworn to capture this man with all legal powers at my disposal and I will do so. Malone: Well, the Lord hates a coward. [jabs Ness with his hand, and Ness shakes it] Malone: Do you know what a blood oath is, Mr. Ness? Ness: Yes. Malone: Good, 'cause you just took one. Alternate versions In Belgium the first release in the theaters omitted the scene where Al Capone hits one of his henchmen with a base-ball bat. Two weeks after its release the scene was restored. Cinemas announced this to be the 'uncensored version'. Connections Edited into Public Enemies (1996) Soundtracks MOOD INDIGO Written by Duke Ellington, Irving Mills and Barney Bigard Arranged by Bob Wilber Courtesy of Wilkes College Jazz Archives User reviews568 Review Top review Few Films Can Touch Its Excellence. Outstanding production that was the best film of 1987 with the exception of the very dominant "The Last Emperor". "The Untouchables" is the story of Elliot Ness (perfectly played by Kevin Costner) who tries to bring down Chicago Mob boss Al Capone (Robert DeNiro in one of his most under-rated roles) during the early-1930s. Illegal liquor smuggling and other much more serious crimes are running amok and corruption is all over. Costner realizes very fast that he must hand-pick his own men to bring DeNiro down for good. Thus he enlists the help of a young cop from the academy (Andy Garcia), a wimpy book-keeper (Charles Martin Smith) and a hard-nosed Irish beat cop (Oscar-winner Sean Connery in the performance of a lifetime). Together they slowly start to peel through the multiple layers of protection to get DeNiro for good. It seems that the fact that DeNiro has been lax in paying his income taxes could be his ultimate downfall. Beautifully directed by Brian De Palma, "The Untouchables" stands very tall with the other great productions of the 1980s. Ennio Morricone's Oscar-nominated score is one of the finest the cinema has ever experienced. Really excellent. I have no negative comments on this production. 5 stars out of 5. helpful•134 81 tfrizzell Jul 31, 2002 FAQ4 Why did Capone beat the guy to death with the bat? What is the name of the song when Capone is at the opera? Why are so many cops Irish? Details Edit Release date June 3, 1987 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as Nesalomivi Filming locations Blackstone Hotel - 636 S. Michigan Avenue, Downtown, Chicago, Illinois, USA Production company Paramount Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $76,270,454 Opening weekend US & Canada $10,023,094 Jun 7, 1987 Gross worldwide $76,270,454 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Sex Education's Main Characters, Ranked By Meanness Nov 13ScreenRant.com Jerry Douglas, Longtime Star of ‘The Young and the Restless,’ Dies at 88 Nov 11Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of The Untouchables (1987) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.