The Bourne Supremacy (2004) - Frequently Asked Questions - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0372183/faq?ref_=tt_faq_sm
The Bourne Supremacy (2004) - Frequently Asked Questions - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Bourne Supremacy (2004) FAQ Add to FAQ Showing all 11 items Jump to: FAQs (7) Spoilers (4) FAQs Edit What is 'The Bourne Supremacy' about? After laying low for two years with girlfriend Marie Kreutz (Franka Potente) in the small seaside village of Goa, India and attempting to piece together his memory from flashbacks in his dreams, ex-Treadstone operative Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) is forced to go on the run again when he is targeted for death by Russian assassin Kirill (Karl Urban). At the same time, in Berlin, CIA Deputy Director Pamela Landy (Joan Allen) and CIA Chief Ward Abbott (Brian Cox) also set out to bring him in ...hopefully alive. Edit Is 'The Bourne Supremacy' based on a book? The Bourne Supremacy is a 1986 novel by American author Robert Ludlum. It was adapted for the screen by screenwriter Tony Gilroy. The Bourne Supremacy is a sequel to The Bourne Identity (2002) and is followed by The Bourne Ultimatum (2007), The Bourne Legacy (2012) and Jason Bourne (2016). There was also a short-lived TV series The Bourne Identity (1988). Edit How/why did Landy get involved in investigating Jason Bourne? Landy was investigating the theft of $20 million from the CIA that happened seven years before. She had learned that the CIA agent who stole the money was named by Russian journalist/politician Vladimir Neski in the "Neski Files," and Neski himself was probably assassinated over this, so she wanted to get her hands on the files. She offered $3 million for them and sent an agent to complete the exchange in an office building in Berlin. During the exchange, an assassin planted Bourne's fingerprint on a bomb in the building's basement, killing the agent and the source, along with stealing the files and the $3 million. Consequently, Landy switched her investigation to Jason Bourne. Edit Why were the Neskis assassinated? Abbott and Russian oil millionaire Gretkov (Karel Roden) conspired to make money out of Russian oil by buying "drilling rights" in the Caspian Sea using the CIA's $20 million that went missing (actually stolen by Abbott). Neski was in the way by opposing the privatization of oil and was about to reveal the identity of the thief, so Abbott called in newly-trained Bourne to kill him. Mrs Neski was simply in the way. This was Bourne's first hit. Edit How did Bourne know Nicky's cell number when she was waiting for him in the Alexanderplatz? In an earlier scene, when Bourne was talking to Landy on her cellphone, he tells her that he wants Nicky Parsons (Julia Stiles), who is standing next to Landy, to meet him in the Alexanderplatz and that Landy should give her cellphone to Nicky. When Bourne calls Nicky, he is calling her on Landy's cell. Edit How closely does the movie follow the book? Those who have both seen the movie and read the book say that the two stories are very different. In the book, David Webb is forced back into the violent cloak and dagger world of Jason Bourne when Marie is kidnapped, and he soon finds himself knee-deep in a CIA conspiracy that also involves a mysterious assassin who has carried out a number of kills using his name. Although it follows the book's basic storyline, the film makes some major changes in the details, in particular, the locations (China versus Europe) and Marie's fate.The story in the book has nothing much to do with Treadstone except some flashback scenes and references to it. More information about the novel can be obtained here. Edit Any recommendations for movies similar to "The Bourne Supremacy"? Of course, see The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Ultimatum, the other two movies in the initial Bourne trilogy. The later sequels are The Bourne Legacy and Jason Bourne-Bourne being missing from the former. For other movies that feature special agents facing deadly complications, try xXx (2002) (2002), in which an athlete is recruited by the government to infiltrate an underground Russian crime ring. In The Transporter (2002) (2002) , an ex-special forces operator, now working as a goods transporter who asks no questions, breaks the rules and peeks at his latest cargo. There's Three Days of the Condor (1975) (1975), in which a CIA researcher must outwit hit men bent on killing him. In The Long Kiss Goodnight (1996) (1996), lost memories of herself as a top-secret agent begin to surface in an ordinary housewife. In Bullitt (1968) (1968), a cop searches for the killers of a witness that he was supposed to be protecting. Two cops attempt to intercept a big heroin shipment coming from France in The French Connection (1971) (1971). Also recommended by those who have seen The Bourne Identity are the Jackal movies-The Day of the Jackal (1973) (1973) and The Jackal (1997) (1997)-in which a professional assassin codenamed "Jackal" is sent on secret missions. Also consider the Ocean movies-Ocean's Eleven (2001) (2001), Ocean's Twelve (2004) (2004), and Ocean's Thirteen (2007) (2007)-in which Danny Ocean and his team of gangsters attempt to pull off major heists, and any of the James Bond films. Finally, you can check out Taken (2008) (2009), another thriller which involves an ex-CIA operative tracking down his daughter's kidnappers in Europe. - -Unknown with Liam Neeson. No Way Out with Kevin Costner. Spy Games with Robert Redford. Jack Reacher with Tom Cruise. Shooter with Mark Wahlberg. Edit Spoilers Edit The FAQ items below may give away important plot points. How did Kirill know that Bourne and Marie were in Goa, India? It is not entirely explained in the movie, other than Jason Bourne stating to Marie that they probably got careless. It could mean that they were too exposed in their communications. We know from the previous movie that Marie was a drifter with many contacts and from the next movie that she has a brother. It is possible that her communications with friends or family were monitored by Treadstone, who learned where she was and naturally assumed Bourne was with her. We also see Bourne burning most of his documents, which may mean that Treadstone knew about some of their assumed identities and knew how to trace those to India. Abbott could then simply relay this information to Gretkov, who hired Kirill and send him there. Kirill later shows papers which identify him as a member of the Russian Secret Service (unless these are fake), so he may also have had access to databases and agencies that could help trace Bourne and Marie. Edit Why did Kirill shoot Marie instead of Bourne? Kirill didn't know that Jason and Marie had switched places in the car. He thought that Bourne was still driving, so that's where he aimed. Edit Why did Abbott want to blame Bourne for fouling Landy's exchange? Abbott's name was mentioned in the Neski file as a traitor, which is the reason why he had Bourne assassinate Neski seven years earlier. When the Neski file resurfaced and nearly came into Pamela Landy's possession, Abbott had to try and keep it out of her hands and keep her from digging into the Treadstone project. He tried to shift suspicion to Alexander Conklin (Chris Cooper) who was already dead and could not defend himself. Abbott set up Bourne as the one who had killed Landy's agents and stolen the file. Abbott also asked his partner Gretkov to hire an assassin to get rid of Bourne in India because, with Bourne out of the way, it would be a dead end for Landy's investigation. Bourne was the ideal scapegoat anyway, as he was the one who silenced Neski, so it made some sense that Bourne would try to finish his mission and get rid of Neski's surviving testimony. The big flaw in the plan was that Bourne was supposed to die in India, which did not happen. On the contrary, this only caused Bourne to become personally involved in the plot. Edit How does the movie end? After apologizing to Irena Neski (Oksana Akinshina) for killing her parents, Bourne returns to New York City and telephones Landy to ask why the CIA is still looking for him. She replies that she just wanted to apologize (off the record) and thank him for sending her the tape on which Abbott admitted his involvement in the theft of the $20 million. In return, she tells him that his real name is David Webb and that he was born on 15 April 1971 in Nixa, Missouri. She suggests that he come in so that they can talk about it, but Bourne looks out the window and replies 'Get some rest, Pam. You look tired,' startling her when she realizes that, once again, he's watching her. In the final scene, Bourne walks down the street and disappears into the bustling crowd. Edit See also Awards | User Reviews | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews The Bourne Supremacy Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users 26. Action a list of 45 titles created 6 days ago Favorite Movies a list of 49 titles created 26 Nov 2019 Santi a list of 36 titles created 2 weeks ago German Movies a list of 41 titles created 3 months ago Now 2021 a list of 37 titles created 10 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.