The Bourne Identity (2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0258463/?ref_=ttls_li_i
The Bourne Identity (2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Bourne Identity 20022002 PG-13PG-13 1h 59m IMDb RATING 7.9/10 527K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 552 223 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:09 3 Videos 99+ Photos ActionMysteryThriller A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory.A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory.A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory. IMDb RATING 7.9/10 527K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 552 223 Director Doug Liman Writers Tony Gilroy(screenplay) W. Blake Herron(screenplay) Robert Ludlum(novel) Stars Franka Potente Matt Damon Chris Cooper Top credits Director Doug Liman Writers Tony Gilroy(screenplay) W. Blake Herron(screenplay) Robert Ludlum(novel) Stars Franka Potente Matt Damon Chris Cooper See production, box office & company info 957User reviews 255Critic reviews 68Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 6 nominations Videos3 Trailer 2:09 The Bourne Identity Clip 4:48 Essential Guide to Matt Damon Video 3:27 What Roles Has Matt Damon Turned Down? Photos232 Top cast Edit Franka Potente Marieas Marie Matt Damon Bourneas Bourne Chris Cooper Conklinas Conklin Clive Owen The Professoras The Professor Brian Cox Ward Abbottas Ward Abbott Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje Wombosias Wombosi Gabriel Mann Zornas Zorn Walton Goggins Research Techas Research Tech Josh Hamilton Research Techas Research Tech Julia Stiles Nicoletteas Nicolette Orso Maria Guerrini Giancarloas Giancarlo (as Orso Maria-Guerrini) Tim Dutton Eamonas Eamon Denis Braccini Picotas Picot Nicky Naudé Castelas Castel (as Nicky Naude) David Selburg Marshallas Marshall Demetri Goritsas Com Techas Com Tech Russell Levy Manheimas Manheim (as Russel Levy) Anthony Green Security Chiefas Security Chief Director Doug Liman Writers Tony Gilroy(screenplay) W. Blake Herron(screenplay) Robert Ludlum(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 The Bourne Supremacy 8.0 The Bourne Ultimatum 6.6 The Bourne Legacy 6.6 Jason Bourne 7.7 Ocean's Eleven 7.1 Mission: Impossible 7.4 Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol 6.5 Ocean's Twelve 6.9 Ocean's Thirteen 7.8 Taken 6.9 Mission: Impossible III 7.4 Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation Storyline Edit When a body is recovered at sea still alive, the mystery man (Damon) seems to have forgotten everything in life, including who he was. Eventually he begins to remember smaller details in life and soon finds out that his name was Jason Bourne. What he doesn't like is the gun and fake passports belonging to him. Now Bourne, and his new friend, Marie Helena Kreutz (Potente) travel from country to country in search of his new identity. But someone is not happy to see him alive, and is frantically trying to track him down. —Peet amnesiasecret pastmoneyassassindark past216 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Matt Damon is Jason Bourne Genres Action Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for violence and some language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Matt Damon climbed down the last 30 feet of the building himself, without a stunt double. He called it "the most gruelling thing I had to do." Goofs Bourne arranges to meet his boss on the bridge at 5:30pm. From the farmhouse decorations we know it's around Christmas time. At 5:30pm in Paris in mid-winter it would be almost, if not completely, dark. Quotes Jason Bourne: [Getting ready to leave Marie's car in front of his apartment house] Thanks for the ride. Marie: Any time. Jason Bourne: [after a pause] Well, you can come up, and you can... or you could wait here. I - I can go check it out, but you could wait... Marie: Uh, no, no... Jason Bourne: [as she is saying no] You could wait... Marie: ...no, no! Marie: Um, with you, you would probably just forget about me if I... stayed... here. Jason Bourne: How could I forget about you? [laughs] Jason Bourne: You're the only person I know. Crazy credits A thunderstorm sounds in the background of the Universal logo. Alternate versions The DVD contains an alternate (more Hollywood-like) ending: Jason looks down on Marie's scooter rental from a hill, then walks down to it. Marie comes out, sees him and goes towards him. Then they embrace and kiss with a glowing sun in the background... Connections Edited into The Bourne Ultimatum (2007) Soundtracks It's Undeniable Written by Robert Ellis Orrall, Shelly Peiken Performed by Dave Gallagher Courtesy of Infinity Cat Recordings and Peer-Southern Productions, Inc. User reviews957 Review Top review 8/10 Don't watch this movie if you think James Bond is someone who you can meet in real life. Next to Ronin, this is one of the best action / spy movies that I've ever seen. I heard a lot of good critics, but didn't know what to think about it. I only saw it 2 years after it first appeared and I'm a little disappointed that I didn't go watch it in the cinema. I'm not too keen on movies like James Bond and other stuff in this genre, but this one is a lot better. Normally you see the "super hero" using all kinds of weird gadgets, driving extremely fast sports cars and sleeping with ladies who look more like prostitutes than being normal women. Jason Bourne however doesn't have all this things, which makes this movie a lot more realistic. The fights are fast and very realistic but still entertaining. The action scenes are believable, no super-gadgets, no incredibly willing women sharing his bed... Our hero even shows definite signs of physical vulnerability despite a very high level of training and competence. In the meanwhile he has to deal with amnesia, while being hunted without knowing why. In the end this is still a man which you can identify yourself with. I would say: Go watch it when you are a fan of movies like Ronin, don't watch it if you think James Bond is a person who you can bump into on the streets when going out. Personally I would award this movie with an 8/10. helpful•199 71 philip_vanderveken Sep 13, 2004 FAQ10 What is 'The Bourne Identity' about? Is 'The Bourne Identity' based on a book? Why was Bourne's money and IDs kept in a safe in Zurich? Details Edit Release date November 21, 2002 (China) Countries of origin United States Germany Czech Republic France Official site Universal (United States) Languages English French German Dutch Italian Yoruba Also known as 谍影重重 Filming locations Mykonos, Greece Production companies Universal Pictures The Kennedy/Marshall Company Hypnotic See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $60,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $121,661,683 Opening weekend US & Canada $27,118,640 Jun 16, 2002 Gross worldwide $214,034,224 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 59 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Succession’ Star Brian Cox Makes Film Directorial Debut With ‘Glenrothan’ for Lionsgate, Nevision Nov 16Variety Film + TV HBO Max New Releases: November 2021 Nov 1Den of Geek Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.