The Truman Show (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120382/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_168
The Truman Show (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Truman Show 19981998 PGPG 1h 43m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 999K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 656 153 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 2 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDrama An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 999K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 656 153 Director Peter Weir Writer Andrew Niccol Stars Jim Carrey Ed Harris Laura Linney Top credits Director Peter Weir Writer Andrew Niccol Stars Jim Carrey Ed Harris Laura Linney See production, box office & company info 1.3KUser reviews 253Critic reviews 90Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #168 Nominated for 3 Oscars 40 wins & 69 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:32 The Truman Show Video 2:49 Dates in Movie & TV History: Jan 29, 1967 - "The Truman Show" Begins Photos176 Top cast Edit Jim Carrey Truman Burbankas Truman Burbank Ed Harris Christofas Christof Laura Linney Meryl Burbankas Meryl Burbank… Noah Emmerich Marlonas Marlon Natascha McElhone Laurenas Lauren… Holland Taylor Truman's Motheras Truman's Mother Brian Delate Truman's Fatheras Truman's Father Blair Slater Young Trumanas Young Truman Peter Krause Lawrenceas Lawrence Heidi Schanz Vivienas Vivien Ron Taylor Ronas Ron Don Taylor Donas Don Ted Raymond Spenceras Spencer Judy Clayton Travel Agentas Travel Agent Fritz Dominique Truman's Neighboras Truman's Neighbor Angel Schmiedt Truman's Neighboras Truman's Neighbor Nastassja Schmiedt Truman's Neighboras Truman's Neighbor Muriel Moore Teacheras Teacher Director Peter Weir Writer Andrew Niccol All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Catch Me If You Can 8.3 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 8.3 Good Will Hunting 8.2 Shutter Island 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.2 A Beautiful Mind 8.2 The Wolf of Wall Street 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.1 The Sixth Sense 8.5 Back to the Future 8.9 Pulp Fiction Storyline Edit Since birth, a big fat lie defines the well-organised but humdrum life of the kind-hearted insurance salesman and ambitious explorer, Truman Burbank. Utterly unaware of the thousands of cleverly hidden cameras watching his every move, for nearly three decades, Truman's entire existence pivots around the will and the wild imagination of the ruthlessly manipulative television producer, Christof--the all-powerful TV-God of an extreme 24/7 reality show: The Truman Show. As a result, Truman's picturesque neighbourhood with the manicured lawns and the uncannily perfect residents is nothing but an elaborate state-of-the-art set, and the only truth he knows is what the worldwide television network and its deep financial interests dictate. Do lab rats know they are forever imprisoned? —Nick Riganas hidden camerasimulated realityfictional reality showcontrolled environmentdeception122 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines All the world's a stage... Genres Comedy Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for thematic elements and mild language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Ed Harris and Jim Carrey never met during filming. Goofs It is an enduring myth that the Great Wall of China is the only man-made object visible from space. The wall is narrower than the average highway and is visible only in low orbit from where all manner of other man-made objects can also be seen. Quotes Truman: [repeated line; frequently in the show] Good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night! Crazy credits Opening credits are for the "real" Truman Show, with lines like "starring Truman Burbank as himself" and "created and directed by Christof". Alternate versions A lot more pseudo-documentary footage on the making of the fictional Truman Show was shot but not used in the theatrical version. Only some short segments have been included in the released film, in the pre-credits sequence. Segments of this outtake footage, featuring Meryl Burbank and Marlon being interviewed and talking about their roles on the show and their personal lives, have been included in some airline versions, presumably to pad the running times. Connections Edited into Spisok korabley (2008) Soundtracks Piano Sonata No. 11 in A Major (K. 331) (300), Third Movement: Alla Turca by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Performed by Wilhelm Kempff, piano Courtesy of Deutsche Grammophon Gesellschaft mbH., Hamburg by arrangement with PolyGram Film and TV Music User reviews1.3K Review Top review 8/10 Very engaging even for non Jim Carrey fans As many fans know, Jim Carrey is the man when it comes to slapstick comedy. His comical physicality is outrageous and his ability to emulate anything from cartoons to other actors is top notch. But anytime before 1998 I think I can safely say that not many people saw Carrey try and jump out of his shell and try a role that wasn't truly in the comedy genre. I definitely didn't see it coming. And to be honest, I wasn't sure if I would really enjoy it. But in the end, I did, not only because of how well Carrey portrayed his character but with an excellent story to back if up. The plot is about Truman Burbank (Jim Carrey) who is viewed live 24 hours a day, uncensored, as a soap opera to the real world through public broadcasting. The thing is, Truman Burbank is the only one who doesn't know this. Everything else around is all a set-up. And when I mean everything,...everything...is a set-up. Even the sun is fake! Nothing is real. All the people Burbank knows are all actors. People who go through the same routine every day. And that's partially what makes this film so great. Every piece of the "set" that Truman Burbank lives in is so believable. Along with this is Christof, acted by Ed Harris. Christof is the creator of Truman's world and he essentially plays God. Everything that Truman Burbank is as a person, was created under the supervision of Christof. The whole story itself, written by Andrew Niccol, brings up the controversial issue of nature vs nurture. Who should have control over whose life. Well I think that answer is obvious. Jim Carrey himself actually does have some comedic moments but it's not because he wants the movie to be a comedy. Carrey does what he does because it is the connection to how a human would react to such a situation that makes it funny. And along with those funny moments comes a real emotional performance. Sure Carrey can deliver laughs but also proves that he can portray human drama. That's a question a lot of people wanted to see if Carrey could pull off and he did it well. Adding to the emotion is composer Philip Glass' score. Yes, it did evoke the right emotions and I don't think it needed a theme either for this particular story. Usually I do, but it didn't seem necessary here. Unfortunately for me, I prefer to see Jim Carrey in his comedic skin. I didn't mind the different role that he took on here but it didn't feel like I was watching the movie I wanted to see. And I'll admit, I put too much thought into believing Jim Carrey would've made the film more comedy than drama, so basically I disappointed myself. So on that note, it could be disappointing to fans of Carrey for his comedic films as well. As the first drama film that comic gut buster Jim Carrey stars in, it is not that bad as some would expect it to be. Carrey can deliver a performance like real human but for the hardcore fans, it may upset. helpful•19 4 breakdownthatfilm-blogspot-com Jan 11, 2013 FAQ1 Why isn't Truman angry at last at all? After all, he has been cheated for such a long time? Details Edit Release date June 5, 1998 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 楚门的世界 Filming locations Seaside, Florida, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures Scott Rudin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $60,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $125,618,201 Opening weekend US & Canada $31,542,121 Jun 7, 1998 Gross worldwide $264,118,201 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 43 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Husband And Wife Team Alan And Dawn Bursteen Launch Milestone Studios Nov 16Deadline Film + TV Movies Like The Truman Show You Should Definitely Watch Nov 12Slash Film Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.