The Green Mile (1999) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120689/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_29
The Green Mile (1999) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Green Mile 19991999 RR 3h 9m IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 388 119 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 3 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaFantasy The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift. IMDb RATING 8.6/10 1.2M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 388 119 Director Frank Darabont Writers Stephen King(novel) Frank Darabont(screenplay) Stars Tom Hanks Michael Clarke Duncan David Morse Top credits Director Frank Darabont Writers Stephen King(novel) Frank Darabont(screenplay) Stars Tom Hanks Michael Clarke Duncan David Morse See production, box office & company info 1.9KUser reviews 213Critic reviews 61Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #29 Nominated for 4 Oscars 15 wins & 37 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 0:31 The Green Mile Clip 1:34 'The Green Mile' | 20th Anniversary Mashup Video 3:22 What Roles Has Tom Hanks Turned Down? Photos505 Top cast Edit Tom Hanks Paul Edgecombas Paul Edgecomb Michael Clarke Duncan John Coffeyas John Coffey David Morse Brutus 'Brutal' Howellas Brutus 'Brutal' Howell Bonnie Hunt Jan Edgecombas Jan Edgecomb James Cromwell Warden Hal Mooresas Warden Hal Moores Michael Jeter Eduard Delacroixas Eduard Delacroix Graham Greene Arlen Bitterbuckas Arlen Bitterbuck Doug Hutchison Percy Wetmoreas Percy Wetmore Sam Rockwell 'Wild Bill' Whartonas 'Wild Bill' Wharton Barry Pepper Dean Stantonas Dean Stanton Jeffrey DeMunn Harry Terwilligeras Harry Terwilliger Patricia Clarkson Melinda Mooresas Melinda Moores Harry Dean Stanton Toot-Tootas Toot-Toot Dabbs Greer Old Paul Edgecombas Old Paul Edgecomb Eve Brent Elaine Connellyas Elaine Connelly William Sadler Klaus Detterickas Klaus Detterick Mack Miles Orderly Hectoras Orderly Hector (as Mack C. Miles) Rai Tasco Man in Nursing Homeas Man in Nursing Home Director Frank Darabont Writers Stephen King(novel) Frank Darabont(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.6 Saving Private Ryan 8.8 Forrest Gump 8.6 Se7en 8.6 The Silence of the Lambs 8.9 Schindler's List 9.3 The Shawshank Redemption 8.8 Fight Club 8.5 The Pianist 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.5 Léon 8.5 Gladiator 8.5 Intouchables Storyline Edit Death Row guards at a penitentiary, in the 1930's, have a moral dilemma with their job when they discover one of their prisoners, a convicted murderer, has a special gift. —Guy Johns death row inmate1930sgood versus evilprison guarddeath row405 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Miracles do happen. Genres Crime Drama Fantasy Mystery Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for violence, language and some sex-related material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia According to one of the featurettes on the DVD, Stephen King called this film the single most faithful adaptation of his work. Goofs Although the voltage used for electric chair executions (2450 volts) would not be high enough to cause a current flow through an unsoaked sponge properly, it will just act as a resistor and limit the amount of current passing through at a time. That is why the electrocution took way longer than the required 15 - 30 seconds. The primary cause of death for Del was not via electrocution (brain death or organ failure) but through severe burns when the resistors overheat and caught fire. Quotes Paul Edgecomb: On the day of my judgment, when I stand before God, and He asks me why did I kill one of his true miracles, what am I gonna say? That it was my job? My job? John Coffey: You tell God the Father it was a kindness you done. I know you hurtin' and worryin', I can feel it on you, but you oughta quit on it now. Because I want it over and done. I do. I'm tired, boss. Tired of bein' on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain. Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with, or tell me where we's coming from or going to, or why. Mostly I'm tired of people being ugly to each other. I'm tired of all the pain I feel and hear in the world everyday. There's too much of it. It's like pieces of glass in my head all the time. Can you understand? Paul Edgecomb: Yes, John. I think I can. Crazy credits There are no opening credits after the title has been shown, followed by the opening scene for place of film. Although it is now commonplace for films to not have opening credits, in 1999 it was somewhat rather unusual and it was considered for a trademark of director Frank Darabont. Alternate versions The documentary "Walking the Mile" (which is included on the DVD) features the making of a scene, where Edgecomb and his wife are in a church. That scene is not in the final film. The church is probably the one mentioned by Hanks character when he says to Melinda that "we missed you in church". Connections Featured in The Miracle of 'The Green Mile' (1999) Soundtracks Charmaine Written by Lew Pollack and Erno Rapee Performed by Mantovani Arranged by Ronald Binge (uncredited) Courtesy of LaserLight Digital and San Juan Music Group by arrangement with Source/Q User reviews1.9K Review Top review 10/10 Rest in Peace Michael Clarke Duncan There's a reason why this Oscar winning tour de force is #67 ranked of all films on IMDb, despite the fact that it's 3 hours long and has some truly grisly scenes (not for the squeamish, children, or a first date.) It's chock full of outstanding performances, not only from Hanks, but also from the many supporting characters, all who are rich and full. It will seem slow to the impatient, but will be richly rewarding for those with the stamina to make it to the end. It will certainly get you thinking about capital punishment and perhaps different shades/degrees of evil. It is either a deeply moving spiritual tale or a wonderfully creepy journey down the rabbit hole of Stephen King's mind; take your pick. Either way, I put it right up there on my desert island list with the likes of Shawshank Redemption. It is definitely required watching. helpful•99 7 epluribusunum2010 Sep 5, 2012 FAQ22 In the book, Wild Bill was only 19 years old, why does he look older in the movie? In the scene where Percy scares Del for a joke, and Del trips over Brutal's foot, why doesn't Brutal apologize to Del instead of blaming Percy completely for it? Is it true that Mr. Jingles was actually a rat? Details Edit Release date December 10, 1999 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Centrumfilmow Official Facebook Languages English French Also known as 绿里奇迹 Filming locations Tennessee State Penitentiary, Nashville, Tennessee, USA Production companies Castle Rock Entertainment Darkwoods Productions Warner Bros. See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $60,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $136,801,374 Opening weekend US & Canada $18,017,152 Dec 12, 1999 Gross worldwide $286,801,374 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 3 hours 9 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Rushes: China's Five-Year Film Plan, Jarmusch x Man Ray, How Stallone Made "Rocky vs. Drago" Nov 17MUBI Johannes Roberts Nov 16Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.