The Conversation (1974) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071360/
The Conversation (1974) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Conversation 19741974 PGPG 1h 53m IMDb RATING 7.8/10 107K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,450 54 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:56 4 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMysteryThriller A paranoid, secretive surveillance expert has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that the couple he is spying on will be murdered.A paranoid, secretive surveillance expert has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that the couple he is spying on will be murdered.A paranoid, secretive surveillance expert has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that the couple he is spying on will be murdered. IMDb RATING 7.8/10 107K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,450 54 Director Francis Ford Coppola Writer Francis Ford Coppola Stars Gene Hackman John Cazale Allen Garfield Top credits Director Francis Ford Coppola Writer Francis Ford Coppola Stars Gene Hackman John Cazale Allen Garfield See production, box office & company info 419User reviews 183Critic reviews 85Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 3 Oscars 14 wins & 16 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 1:56 The Conversation Trailer 1:56 The Conversation - Restoration Trailer Clip 1:36 'The Conversation' | 45th Anniversary Mashup Video 28:39 Sneak Previews Season 3 Episode 10 Photos129 Top cast Edit Gene Hackman Harry Caulas Harry Caul John Cazale Stanas Stan Allen Garfield Bernie Moranas Bernie Moran Frederic Forrest Markas Mark Cindy Williams Annas Ann Michael Higgins Paulas Paul Elizabeth MacRae Meredithas Meredith (as Elizabeth Mac Rae) Teri Garr Amyas Amy Harrison Ford Martin Stettas Martin Stett Mark Wheeler Receptionistas Receptionist Robert Shields The Mimeas The Mime Phoebe Alexander Lurleenas Lurleen Ramon Bieri Man at Partyas Man at Party (uncredited) Gian-Carlo Coppola Boy in Churchas Boy in Church (uncredited) George Dusheck TV Anchoras TV Anchor (uncredited) Robert Duvall The Directoras The Director (uncredited) Richard Hackman Confessional Priestas Confessional Priest (uncredited) … George Meyer Salesmanas Salesman (uncredited) Director Francis Ford Coppola Writer Francis Ford Coppola All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 The French Connection 8.0 Dog Day Afternoon 6.8 Tetro 8.0 All the President's Men 4.8 Twixt 7.8 Midnight Cowboy 6.9 The Rain People 7.7 Serpico 7.3 Easy Rider 6.5 One from the Heart 5.9 Distant Vision 6.9 The American Way Storyline Edit Harry Caul is a devout Catholic and a lover of jazz music who plays his saxophone while listening to his jazz records. He is a San Francisco-based electronic surveillance expert who owns and operates his own small surveillance business. He is renowned within the profession as being the best, one who designs and constructs his own surveillance equipment. He is an intensely private and solitary man in both his personal and professional life, which especially irks Stan, his business associate who often feels shut out of what is happening with their work. This privacy, which includes not letting anyone into his apartment and always telephoning his clients from pay phones is, in part, intended to control what happens around him. His and Stan's latest job (a difficult one) is to record the private discussion of a young couple meeting in crowded and noisy Union Square. The arrangement with his client, known only to him as "the director", is to provide the audio recording of the discussion and photographs of the couple directly to him alone in return for payment. Based on circumstances with the director's assistant, Martin Stett, and what Harry ultimately hears on the recording, Harry believes that the lives of the young couple are in jeopardy. Harry used to be detached from what he recorded, but is now concerned ever since the deaths of three people that were the direct result of a previous audio recording he made for another job. Harry not only has to decide if he will turn the recording over to the director, but also if he will try and save the couple's lives using information from the recording. As Harry goes on a quest to find out what exactly is happening on this case, he finds himself in the middle of his worst nightmare. —Huggo paranoiasurveillancemurderrecordingsaxophone128 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Harry Caul will go anywhere to bug a private conversation. Genres Drama Mystery Thriller Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Francis Ford Coppola's personal favorite of his movies. Goofs When Caul is in Stett's office alone, he walks over to the desk and picks up one of Stett's wife's cookies. He smells it and puts it back in the dish and then looks through the telescope. When Stett returns, he hands Caul the money and takes the tapes. When the film cuts to a shot of Caul thinking about the arrangement, the cookie reappears. Caul puts this cookie back in the dish, too. Quotes [repeated line from the recording] Mark: He'd kill us if he got the chance. Connections Edited into The Green Fog (2017) Soundtracks Sophisticated Lady (1932) Music by Duke Ellington User reviews419 Review Top review 8/10 Intelligent and ingenious thriller with magnificent acting by Gene Hackman and perfect direction by Coppola A paranoid, secretive surveillance expert called Harry Caul (reportedly Gene Hackman's favorite movie in which he has acted) will go anywhere to bug a private conversation , as he is becoming increasingly uneasy about his current job . He is a solitary man in both his personal and professional life, only helped by his assistant Stan (early deceased John Cazale of Deer Hunter) , as they are watching a young couple (Cindy Williams , Frederic Forrest , Coppola's fetish actor) when Harry begins to suspect that they are murder targets . The professional eavesdropper haunted by the time his bugging cost the lives of some people and terrified that it is happening again , as he has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that a couple he is spying on will be murdered . As Harry refines and re-refines the recording, he interprets what he hears in different ways . As Harry discovers shattering revelation believes that the lives of the young couple are in jeopardy . This interesting flick turns out to be a powerful statement about privacy , guilty and responsibility ; being ¨surveillance¨ as the basis and theme of the film . The picture contains thrills , emotion , thought-provoking issues and plot twists during the last reel . Very good acting by Gene Hackman as a freelance surveillance expert as well as an intensely private and solitary mature man . His mood of isolation and loneliness is pretty well established . The ¨Tapper¨ Gene Hackman learned to play the saxophone especially for the film . Gene Hackman later plays a former NSA agent who is a surveillance expert in ¨Enemy of the state¨ (1998) by Tony Scott , and the images of his character in his younger days are taken directly from this film . Secondary cast is frankly good , such as John Cazale as his business associate , Allen Garfield as Bernie Moran , Frederic Forrest as Mark , Cindy Williams as Ann and special appearance by Robert Duvall as the Director . In addition , a pre-stardom Harrison Ford , Billy Dee Williams and Teri Garr appear in minor characters . David Shire's original music was composed prior to production and played for the actors prior to their scenes to get them into the proper moods. Evocative and appropriate cinematography by Bill Butler and Haskell Wexler as uncredited director of photography . This well-made motion picture was stunningly directed by Francis Ford Coppola . In fact , this is Francis Ford Coppola's personal favorite of his movies. Coppola had written the outline in 1966 but couldn't get financing until The Godfather (1972) became a success. ¨The Conversation¨ resulted to be one of the best films of the 70s . Rating : Better than average , don't blink during throughout the film . Essential and indispensable seeing for thriller lovers and Gene Hackman fans . helpful•17 5 ma-cortes Feb 25, 2014 FAQ2 Is "The Conversation" based on a novel? Is it true that Francis Ford Coppola was a wire-tapper himself? Details Edit Release date April 12, 1974 (Canada) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Der Dialog Filming locations American Roofing Co. Building - 297 Kansas Street, Potrero Hill, San Francisco, California, USA Production companies The Directors Company The Coppola Company American Zoetrope See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $1,600,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $4,420,000 Gross worldwide $4,432,180 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 53 minutes Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Why Francis Ford Coppola Was Nearly Fired During The Godfather's Production Nov 3Slash Film Halloween Parade II Oct 29Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Conversation (1974) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.