The Royal Tenenbaums (2001) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0265666/
The Royal Tenenbaums (2001) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Royal Tenenbaums 20012001 RR 1h 50m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 279K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 642 107 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:40 3 Videos 99+ Photos ComedyDrama The eccentric members of a dysfunctional family reluctantly gather under the same roof for various reasons.The eccentric members of a dysfunctional family reluctantly gather under the same roof for various reasons.The eccentric members of a dysfunctional family reluctantly gather under the same roof for various reasons. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 279K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 642 107 Director Wes Anderson Writers Wes Anderson Owen Wilson Stars Gene Hackman Gwyneth Paltrow Anjelica Huston Top credits Director Wes Anderson Writers Wes Anderson Owen Wilson Stars Gene Hackman Gwyneth Paltrow Anjelica Huston See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 232Critic reviews 76Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 11 wins & 46 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 1:40 The Royal Tenenbaums Trailer 1:40 The Royal Tenenbaums: The Criterion Collection Blu-Ray Clip 1:54 A Guide to the Films of Wes Anderson Photos134 Top cast Edit Gene Hackman Royal Tenenbaumas Royal Tenenbaum Gwyneth Paltrow Margot Tenenbaumas Margot Tenenbaum Anjelica Huston Etheline Tenenbaumas Etheline Tenenbaum Ben Stiller Chas Tenenbaumas Chas Tenenbaum Luke Wilson Richie Tenenbaumas Richie Tenenbaum Owen Wilson Eli Cashas Eli Cash Bill Murray Raleigh St. Clairas Raleigh St. Clair Danny Glover Henry Shermanas Henry Sherman Seymour Cassel Dustyas Dusty Kumar Pallana Pagodaas Pagoda Alec Baldwin Narratoras Narrator (voice) Grant Rosenmeyer Ari Tenenbaumas Ari Tenenbaum Jonah Meyerson Uzi Tenenbaumas Uzi Tenenbaum Aram Aslanian-Persico Young Chas Tenenbaumas Young Chas Tenenbaum Irina Gorovaia Young Margot Tenenbaumas Young Margot Tenenbaum (as Irene Gorovaia) Amedeo Turturro Young Richie Tenenbaumas Young Richie Tenenbaum Stephen Lea Sheppard Dudley Heinsbergenas Dudley Heinsbergen James Fitzgerald Young Eli Cashas Young Eli Cash Director Wes Anderson Writers Wes Anderson Owen Wilson All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson Explore the Style of Director Wes Anderson IMDb takes a closer look at the trademarks of Wes Anderson's directorial style, including tracking shots, hand-placed objects, distinct color palettes, and more.Watch the video 1:54 More like this 7.3 The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou 7.7 Rushmore 7.2 The Darjeeling Limited 7.8 Moonrise Kingdom 7.9 Isle of Dogs 7.0 Bottle Rocket 8.1 The Grand Budapest Hotel 7.2 Hotel Chevalier 6.8 Moonrise Kingdom: Animated Book Short 6.8 Bottle Rocket 7.4 Come Together: A Fashion Picture in Motion 7.2 Castello Cavalcanti Storyline Edit Three grown prodigies, all with a unique genius of some kind, and their mother are staying at the family household. Their father, Royal had left them long ago, and comes back to make things right with his family. —MonkeyKingMA family relationshipsforbidden loveunconventional familyeccentric familylesbian kiss198 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Family Isn't A Word... It's A Sentence. Genres Comedy Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some language, sexuality/nudity and drug content Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The hand that is seen with the BB lodged between its knuckles is not Ben Stiller's, but Andrew Wilson's, brother of Owen Wilson and Luke Wilson. When they were children, Owen fired a BB gun at Andrew's hand and the BB has been there ever since. Goofs Artist Elliott Puckette's name is badly misspelled in the credits (her paintings appear in the film). Quotes [in a hospital ward] Chas: Why did you try to kill yourself? Ethel: Don't press him right now. Richie: I wrote a suicide note. Chas: You did? Richie: Yeah. Right after I regained consciousness. Chas: Can we read it? Richie: No. Chas: Can you paraphrase it for us? Richie: I don't think so. Chas: Is it dark? Richie: Of course it's dark, it's a suicide note. Crazy credits The film title first appears on a library book being checked out, then several of the books are seen, and finally the book cover becomes a title card. Alternate versions The version shown at the New York Film Festival and some other pre-release screenings used the original Beatles version of "Hey Jude" for the opening introduction. The final version used a new instrumental recording of the song arranged by Mark Mothersbaugh and performed by his Mutato Muzika Orchestra. Connections Featured in The 59th Annual Golden Globe Awards 2002 (2002) Soundtracks Hey Jude Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney Published by Sony/ATV Tunes LLC Produced by Mark Mothersbaugh Performed by The Mutato Muzika Orchestra User reviews1K Review Top review 10/10 The perfect balance of drama and comedy I loved this film. The Tenenbaum's dysfunction (while amplified for the screen) is quite an accurate portrayal of family life. Families are, essentially, groups of people living in each other's pockets, and, invariably, those people who love you and hate you the most. Don't get me wrong, Royal and his (thermo)nuclear family of brilliant buffoons do not represent my family (or any other in the world I think!) but the family united against a miscreant father is a motif a lot of people can understand. It is this common humanity that really appeals to me as a film watcher, and what, ultimately made this film so very memorable to me. The ensemble cast is astonishingly proficient. They all lend a perfect quirkiness to the roles. Anjelica Houston is the perfect former Mrs Royal Tenenbaum, down to the smallest nuance, Ben Stiller and Luke Wilson turn in wonderful performances, and this is the only role I've seen Gwenyth Paltrow in where I actually thought she was someone other than Gwenyth Paltrow (this is not an insult, it's just that people don't always do it for everyone, you know...?). Bill Murray, Gene Hackman, Owen Wilson, all excellent, all the time. The black comedy counterbalanced with the drama of the issues raised in this film left me feeling like I'd witnessed a film event, rather than just another film. I loved every frame of it, from the Baldwin narrated opening, to the final tying up of ends. It never dwelled on melodrama, or the more potentially unsavoury elements, and it didn't sink into the schmaltzy "We all love each other" end it could well have. It began perfectly, and it ended perfectly. I can't recommend this movie more highly. It's a must see for anyone who loves quirky and emotive storytelling, great characters and beautiful dialogue. 10/10 helpful•207 65 mneilson-2 Nov 9, 2004 FAQ6 What is the name of the song played during the bus scene with Margot and Richie? Where did the phrase "let's shag ass" come from? Why does Richie say he's going to kill himself tomorrow when he tries to kill himself at that moment? Details Edit Release date January 4, 2002 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Stream The Royal Tenenbaums officially on Disney+ Hotstar Indonesia Languages English Italian Also known as Los excéntricos Tenembaum Filming locations 144th Street & Convent Avenue, Harlem, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Touchstone Pictures American Empirical Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $21,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $52,364,010 Opening weekend US & Canada $276,981 Dec 16, 2001 Gross worldwide $71,444,482 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 50 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Peter Bart: Wes Anderson’s Road Company Of Stars Has Turned His Art Movies Into A Mini-Franchise Nov 4Deadline Film + TV Oscars 2022: Best Original Screenplay Predictions Oct 31Thompson on Hollywood Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for The Royal Tenenbaums (2001)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.