The Front (1976) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074554?ref_=rlm
The Front (1976) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In The Front 19761976 PGPG 1h 35m IMDb RATING 7.3/10 8.8K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:54 1 Video 43 Photos Drama In 1953, a cashier poses as a writer for blacklisted talents to submit their work through, but the injustice around him pushes him to take a stand.In 1953, a cashier poses as a writer for blacklisted talents to submit their work through, but the injustice around him pushes him to take a stand.In 1953, a cashier poses as a writer for blacklisted talents to submit their work through, but the injustice around him pushes him to take a stand. IMDb RATING 7.3/10 8.8K YOUR RATING Rate Director Martin Ritt Writer Walter Bernstein Stars Woody Allen Zero Mostel Herschel Bernardi Top credits Director Martin Ritt Writer Walter Bernstein Stars Woody Allen Zero Mostel Herschel Bernardi See production, box office & company info 72User reviews 56Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 1 win & 5 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 1:54 Official Trailer Photos43 Top cast Edit Woody Allen Howard Princeas Howard Prince Zero Mostel Hecky Brownas Hecky Brown Herschel Bernardi Phil Sussmanas Phil Sussman Michael Murphy Alfred Milleras Alfred Miller Andrea Marcovicci Florence Barrettas Florence Barrett Remak Ramsay Francis X. Hennesseyas Francis X. Hennessey Marvin Lichterman Myer Princeas Myer Prince Lloyd Gough Herbert Delaneyas Herbert Delaney David Margulies William Phelpsas William Phelps Joshua Shelley Sam - Resort Operatoras Sam - Resort Operator Norman Rose Howard's Attorneyas Howard's Attorney Charles Kimbrough Committee Counseloras Committee Counselor Josef Sommer Committee Chairmanas Committee Chairman (as M. Josef Sommer) Danny Aiello Danny LaGattutaas Danny LaGattuta Georgann Johnson T.V. Intervieweras T.V. Interviewer Scott McKay Tom Hamptonas Tom Hampton David Clarke Hubert Jacksonas Hubert Jackson I.W. Klein Bank Telleras Bank Teller Director Martin Ritt Writer Walter Bernstein All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.6 Play It Again, Sam 7.3 Stardust Memories 7.4 Broadway Danny Rose 7.0 Bananas 6.6 Alice 7.3 Interiors 7.7 Love and Death 6.6 A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy 7.2 Sleeper 7.3 Another Woman 7.7 Zelig 6.8 Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex * But Were Afraid to Ask Storyline Edit In the early 1950s Howard Prince, who works in a restaurant, helps out a black-listed writer friend by selling a TV station a script under his own name. The money is useful in paying off gambling debts, so he takes on three more such clients. Howard is politically pretty innocent, but involvement with Florence - who quits TV in disgust over things - and friendship with the show's ex-star - now himself blacklisted - make him start to think about what is really going on. —Jeremy Perkins {J-26} huaacblacklisthollywood blacklistman wears eyeglassesyear 195361 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines What if there were a list? A list that said: Our finest actors weren't allowed to act. Our best writers weren't allowed to write. What would it be like if there were such a list. It would be like America in 1953. Genre Drama Certificate PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Woody Allen once said of this film: "From the beginning, I had enormous reservations about doing a film which I had not written and over which I would have no directorial control. The reason I did The Front (1976) was that the subject was worthwhile. Martin Ritt and Walter Bernstein lived through the blacklist and survived it with dignity, so I didn't mind deferring to their judgment." Goofs When Howard and Florence kiss in the park, the bi-level George Washington Bridge can be seen in the background. In c. 1953 when this movie takes place, the bridge had only one level. Quotes [last lines] Howard Prince: Fellas... I don't recognize the right of this committee to ask me these kind of questions. And furthermore, you can all go fuck yourselves. Crazy credits During the credits the people involved with the movie who were blacklisted are listed along with the year they were blacklisted. Connections Featured in The Making of 'The Front' (1976) Soundtracks Young at Heart Sung by Frank Sinatra Music by Johnny Richards Lyrics by Carolyn Leigh Arranged and Conducted by Nelson Riddle (uncredited) User reviews72 Review Top review A Mostel Showcase The screen time may belong to Woody Allen, but the movie belongs to Zero Mostel. Few actors are more improbable than the artfully bulky Mostel, whose round head, tiny snub nose and large expressive eyes resemble a cartoon more than an actual person. Yet his range is phenomenal. Watch the breadth as he slyly tries to work around head witch-hunter Francis Hennesee, or comically greets the diminutive Allen, or explodes in eye-popping rage at the Borscht-belt proprietor who cheats him. His metaphorical loss in the film mirrors the very real loss film-goers suffered during his years of blacklist. And it's to Allen's credit that he generously showcases this prodigious talent in what would be Mostel's last film. The movie itself handles the blacklist of the 1950's with a congenial light touch. Allen is perfect as the nebbish who fronts for his screenwriter pals, and it's fun to watch him puff up and fluff out as the spotlight shifts abruptly his way. As expected, there are many amusing Allen bits scattered throughout. Even the romantic angle with Marcovicci works nicely into Allen's character as he evolves through the story-line, ending in a perceptive example of the old "worm turns" plot twist. All in all, this 1976, Martin Ritt film amounts to an amusing look at a dark period in American civil liberties, made unusually memorable by the sublime presence of the unforgettable Zero Mostel. helpful•6 1 dougdoepke Dec 22, 2010 Details Edit Release date January 13, 1977 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as Der Strohmann Filming locations Radio City Music Hall - 1260 6th Avenue, Rockefeller Center, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Production companies Columbia Pictures Devon/Persky-Bright Jack Rollins & Charles H. Joffe Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 35 minutes Color Black and White Color Sound mix Mono Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Ira Glasser Oct 19Trailers from Hell How to Book Hotels Famous From Movies (With Points) Jul 24Rollingstone.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was The Front (1976) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.