There Will Be Blood (2007) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0469494/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_145
There Will Be Blood (2007) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In There Will Be Blood 20072007 RR 2h 38m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 550K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 397 145 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:14 4 Videos 99+ Photos Drama A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business.A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business.A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 550K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 397 145 Director Paul Thomas Anderson Writers Paul Thomas Anderson(written for the screen by) Upton Sinclair(novel "Oil!") Stars Daniel Day-Lewis Paul Dano Ciarán Hinds Top credits Director Paul Thomas Anderson Writers Paul Thomas Anderson(written for the screen by) Upton Sinclair(novel "Oil!") Stars Daniel Day-Lewis Paul Dano Ciarán Hinds See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 353Critic reviews 93Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #145 Won 2 Oscars 116 wins & 137 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 2:14 There Will Be Blood Trailer 2:31 There Will Be Blood Trailer 2:33 There Will Be Blood Full Episode 3:17 "Chernobyl" Star Jared Harris Has Never Seen 'Dirty Dancing' Photos182 Top cast Edit Daniel Day-Lewis Daniel Plainviewas Daniel Plainview Paul Dano Paul Sundayas Paul Sunday… Ciarán Hinds Fletcheras Fletcher Martin Stringer Silver Assay Workeras Silver Assay Worker Matthew Braden Stringer Silver Assay Workeras Silver Assay Worker Jacob Stringer Silver Assay Workeras Silver Assay Worker Joseph Mussey Silver Assay Workeras Silver Assay Worker Barry Del Sherman H.B. Ailmanas H.B. Ailman Harrison Taylor Baby HWas Baby HW Stockton Taylor Baby HWas Baby HW Paul F. Tompkins Prescottas Prescott Dillon Freasier HWas HW Kevin Breznahan Signal Hill Manas Signal Hill Man Jim Meskimen Signal Hill Married Manas Signal Hill Married Man Erica Sullivan Signal Hill Womanas Signal Hill Woman Randall Carver Mr. Banksideas Mr. Bankside Coco Leigh Mrs. Banksideas Mrs. Bankside Sydney McCallister Mary Sundayas Mary Sunday Director Paul Thomas Anderson Writers Paul Thomas Anderson(written for the screen by) Upton Sinclair(novel "Oil!") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 No Country for Old Men 7.5 Phantom Thread 8.1 Fargo 8.1 The Big Lebowski 7.3 Punch-Drunk Love 8.2 Taxi Driver 7.5 Gangs of New York 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 6.7 Inherent Vice 7.9 Phantom Thread: For the Hungry Boy (Deleted Scenes) 8.5 The Departed 7.2 The Master Storyline Edit The intersecting life stories of Daniel Plainview and Eli Sunday in early twentieth century California is presented. Miner turn oilman Daniel Plainview is a driven man who will do whatever it takes to achieve his goals. He works hard but he also takes advantage of those around him at their expense if need be. His business partner is his son H.W., who in reality he "acquired" when H.W.'s biological single father, who worked on one of Daniel's rigs, got killed in a workplace accident. Daniel is deeply protective of H.W. if only for what H.W. brings to the partnership. Eli Sunday is one in a pair of twins, whose family farm Daniel purchases for the major oil deposit located on it. Eli, the local preacher and a self-proclaimed faith healer, wants the money from the sale of the property to finance his own church. The lives of the two competitive men often clash as Daniel pumps oil off the property and tries to acquire all the surrounding land at bargain prices to be able to build a pipeline to the coast, and as Eli tries to build his own religious empire. —Huggo oilmisanthropeloss of hearing1910sprospector347 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines There Will Be Greed. There Will Be Vengeance. Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Dillon Freasier (who plays H.W. Plainview, the son of the character played by Daniel Day-Lewis) was not an actor; he was an elementary student near the film's West Texas shooting location. On the radio program "Fresh Air with Terry Gross," Paul Thomas Anderson told Gross that when the production was trying to convince Dillon's mother to allow Dillon to be in the movie, his mother wanted to figure out who Day-Lewis was, so she rented a copy of Gangs of New York (2002) (in which Day-Lewis plays a murderous gang leader nicknamed "The Butcher"). She panicked at the idea of her son spending time with the man she saw in that movie, so the 'There Will Be Blood' casting department rushed to her a copy of The Age of Innocence (1993), in which Day-Lewis plays a civilized and gentle man. Goofs When Eli Sunday lists the towns he will be visiting on his mission, he includes Taft, which would have been named Moron until the 1920s. Quotes Eli Sunday: Why are you talking about Paul? Plainview: I did what your brother couldn't. Eli Sunday: Don't say this to me. Plainview: I broke you and I beat you. It was Paul who told me about you. He's the prophet. He's the smart one. He knew what was there and he found me to take it out of the ground, and you know what the funny thing is? Listen... listen... listen... I paid him ten thousand dollars, cash in hand, just like that. He has his own company now. A prosperous little business. Three wells producing. Five thousand dollars a week. [Eli cries] Plainview: Stop crying, you sniveling ass! Stop your nonsense. You're just the afterbirth, Eli. Eli Sunday: No... Plainview: You slithered out of your mother's filth. Eli Sunday: No. Plainview: They should have put you in a glass jar on a mantlepiece. Where were you when Paul was suckling at his mother's teat? Where were you? Who was nursing you, poor Eli? One of Bandy's sows? That land has been had. Nothing you can do about it. It's gone. It's had. Eli Sunday: If you would just take... Plainview: You lose. Eli Sunday: ...this lease, Daniel... Plainview: Drainage! Drainage, Eli, you boy. Drained dry. I'm so sorry. Here, if you have a milkshake, and I have a milkshake, and I have a straw. There it is, that's a straw, you see? Watch it. Now, my straw reaches acroooooooss the room and starts to drink your milkshake. I... drink... your... milkshake! [sucking sound] Plainview: I drink it up! Eli Sunday: Don't bully me, Daniel! [Daniel roars and throws Eli across the room] Plainview: Did you think your song and dance and your superstition would help you, Eli? I am the Third Revelation! I am who the Lord has chosen! Crazy credits There are no opening credits, except for the title. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: The Bucket List/The Orphanage/The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep/There Will Be Blood/Honeydripper/Persepolis (2008) Soundtracks Popcorn Superhet Receiver Composed by Jonny Greenwood Performed by BBC Concert Orchestra (as The BBC Concert Orchestra) Conducted by Robert Ziegler User reviews1.4K Review Top review Unapologetic Tour de Force PT Anderson's name already means something, or I should say something else. His self assuredness alone gives me shivers. A modern artist with such clear and severe vision of the world. Boogie Nights, Magnolia, even Punch Drunk Love have an Wellesian disregard for what's in or out. His films are landmarks that may infuriate some, confuse others and mesmerize the rest of us. Here, with the rigorous tale of an impervious oil man, PT Anderson outdoes himself. He has Daniel Day Lewis as his accomplice in a performance that would be as difficult to match as it is difficult to describe. There is a monstrous beauty here that not even a broken nose can disguise. The saga is filled with long silent moments of tension that take place in a cinematic canvas and an actor's head. PT Anderson must have known that this was going to be, not only not a mainstream opus but a hard pill to swallow. I for one stand up to applaud his daringness. helpful•239 135 helenkirkwood07 Feb 18, 2008 FAQ12 What does Daniel say to Eli after the baptism? Is "There Will be Blood" based on a book? Why does Daniel turn down the contract at the beginning of the film? Details Edit Release date January 25, 2008 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Languages English American Sign Language Also known as 血色将至 Filming locations Lompoc, California, USA Production companies Paramount Vantage Miramax Ghoulardi Film Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $40,222,514 Opening weekend US & Canada $190,739 Dec 30, 2007 Gross worldwide $76,182,388 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 38 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news ‘Licorice Pizza’ Might Be Tasty Enough for Oscar Voters, but Needs a Dash More Bradley Cooper Nov 12Variety Film + TV Win Free Passes To The St. Louis Advanced Screening Of King Richard – Stars Will Smith Nov 11WeAreMovieGeeks.com Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of There Will Be Blood (2007) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.