To Be or Not to Be (1942) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0035446/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_207
To Be or Not to Be (1942) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In To Be or Not to Be 19421942 PassedPassed 1h 39m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 34K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics ComedyRomanceWar During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy.During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy.During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 34K YOUR RATING Rate Director Ernst Lubitsch Writers Melchior Lengyel(original story) Edwin Justus Mayer(screenplay) Ernst Lubitsch(original story) Stars Carole Lombard Jack Benny Robert Stack Top credits Director Ernst Lubitsch Writers Melchior Lengyel(original story) Edwin Justus Mayer(screenplay) Ernst Lubitsch(original story) Stars Carole Lombard Jack Benny Robert Stack See production, box office & company info 153User reviews 83Critic reviews 86Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #207 Nominated for 1 Oscar 2 wins & 2 nominations total Photos256 Top cast Edit Carole Lombard Maria Turaas Maria Tura Jack Benny Joseph Turaas Joseph Tura Robert Stack Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinskias Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski Felix Bressart Greenbergas Greenberg Lionel Atwill Rawitchas Rawitch Stanley Ridges Professor Siletskyas Professor Siletsky Sig Ruman Colonel Ehrhardtas Colonel Ehrhardt Tom Dugan Bronskias Bronski Charles Halton Producer Jan Doboszas Producer Jan Dobosz George Lynn Actor-Adjutantas Actor-Adjutant Henry Victor Captain Schultzas Captain Schultz Maude Eburne Annaas Anna Halliwell Hobbes General Armstrongas General Armstrong Miles Mander Major Cunninghamas Major Cunningham Rudolph Anders Gestapo Sergeant at Desk at Top of Hotel Stairsas Gestapo Sergeant at Desk at Top of Hotel Stairs (uncredited) Paul Barrett Polish RAF Pilotas Polish RAF Pilot (uncredited) Sven Hugo Borg German Soldieras German Soldier (uncredited) Danny Borzage Member of Audience at Performance of Hamletas Member of Audience at Performance of Hamlet (uncredited) Director Ernst Lubitsch Writers Melchior Lengyel(original story) Edwin Justus Mayer(screenplay) Ernst Lubitsch(original story) (uncredited) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington 8.2 Höstsonaten 8.2 Sherlock Jr. 8.1 It Happened One Night 8.1 La passion de Jeanne d'Arc 8.1 The General 8.1 Le salaire de la peur 8.1 Du rififi chez les hommes 6.8 To Be or Not to Be 8.4 Tengoku to jigoku 8.1 Rebecca 8.2 All About Eve Storyline Edit Joseph and Maria Tura operate and star in their own theater company in Warsaw. Maria has many admirers including a young lieutenant in the Polish air force, Stanislav Sobinski. When the Nazis invade Poland to start World War II, Sobinski and his colleagues flee to England while the Turas find themselves now having to operate under severe restrictions, including shelving a comical play they had written about Adolf Hitler. In England meanwhile, Sobinski and his friends give Professor Siletski - who is about to return to Poland - the names and addresses of their closest relatives so the professor can carry messages for them. When it's learned that Siletski is really a German spy, Sobinski parachutes into Poland and enlists the aid of the Turas and their fellow actors to get that list back. —garykmcd screwball comedyworld war twopolandpolish resistancereference to william shakespeare72 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The Picture Everyone Wants To See. Genres Comedy Romance War Certificate Passed Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia When Jack Benny's father went to see this movie, he was outraged at the sight of his son in a Nazi uniform in the first scene and even stormed out of the theater. Jack convinced his father that it was satire, and he agreed to sit through all of it. His father ended up loving the film so much he saw it forty-six times. Goofs Although having Maria Tura give the cue line "To be or not to be" to the men in the audience she wishes to meet in her dressing room is a very funny premise of the film, it actually would be highly impractical for Maria to think she would have time to meet backstage. Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy is only about 3-4 minutes long and Ophelia has the very next line in the play (in fact Hamlet announces her entrance at the end of his soliloquy), which would barely give Maria any time to meet men in her dressing room. Quotes Joseph Tura: [disguised as Professor Siletsky - speaking about Maria Tura] Her husband is that great, great Polish actor, Josef Tura. You've probably heard of him. Colonel Ehrhardt: Oh, yes. As a matter of fact I saw him on the stage when I was in Warsaw once before the war. Joseph Tura: Really? Colonel Ehrhardt: What he did to Shakespeare we are now doing to Poland. Alternate versions In Poland the movie edited in a brief introduction by Polish actor Kazimierz Rudzki who assure the audience that the movie was done with best intentions by their "American friends", as the time it screened in Poland many people still lived in trauma from the World War II events and some could find a comedy about the German invasion of Poland in poor taste, offensive or hard to swallow. Connections Featured in Showbiz Goes to War (1982) Soundtracks Polonaise in A major, Op. 40, No. 1, 'Military' (1838) (uncredited) Written by Frédéric Chopin Orchestral arrangement by Aleksandr Glazunov Heard during the opening and closing credits User reviews153 Review Top review 8/10 Fiction can make fun of reality, that's the revenge of reason over barbarity... "To Be or Not To Be" doesn't trivialize the barbarity of the Nazi regime as much as it ennobles art and gives an aura of metaphysical importance to laughter, as the main characteristic of the reasonable person. It's precisely because Ernst Lubitsch could laugh at the Nazism that one shouldn't underestimate the sadness and terror that devoured his soul. One could say the same about Chaplin's "Great Dictator", more focused on the inner heroism of the little people while Lubitsch' movie is a love letter to artists, and the work of a true one. Lubitsch grew up in Berlin and became an acting sensation after World War I before becoming one of the most promising directors of Hollywood. A precocious talent with a sense of sophistication that would be known as the 'Lubitsch touch', he was probably under the influence of that boost of creativity and flamboyance that made Berlin an artistic Mecca in the early 30s (like in Bob Fosse's "Cabaret"). His film opens on Warsaw, a more suitable place for free art once Germany surrendered to swastikas. And as if he anticipated the criticism over his subject, the story features a play named "The Gestapo" and satirizing the Nazis. During a rehearsal, the man playing Hitler (Irish actor Tom Dugan) delivers a hilarious and unexpected "Heil myself". The line gets cut by the director who makes it a matter of ethics not to make Nazis funny, much to the actor's reluctance. Basically, Lubitsch asks us the question: should we sacrifice a good line for the sake of seeming decency? How many times haven't we felt the necessity to cross the barrier of good taste because it was so tempting. So the line is censored because of the risk of offending Hitler and when the Germans come on a day of September 1939, the play is cancelled once and for all. The situation resonates like Churchill's parable about war and dishonour, fearing the Nazis is the dishonourable attitude, even when meant to play safe, you're never safe with them, so let's just use your best weapon, guns or gags it doesn't matter. While I was wondering if Lubitsch would have been as loose on the Nazis if he knew about the Camps, I was hiding a chuckle because the line "so they call me Concentration Camp Ehrhardt" kept springing to my mind. Should I feel guilty? No less than for any movie that dared to turn the subject into laughing matter, from Donald Duck's "Der Fuerher's Face" to "La Vita e Bella". It's because Nazis were human that their crimes were horrific, it's because they were human that they should be mocked. Art is the triumph of the intellect over the brutal force, the sensitivity over cynicism, it can be sophisticated and fancy but it can't really do without powerful sentiments, this is why the film makes a good use of Shakespeare's lines (borrowed from "Hamlet" and "The Merchant of Venice") and even more why it focuses on a married couple, the greatest actress of Poland Maria Tura (Carole Lombard) and her hammy husband Joseph (Jack Benny). The film opens with a sort of vaudevillian mood where Maria exploits her husband's "Hamlet" soliloquy to bring the handsome aviator Sobinski (Robert Starck) to her room, the running gag is not overused so Marie doesn't appear too cheap and Joseph too dumb. There's a fine balance between the romance and the screwball situations and they all get along with the intricacies of a plot that involves a sinister but seductive spy named Professor Siletski (Stanley Ridges), who proposes Maria to become an agent. Meanwhile, the troop must absolutely capture the man, confiscate the documents that contain names of Polish Resistant members and get rid of the spy, and this is where their Nazi costumes get quite handy. So we see Jack benny and all his friends impersonating Nazi officers and even Selitski with variable effects, sometimes with the right timing, sometimes a delay force them to rewrite the script. In a sort of meta-referential nod to his own art, Lubitsch directs actors playing directors, actors and writers, proving that sometimes a good act can be a matter of life and death. Hammy too much and your cover is blown if not your head. Maria proves to be a more restrained actress so she can dodge the Nazis' flair, same can't be said about Joseph and Benny's antics endanger the film's credibility in their exaggerated audacity, the man pushes his luck so often it's a wonder how he did survive. The film also suffers from a series of contrivances that happen all too conveniently near the end leading to a rushed climax only redeemed by the hilarious ending. Still, the real black spot in the film's legacy is of course the haunting of Carole Lombard's memory. The actress died in a plane crash a few weeks after the film's release, the USA had just entered the war and she was collecting bonds during a tour across America. In a way, she was a victim of that war though she lived far from the ruins and ashes of Poland, her death cut one of the most promising careers short and made Gable so inconsolable he joined the war too... I avoided that film for a long time because of that story, it had saddened me a lot even more because I happen to be afraid of flying. I couldn't believe how many times she referred to flights during the film, the simple fact that she loved an aviator gives it an eerie feeling, it's just as if the film was doomed to be clouded by tragedy, individual and universal. However, and that might be the secret of "To Be or Not to Be", It's all fiction, it's not reality, the film was criticized when the war was still raging and now it's a classic, once reality is as dead as fiction, what remains is the essence of art.as helpful•7 2 ElMaruecan82 Jun 25, 2019 Details Edit Release date March 6, 1942 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English German Also known as 你逃我也逃 Production company Romaine Film Corporation See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $3,270,000 Gross worldwide $4,578,000 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 39 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.37 : 1 Related news Dinard Festival of British Film sets expanded programme, jury, new sections Sep 1ScreenDaily New to Streaming: Undine, Slow Machine, The Real Thing, Bad Tales & More Jun 4The Film Stage Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was To Be or Not to Be (1942) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.