Tonari no Totoro (1988) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096283/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_154
Tonari no Totoro (1988) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Tonari no Totoro 19881988 GG 1h 26m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 314K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,278 91 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 4 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationFamilyFantasy When two girls move to the country to be near their ailing mother, they have adventures with the wondrous forest spirits who live nearby.When two girls move to the country to be near their ailing mother, they have adventures with the wondrous forest spirits who live nearby.When two girls move to the country to be near their ailing mother, they have adventures with the wondrous forest spirits who live nearby. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 314K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 2,278 91 Director Hayao Miyazaki Writer Hayao Miyazaki Stars Hitoshi Takagi(voice) Noriko Hidaka(voice) Chika Sakamoto(voice) Top credits Director Hayao Miyazaki Writer Hayao Miyazaki Stars Hitoshi Takagi(voice) Noriko Hidaka(voice) Chika Sakamoto(voice) See production, box office & company info 530User reviews 146Critic reviews 86Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #154 Awards 5 wins & 2 nominations Videos4 Trailer 0:31 Official Trailer Clip 1:16 My Neighbor Totoro: BD Clip 1:41 My Neighbor Totoro: BD Clip 1:25 My Neighbor Totoro: BD Photos141 Top cast Edit Hitoshi Takagi Totoroas Totoro (voice) Noriko Hidaka Satsukias Satsuki (voice) Chika Sakamoto Meias Mei (voice) Shigesato Itoi Tatsuo Kusakabeas Tatsuo Kusakabe (voice) Sumi Shimamoto Yasuko Kusakabeas Yasuko Kusakabe (voice) Tanie Kitabayashi Grannyas Granny (voice) Yûko Maruyama Kanta's Motheras Kanta's Mother (voice) Machiko Washio Senseias Sensei (voice) Reiko Suzuki Rôbaas Rôba (voice) Masashi Hirose Kanta's Fatheras Kanta's Father (voice) Toshiyuki Amagasa Kantaas Kanta (voice) Shigeru Chiba Kusakari-Otokoas Kusakari-Otoko (voice) Naoki Tatsuta Cat Busas Cat Bus (voice) … Tarako Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Tomohiro Nishimura Postal Messangeras Postal Messanger (voice) Mitsuko Ishida Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Chie Kôjiro Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) (as Chie Koujiro) Daiki Nakamura Man on Tractoras Man on Tractor (voice) Director Hayao Miyazaki Writer Hayao Miyazaki All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Hauru no ugoku shiro 8.6 Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi 7.9 Majo no takkyûbin 7.7 Gake no ue no Ponyo 8.0 Tenkû no shiro Rapyuta 7.6 Kari-gurashi no Arietti 7.9 Mimi wo sumaseba 7.4 Kokuriko-zaka kara 8.2 Up 8.4 WALL·E 8.1 Finding Nemo 7.2 Neko no ongaeshi Storyline Edit Two young girls, 10-year-old Satsuki and her 4-year-old sister Mei, move into a house in the country with their father to be closer to their hospitalized mother. Satsuki and Mei discover that the nearby forest is inhabited by magical creatures called Totoros (pronounced toe-toe-ro). They soon befriend these Totoros, and have several magical adventures. —Christopher E. Meadows <cmeadows@nyx.cs.du.edu> sister sister relationshipstudio ghiblisick motherfather daughter relationshiplittle girl72 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Genres Animation Family Fantasy Certificate G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The film is partially autobiographical. When Hayao Miyazaki and his brothers were children, his mother suffered from spinal tuberculosis for nine years, and spent much of her time hospitalized. It is implied, yet never revealed in the film, that Satsuki and Mei's mother also suffers from tuberculosis. He once said the film would have been too painful for him to make if the two protagonists were boys instead of girls. Goofs When Mei is walking around with corn, a goat walks up and bears its large teeth. The goat shows a full set of upper and lower teeth. This is a mistake as goats do not have upper teeth. Quotes Tatsuo Kusakabe: Trees and people used to be good friends. I saw that tree and decided to buy the house. Hope Mom likes it too. Okay, let's pay our respects then get home for lunch. Crazy credits Drawings in the closing credits show the mother returning home in a taxi and having a bath with Satsuki and Mei. There is also the appearance of a baby dressed in blue, perhaps a younger sibling (brother?) for the girls. Alternate versions The humorous line spoken at the start of the film, "Come out! Come out! Or we'll pull your eyeballs out!" was deemed 'politically incorrect' by Fox during the making of the English dub. The line is changed to "Come out! Come out!" in the Fox-Streamline English dub. Connections Edited into Miyazaki Dreams of Flying (2017) Soundtracks Tonari no Totoro ("My Neighbor Totoro") Lyrics by Hayao Miyazaki Composed by Joe Hisaishi User reviews530 Review Top review 9/10 Totoro is a Winner Miyazaki's My Neighbor Totoro is a film that should be able to put a smile on any viewers face, and without a doubt, it'll take you on one of the most whimsical and fantastic journey's ever. My Neighbor Totoro is a story that definitely something children can relate with, as i watched this with someone, they immediately paused the film and asked if this reminded me of being 4 years old again. This film really connects with people. But it's far from a quality nostalgia piece, it's well animated, beautiful, avoids cliché stereotypes (from both typical of the Anime genre and Children's Fantasy films), and is beautifully filmed (see scenes such as the girls waiting for the bus with Totoro and the scene where the magic nuts and seeds grow with the help of Totoro). Even the English dub done by Fox isn't as bad everyone states. I've seen the Japanese version, and i'd have to say it's a mixed-bag between having Mei's voice sounds a bit too bratty for the English version, or having the Father's voice sound a bit awkward and perhaps not as caring in the Japanese version. Disney is said to be releasing a re-dub in mid-to-late 2005, so perhaps that will even out the controversy. This film may not reach the heights of other Anime classics (mainly it's double bill with Grave of the Fireflies, or Miyazaki's other masterpieces Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away), however this will definitely be high on any film lovers list, and is definitely a high water mark of it's genre. A solid 9/10, This film is next to impossible to watch without it pushing a smile out of your face. helpful•82 12 ww_sketcher Apr 5, 2005 Details Edit Release date December 14, 2018 (China) Country of origin Japan Official sites Official Site (Japan) Official Site (United States) Language Japanese Also known as 龙猫 Production companies Tokuma Japan Communications Studio Ghibli Nibariki See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,700,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $2,250,213 Opening weekend US & Canada $539,245 Sep 30, 2018 Gross worldwide $30,550,920 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 26 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Stereo Related news Studio Ghibli’s ‘Earwig and the Witch’ Snared by Netflix Oct 14Variety Film + TV ‘It’s Like ‘My Neighbor Totoro’ Gone Wrong!’: Finnish Film ‘The Beast Friend’ Introduces a New Bedtime Story for Adults Sep 15Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Tonari no Totoro (1988) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.