Top News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/news/top/?ref_=hm_nw_tp_tb
Top News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Top News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News House of Gucci breakout Madalina Ghenea is set to take the lead in upcoming shark survival thriller Deep Fear, starring alongside Gossip Girl‘s Ed Westwick. Set in the Caribbean, Deep Fear is described as an “intense and visceral survival thriller with furious action throughout.” Directed by Marcus Adams (Long Time Dead, Octane, The Marksman) with the screenplay co-written by Robert Capelli Jr. (The Rules (for Men), Mail Order Bride) and Sophia Eptamentis (Invincible Summer, What Exit?), Deep Fear is produced Brilliant Pictures’ Sean O’Kelly (Marin Call, Iron Sky) and Marc Bikindou (Black Dahlia, Deception) together with Halo Pictures’ Engelbert Grech (The Raft, Heroes in the Sky) and ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 by Todd Spangler Variety - TV News The original Hogwarts wizarding trio are reuniting to recount their adventures from two decades ago. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson will join filmmaker Chris Columbus and other cast members from all eight “Harry Potter” films for the first time in an HBO Max retrospective special to celebrate the anniversary of the franchise’s first film, “Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone,” which premiered 20 years ago today. “Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts” will premiere on HBO Max on New Year’s Day, Jan. 1, 2022. The feature will “tell an enchanting making-of story through all-new in-depth interviews and cast conversations, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 by Joe Otterson Variety - TV News The “Avatar: The Last Airbender” live-action series at Netflix has cast three key roles, with production on the series now underway. Paul Sun-Hyung Lee will play Uncle Iroh, a retired Fire Nation general and the wise and nurturing mentor to his hot-headed nephew, Prince Zuko. Lim Kay Siu will play Gyatso, a kind and caring Air Nomad monk who is the guardian, father figure and best friend to Aang. And Ken Leung will play Commander Zhao, a scheming and ambitious Fire Nation military officer who’s eager to leverage an unexpected encounter with a desperate Prince Zuko to advance his personal goals. See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 by Brent Lang Variety - Film News Something strange happened to Penélope Cruz as she rehearsed on the set of “Parallel Mothers.” Whenever the crew would come to collect the doll she was using as a stand-in for a flesh-and-blood baby, Cruz tensed up. She became combative. It didn’t matter that it was only a toy — she refused to surrender her child. “It freaked me out,” remembers Cruz. “When the prop department would take the doll, I went psycho. It was my baby. I felt something deep in myself that was like if you take the fucking doll from me, I’m going to hit you.” That primal instinct and protective flame would serve Cruz well when it came to putting “Parallel Mothers,” the story of two women whose children are switched at birth, on the screen. The film, which marks her eighth collaboration with Pedro Almodóvar, is one of the most psychologically rich and surprising of their partnerships, See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 by Jazz Tangcay Variety - Film News Disney and Pixar have released a new trailer for the animated feature “Turning Red,” and it showcases new music from Grammy-winning singer and songwriter Billie Eilish and Finneas. “Turning Red” is set to be released on March 11, 2022, and it’s a coming-of-age story featuring a 13-year-old girl, Mei, set in the early 2000s. Director Domee Shi says, “We needed our character Mei to be obsessed with something that her mom would not approve of. Boy bands were the first step into the world of boys for a lot of girls that age. The guys were all super pretty, polished, soft and loving, and they had of a way of bringing girls and their besties together. Plus, I thought it’d be really cool to create an animated boy band.” Eilish and Finneas contribute three new songs to 4*Town, the fictional band in the movie. “Nobody Like U” is featured in the new trailer. See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Critics Choice Awards Voters’ Guide: 2022 TV Races Heat Up, Thanks in Great Part to ‘Squid Game’ 17 November 2021 by Danielle Turchiano Variety - TV News The Critics Choice Awards stand out in part because the organization combines film and television categories into one night of mega-celebration. But not all elements are created equal on the road to gold. Here, Variety breaks down what is notable about the television submission process and side of the ballot for this year’s awards, which take place Jan. 9 in Los Angeles. The ceremony will be simulcast on the CW and TBS. Two Phase 1 Timelines The Critics Choice Assn. (Cca) does not require formal submissions for film categories, but it does for the television categories. This year, that period was between Sept. See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this What to Expect When the Critics Choice Awards Set the Tone for the 2022 Awards Season 17 November 2021 by Michael Schneider Variety - TV News When NBC decided to cancel 2022’s Golden Globes telecast, the Critics Choice Assn. sprang into action. The group has repositioned its annual Critics Choice Awards, now in its 27th year, as a bit of a replacement for the Globes — straight down to the afterparties. “This creates a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the Critics Choice Awards to take that vital step in becoming what we always hoped it would be: The preeminent critics event in starting off the award season,” says Critics Choice Assn. CEO Joey Berlin, who also serves as an executive producer of the Critics Choice Awards. “We always thought See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this BTS and Coldplay Hit Up American Music Awards for First Live Performance of ‘My Universe’ 17 November 2021 by Chris Willman Variety - TV News For BTS fans, if not Coldplay fans, it might have seemed like an eternity — even though it’s only been two months — wondering if there would be a live performance of the two groups’ collaborative “My Universe” single. It’s coming now, with both acts confirmed for a joint appearance on Sunday’s American Music Awards telecast. BTS will be doing double duty on the ABC show, as the group was already announced as hooking up with Megan Thee Stallion for another performance spot, doing the first live TV rendition of their “Butter Remix” collaboration. The announcement of their booking See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this The Mediapro Studio Makes Strategic Executive Appointments for the Americas 17 November 2021 by Jamie Lang Variety - TV News One of the largest corporate presences at this year’s MipCancun, Spain’s Mediapro, for decades now a sports broker, services provider and producer of auteur films, from Woody Allen and Roman Polanski to Spain’s Isabel Coixet and Fernando León de Aranoa, has made a pair of high-profile executive moves within its flagship The Mediapro Studio production unit, naming Eugeni Sallent as the company’s new head of Latin America and Carolina Bilbao as VP of content and business development for the U.S. Both appointments are representative of an ongoing push among many European “super indies” to grow See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Inside NBC’s ‘Today’ Show Reinvention for the Streaming Era 17 November 2021 by Brian Steinberg Variety - TV News Camera operators, co-anchors and onlookers surround Savannah Guthrie whenever she appears on a broadcast of NBC’s “Today.” For a new streaming offering, however, sometimes she must fly solo. Guthrie is hunkered down in her dressing room two flights of stairs above Studio 1A, the longtime home of the venerable morning show, fidgeting with a ring light that she can’t get to stay in a fixed position due to a faulty clamp. Rainy weather is keeping her from doing what was supposed to be a quick outdoor interview with the country band Lady A for the latest edition of “Six-Minute Marathon, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this MipCancun 2021: A Content Feeding Frenzy, Buzz Titles, Mexico & Big Production Plays 17 November 2021 by John Hopewell and Jamie Lang Variety - TV News One of Reed Midem’s most successful TV events, the fast growing MipCancun has stood out for its efficient one-to-one meeting coordination, a carefully curated conference program and the bigger picture of an exploding premium series production sector in Latin America, offering as sense of real commercial opportunity and larger artistic ambition. As MipCancun director Bénédicte Touchard de Morant reminded delegates on Tuesday night at this year’s inauguration, MipCancun remains in essence a mass networking event. Its very setting, at just one part of a monumental all inclusive hotel on the shores of the Caribbean, in itself encourages ad hoc encounters, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Latin American TV Trends – Broken Down by The Wit at MipCancun 17 November 2021 by Anna Marie de la Fuente Variety - TV News Geneva-based TV ratings analysis company The Wit has presented at MipCancun what it deems to be the current and potential buzz titles in Latin America. Speaking to Variety, The Wit’s managing director Caroline Servy identified at least three trending themes: Empowered women, socially conscious stories and edgy elevated fiction, predominantly made by streamers, that “cuts through the clutter.” Also ruling the field are bio-series with the latest led by “Maradona: Blessed Dream,” which broke recent records on Argentina’s Canal 9 before bowing worldwide on Amazon Prime on October 29. Turkish series are wildly popular in the region but not See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Meghan Markle Makes Surprise Appearance on ‘Ellen’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Meghan Markle is set to make her first daytime talk show appearance in years with The Ellen Show for Thursday’s episode. While Markle did regular daytime and late night talk show rounds as an actress, most notably in USA’s legal drama Suits, that ceased after she joined the Royal family and became The Duchess of Sussex. Thursday’s sit down with DeGeneres not only marks her first major TV talk show interview in years, but first major TV appearance since her and husband Prince Harry’s March sitdown with Oprah Winfrey. In a clip of The Duchess of Sussex’s surprise ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this James Andrew Miller on the Big Revelations in HBO Book ‘Tinderbox’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News The behind-the-scenes story of HBO’s nearly 50-year history is chronicled in investigative reporter James Andrew Miller’s latest book, Tinderbox: HBO’s Ruthless Pursuit of New Frontiers. Miller — the former Washington Post reporter who has written acclaimed oral histories on Saturday Night Live, CAA and ESPN — spoke to 600 past and present HBO executives, creatives and talent for his 975-page examination of the cable network’s rise and longtime reign as the undisputed leader of prestige TV. He also looks at how the company is handling the newfound challenges of the streaming era. What was it like reporting on ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this First Look at Helen Mirren as Golda Meir in ‘Golda’ as ‘Call My Agent’ Star Camille Cottin Joins Cast 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Helen Mirren is former Israeli prime minister Golda Meir in this first look for Guy Nattiv’s upcoming biopic Golda, which has now started shooting in London. Camille Cottin — star of Netflix’s French hit Call My Agent — has also joined the cast of the film, written by Nicholas Martin (Florence Foster Jenkins) and set during the Yom Kippur War of 1973, when Egypt, Syria and Jordan launched a surprise attack on Israel to reclaim territory lost during the Six-Day War in 1967. Described as a “ticking-clock thriller,” Golda charts the high-stakes responsibilities Meir faced and the controversial decision ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Amazon’s ‘The Wheel of Time’: TV Review 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News When you’ve read a 14-volume fantasy series in which the individual books tend to be more than 1,000 pages apiece, it’s a commitment that leaves the dedication to a George R.R. Martin or J.R.R. Tolkien, or most scribes with or without “R.R.” in their appellation, in the dust. Based on my reading of a tiny part of Robert Jordan’s The Wheel of Time franchise, I may not fully understand the devotion of his fans, but I admire it. It isn’t just that fans of The Wheel of Time have consumed all ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this NATAS Unveils New Emmys Ceremony Focusing on Children’s and Family Programming 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News The National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences on Wednesday unveiled the Children’s and Family Emmy Awards, which will debut next year. The children’s and family programming categories had, up to now, been part of the Daytime Emmy Awards, but this move separates them into their own show. The announcement marks the first standalone expansion of the Emmy Award competition since 1979, when the Sports Emmy Awards and the News and Documentary Emmy Awards debuted. NATAS said that children’s and family content represent the fastest-growing genre that it presents awards in, with a 23 percent increase in related programming the past two ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Cynthia Nixon, Saurav Vishnu Team for ‘Tailing Pond’ Documentary Series, Short Film to Bow on ShortsTV (Exclusive) 17 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety - Film News Saurav Vishnu’s award-winning documentary short “Tailing Pond” is being expanded into a six-part documentary series with the involvement of “Sex and the City” actor Cynthia Nixon. Nixon narrated the documentary short, which investigates the horrifying effects of uranium extraction on the health of the indigenous population of Jadugora, Jharkhand in East India, where thousands of children are falling ill and dying from radioactive waste pollution. The film was shot in Jadugora over five years and explores the impact on health and human rights and how the villagers are living amid the situation. The documentary series will follow 12 new families in Jadugora who are suffering due to radioactive poisoning. “I think it’s a wonderful idea, and I would, of course, want to be involved,” Nixon told Variety. “Anything that I can do to bring attention and to get the word out, I would want to be there for.” Tailing See full article at Variety - Film News » Permalink Report this Raising Our Voices: How the ‘King Richard’ Crew Supported Black Girl Power 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News This story is about what came before the Grand Slams and gold medals. King Richard is a look at Venus and Serena Williams’ prelude to tennis superstardom, buoyed by an ultra-supportive family network led by the unrelenting drive and vision of their parents. Will Smith is a producer of the movie and stars as Richard Williams, who infamously drafted a 78-page plan to take his girls — Venus is played by Saniyya Sidney and Serena by Demi Singleton — from running drills on Compton tennis courts to volleying with the world’s best at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open, and beyond.... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this AT&T Expects to Keep Bundling HBO Max With Wireless Plans After Discovery Merger, CFO Says 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News AT&T wireless users can expect continued access to HBO Max after the WarnerMedia-Discovery mega-deal, AT&T CFO Pascal Desroches said on Wednesday. Speaking during Morgan Stanley’s European Technology Media & Telecom Conference, he said that HBO Max would likely continue being available to AT&T wireless customers after the deal closes over the coming months. “I would expect that we will reach a commercial agreement to continue bundling HBO Max,” he said, without providing specifics on the potential timing, length of contract or other details. He added that this would provide a “good service for our customers,”... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. Movie News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Ghostbusters: Afterlife review – defanged retread that is lacking in spirit and laughs 17 November 2021 The Guardian - Film News See All Movie News » TV News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Critics Choice Awards Voters’ Guide: 2022 TV Races Heat Up, Thanks in Great Part to ‘Squid Game’ 17 November 2021 Variety - TV News See All TV News » Celebrity News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News Host Gifts That Will Make You the Best Guest Ever 17 November 2021 E! Online See All Celebrity News » Indie News ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ New Trailer: Tom Holland Battles Doc Ock, Green Goblin, and Electro 17 November 2021 Indiewire Best Harry Potter Merchandise and Collectibles for Every Kind of Fan 17 November 2021 Indiewire Leonardo DiCaprio and ‘Don’t Look Up’ Cast Spent Two Days Improvising One 16-Minute Scene 16 November 2021 Indiewire Michael Keaton and ‘Dopesick’ FYC Event Make for a Hot Hollywood Ticket 16 November 2021 Indiewire Recommendation Machine: The ‘Party Down’ Revival Is a Great Excuse to Watch the Show (Again) 16 November 2021 Indiewire See All Indie News » Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.