Total Recall (2012) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1386703/?ref_=ttls_li_i
Total Recall (2012) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Total Recall 20122012 PG-13PG-13 1h 58m IMDb RATING 6.2/10 248K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 350 174 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:44 11 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi A factory worker, Douglas Quaid, begins to suspect that he is a spy after visiting Rekall - a company that provides its clients with implanted fake memories of a life they would like to have... Read allA factory worker, Douglas Quaid, begins to suspect that he is a spy after visiting Rekall - a company that provides its clients with implanted fake memories of a life they would like to have led - goes wrong and he finds himself on the run.A factory worker, Douglas Quaid, begins to suspect that he is a spy after visiting Rekall - a company that provides its clients with implanted fake memories of a life they would like to have led - goes wrong and he finds himself on the run. IMDb RATING 6.2/10 248K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 350 174 Director Len Wiseman Writers Kurt Wimmer(screenplay by) Mark Bomback(screenplay by) Ronald Shusett(screen story by) Stars Colin Farrell Bokeem Woodbine Bryan Cranston Top credits Director Len Wiseman Writers Kurt Wimmer(screenplay by) Mark Bomback(screenplay by) Ronald Shusett(screen story by) Stars Colin Farrell Bokeem Woodbine Bryan Cranston See production, box office & company info 652User reviews 425Critic reviews 43Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 6 nominations Videos11 Trailer 2:44 No. 2 Trailer 2:29 International Version Trailer 2:25 No. 1 Trailer 0:33 Teaser Trailer 2:25 Total Recall Clip 0:45 "Kiss Goodbye" Clip 0:53 "Happy Trails" Clip 0:52 "Two Weeks" Clip 0:59 "I Went to Rekall After Work" Clip 0:39 "Activated" Video 2:02 Roles That Tom Hardy Turned Down Photos455 Top cast Edit Colin Farrell Douglas Quaidas Douglas Quaid… Bokeem Woodbine Harryas Harry Bryan Cranston Cohaagenas Cohaagen Kate Beckinsale Lori Quaidas Lori Quaid Jessica Biel Melinaas Melina Bill Nighy Matthiasas Matthias John Cho McClaneas McClane Will Yun Lee Marekas Marek Milton Barnes Resistance Fighteras Resistance Fighter James McGowan Military Adjutantas Military Adjutant Natalie Lisinska Bohemian Nurseas Bohemian Nurse Michael Therriault Bank Clerkas Bank Clerk Stephen MacDonald Slackeras Slacker Mishael Morgan Rekall Receptionistas Rekall Receptionist LinLyn Lue Resistance Womanas Resistance Woman Dylan Smith Hammondas Hammond (as Dylan Scott Smith) Andrew Moodie Factory Foremanas Factory Foreman Kaitlyn Leeb Three-Breasted Womanas Three-Breasted Woman Director Len Wiseman Writers Kurt Wimmer(screenplay by) (screen story by) Mark Bomback(screenplay by) Ronald Shusett(screen story by) (based on the motion picture "Total Recall", screenplay by) (based on the motion picture "Total Recall", screen story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.5 Total Recall 6.0 Cowboys & Aliens 6.6 John Carter 6.8 Tron 6.6 Ender's Game 6.1 Jumper 6.7 The Chronicles of Riddick 6.4 Riddick 6.1 I Am Number Four 6.6 Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time 6.7 Underworld: Evolution 6.8 The Island Storyline Edit A remake of the film Total Recall (1990), author Philip K. Dick's classic Sci-Fi short story We Can Remember It for You Wholesale returns to the big screen starring Colin Farrell, Bryan Cranston, and Kate Beckinsale, and directed by Underworld's Len Wiseman. The planet has been decimated by chemical war in the late 21st century, leaving only two nations -- the United Federation of Britain and the Colony. Douglas Quaid (Farrell) is a factory worker with a stable job and a loving wife (Beckinsale), but upon learning that a company named Rekall could grant him the memory of the ultimate espionage adventure, he decides to take a virtual vacation. But in the midst of having the new memories implanted, something goes haywire. He's branded a spy, the authorities close in, and he quickly flees for his life. Later, Quaid discovers that his life and memories were implanted. He joins forces with rebel soldier Melina (Jessica Biel) on a mission to track down Matthias (Bill Nighy), the head of a resistance movement that's been labeled a terrorist organization by the tyrannical Chancellor Cohaagen (Bryan Cranston). Cohaagen seeks to control the entire free world. The harder Quaid fights to defeat him, the clearer it becomes that his memory had been altered long before he walked into Rekall. false memoryimplanted memoryremakebased on short storyvehicle193 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines What is real? Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action, some sexual content, brief nudity, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Actor Colin Farrell actually spent a night on the set because he wanted "to see what it would be like to wake up in the future". Goofs For The Fall to travel the diameter of the Earth in 17 minutes, it would have to maintain an average speed of over 45000 kph (28000 mph). At this speed, it would be impossible for anyone to survive standing on the outside, because of both the airflow and the high temperatures resulting from friction. Quotes Matthias: Mr. Hauser, What is it you want? Doug Quaid: I want to help you. Matthias: That is not the only reason you are here. Doug Quaid: I want to remember. Matthias: Why? Doug Quaid: So I can be myself, be who I was. Matthias: It is each man's quest to find out who he truly is, but the answer to that lies in the present, not in the past. As it is for all of us. Doug Quaid: But the past tells us who we've become. Matthias: The past is a construct of the mind. It blinds us. It fools us into believing it. But the heart wants to live in the present. Look there. You'll find your answer. Alternate versions The scene where the three-breasted woman is topless has been re-shot for the US release due to different moral standards. The version released in European countries is unchanged. Connections Featured in WatchMojo: Another Top 10 Worst Hollywood Remakes (2012) Soundtracks Typhoon Written by Ebow Graham, Pavan Mukhi, Luca Gulotta and Joe Erskine (as Joseph Erskine) Performed by Foreign Beggars featuring Chasing Shadows Courtesy of Dented Records User reviews652 Review Top review 6/10 Energetic Sci-Fi Flick that is Forgettable So what made them decide to remake the great 1990 sci-fi classic? No answer. This year's "Total Recall" remake is an entertaining sci-fi flick with lots of mindless action, extraordinary sets, but redundant. Its visual effects are energetic and watching them on the wide screen is a pleasure but that can't hide the fact that it has a convoluted plot and decent performances by the actors. Colin Farrell replaces the Governator as the lead character here Douglas Quaid. World War III has caused most of Earth uninhabitable and only two territories exist, the United Federation of Britain (UFB) and the Colony (Australia); there is no Mars in this film although it was mentioned in one occasion. Quaid lives in the Colony and every day he uses this elevator service called "The Fall" to get to work in the UFB. One day, he decides to visit Rekall, a place where they implant memories into your mind. The police arrive and Quaid escapes. Later on, everything in his world turns upside down. He then gets involved in a series of action sequences filled with mind-blowing special effects to discover his true identity. Let's start with the good things. The visual effects are just marvelous. The buildings, cities, and everything was just jaw-dropping. It's full of energy. Everything that is part of the set is just so energetic and bright. This is certainly a triumph over the remake. And the action sequences come along with the visual effects. You'll be satisfied with the action sequences as there are more than enough presented here. You have action all the time and you can only catch a short break before explosions run all over the screen again. Like most Philip K. Dick's stories, it's science-fiction and set in the future. So, we expect some rad futuristic technology in this film. And it does not disappoint. A lift that takes you half around the world in just 20 minutes. Flying cars that use some magnetic force or something (I'm not good at science). Handphones that are integrated into your very hand (for video calling, all you have to do is put your hand on any solid like glass or mirrors). This is all great stuff. For those who love seeing futuristic items, this movie offers some great inventions. However, the actors' performances aren't all that great. Colin Farrell is a great actor but he hasn't got the power yet to head an action film. He ain't Arnold Swarzchnegger. A lead in an action film may not be his strongest point but I'm sure he can improve that in a couple of years. Also, Kate Beckinsale gave a stunning performance. She portrayed Lori maliciously. However, Jessica Biel drove a mediocre performance as Melina, the good girl. Her dialogue delivery was typical and she gave a normal performance. The others did decent performances and didn't give anything special. The plot is definitely NOT one of the biggest points for this film. It doesn't change much with the original plot. I like how they added some finishing touches and gave some extra bits to this one. But not all of the scenes work. In fact, sometimes I get confused on what is actually happening in the film. Some of the twists work but some of them just leave me confused. Who's the good guy? Who's the bad guy? Maybe that's part of the movie experience as the main character is in a desperate search for needs but for me, that just makes it confusing. Oh yeah! If you're taking your kids to watch this film, watch out! There's one particular scene where it is inappropriate. Yep! All in all, "Total Recall" is a fun and energetic sci-fi film that is easily forgettable. It's full of action sequences, mind-blowing visual effects, impressive fictional inventions, and fascinating sets. It's full of energy but is downed by some mediocre performances and unclear plot. Overall, it is good but easily forgettable. Rating: 6/10 Final Verdict: This "Total Recall" remake is an energetic sci-fi effort filled with endless action, pleasing visual effects, and cool fictional inventions that is easily forgettable. helpful•12 9 aaronjbong Aug 7, 2012 FAQ9 What is Total Recall about? Is 'Total Recall' based on a book? Are the events in the film real or a dream? Details Edit Release date October 20, 2012 (China) Countries of origin United States Canada Official site Official Facebook Languages English Ukrainian Also known as Truy Tìm Ký Ức Filming locations Lower Bay Station, Toronto, Ontario, Canada Production companies Total Recall Original Film Prime Focus See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $125,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $58,877,969 Opening weekend US & Canada $25,577,758 Aug 5, 2012 Gross worldwide $198,467,168 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 58 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Datasat Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Dolby Surround 7.1 Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Sharon Stone Signs With Artist International Group Nov 15Deadline Film + TV ‘Vulcan’s Hammer’: Francis Lawrence Directs Film Version Of Philip K. Dick Novel In Works From New Republic Nov 8Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Total Recall (2012)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.