Trainspotting (1996) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117951/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_174
Trainspotting (1996) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Trainspotting 19961996 RR 1h 33m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 660K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 785 157 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:55 3 Videos 99+ Photos Drama Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends.Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends.Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 660K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 785 157 Director Danny Boyle Writers Irvine Welsh(based on the novel by) John Hodge(screenplay) Stars Ewan McGregor Ewen Bremner Jonny Lee Miller Top credits Director Danny Boyle Writers Irvine Welsh(based on the novel by) John Hodge(screenplay) Stars Ewan McGregor Ewen Bremner Jonny Lee Miller See production, box office & company info 659User reviews 154Critic reviews 83Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #174 Nominated for 1 Oscar 23 wins & 35 nominations total Videos3 Trailer 1:55 Trainspotting: Blu-Ray Trailer 0:31 Trainspotting Clip 1:21 'Trainspotting' | Anniversary Mashup Photos144 Top cast Edit Ewan McGregor Rentonas Renton Ewen Bremner Spudas Spud Jonny Lee Miller Sick Boyas Sick Boy Kevin McKidd Tommyas Tommy Robert Carlyle Begbieas Begbie Kelly Macdonald Dianeas Diane Peter Mullan Swanneyas Swanney James Cosmo Mr. Rentonas Mr. Renton Eileen Nicholas Mrs. Rentonas Mrs. Renton Susan Vidler Allisonas Allison Pauline Lynch Lizzyas Lizzy Shirley Henderson Gailas Gail Stuart McQuarrie Gavinas Gavin… Irvine Welsh Mikey Forresteras Mikey Forrester Dale Winton Game Show Hostas Game Show Host Keith Allen Dealeras Dealer Kevin Allen Andreasas Andreas Annie Louise Ross Gail's Motheras Gail's Mother (as Ann-Louise Ross) Director Danny Boyle Writers Irvine Welsh(based on the novel by) John Hodge(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.2 T2 Trainspotting 8.3 Snatch 8.1 The Big Lebowski 8.3 A Clockwork Orange 8.2 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels 8.1 The Truman Show 8.3 Reservoir Dogs 8.1 Fargo 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.2 Taxi Driver 8.1 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 8.5 American History X Storyline Edit A wild, freeform, Rabelaisian trip through the darkest recesses of Edinburgh low-life, focusing on Mark Renton and his attempt to give up his heroin habit, and how the latter affects his relationship with family and friends: Sean Connery wannabe Sick Boy, dimbulb Spud, psycho Begbie, 14-year-old girlfriend Diane, and clean-cut athlete Tommy, who's never touched drugs but can't help being curious about them... —Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> filthy toiletscotlanddrugsdrug culturescottish260 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a starter home. Choose dental insurance, leisure wear and matching luggage. Choose your future. But why would anyone want to do a thing like that? Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for graphic heroin use and resulting depravity, strong language, sex, nudity and some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Although it looks thoroughly off putting, the feces in the Worst Toilet in Scotland scene was actually made from chocolate and smelled quite pleasant. Goofs After Renton has sex with Diane, he has nothing on his penis, but once he gets kicked out into the hallway, he pulls a condom off. Quotes [first lines] Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [narrating] Choose Life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family. Choose a fucking big television, choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players and electrical tin openers. Choose good health, low cholesterol, and dental insurance. Choose fixed interest mortgage repayments. Choose a starter home. Choose your friends. Choose leisurewear and matching luggage. Choose a three-piece suit on hire purchase in a range of fucking fabrics. Choose DIY and wondering who the fuck you are on Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing, spirit-crushing game shows, stuffing fucking junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pissing your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked up brats you spawned to replace yourselves. Choose your future. Choose life... But why would I want to do a thing like that? I chose not to choose life. I chose somethin' else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who needs reasons when you've got heroin? Crazy credits The voice-over during the end of the end credits cites the seven movies in which Sean Connery played "James Bond". Alternate versions The Special Edition did not feature the trailer and video. These were available in the Green Edition. UK 'Green Edition' video release is in widescreen format and includes the nine extra scenes featured in the box set special edition, the original theatrical trailer (which doesn't use any of the film's footage) and the complete promotional video of Underworld's Born Slippy, the hit song spawned from the soundtrack. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Courage Under Fire/Walking and Talking/Trainspotting/Harriet the Spy (1996) Soundtracks Lust for Life Performed by Iggy Pop Words and Music by Iggy Pop / David Bowie Published by EMI Music Publishing Ltd/EMI Virgin Music Ltd/Tintoretto Music Administered by RZO Music Courtesy of Virgin Records America Inc User reviews659 Review Top review The Greatest British Movie of All Time This film became almost a cultural phenomenon as soon as it was released in Britain in February 1996. Adapted from the first (and best) book by Irvine Welsh, the film shows the lives of a group of Edinburgh heroin addicts. The film is a black comedy, at times hilarious, tragic, surreal, brutal and uplifting. The film is full of memorable moments such as the chase down Edinburgh's Princes Street which opens the film (I happened to be there when they were filming that scene) and Ewan McGregor diving down the "Worst Toilet in Scotland" headfirst. The film doesn't condemn drug addicts, but it is probably more effective then any amount of preachy moralising as it depicts the devastating consequences that can happen to drug users. The film is well acted by a cast who have (mostly) become pretty famous since. Especially memorable is Robert Carlyle as the violent Begbie. I have seen this film many times. It is an instant classic. Go check it out. helpful•287 68 RobertF87 Feb 28, 2004 FAQ15 Is 'Trainspotting' based on a book? Why is it called "Trainspotting"? What is Sick Boy's actual name? Details Edit Release date February 23, 1996 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United Kingdom Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 猜火车 Filming locations Corrour Station, Highland, Scotland, UK Production companies Channel Four Films Figment Films The Noel Gay Motion Picture Company See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget £1,500,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $16,491,080 Opening weekend US & Canada $262,673 Jul 21, 1996 Gross worldwide $16,770,996 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 33 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby SR Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Buzz Linkyear Oct 27FilmExperience Patrick Patterson & Joel Reilly Launch Undisputed Pictures, Team Up With Producer David Permut For Sports Drama ‘Dock’ Oct 19Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Hindi language plot outline for Trainspotting (1996)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.