True Grit (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1403865/
True Grit (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In True Grit 20102010 PG-13PG-13 1h 50m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 325K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,032 410 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:33 16 Videos 99+ Photos DramaWestern A stubborn teenager enlists the help of a tough U.S. Marshal to track down her father's murderer.A stubborn teenager enlists the help of a tough U.S. Marshal to track down her father's murderer.A stubborn teenager enlists the help of a tough U.S. Marshal to track down her father's murderer. IMDb RATING 7.6/10 325K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,032 410 Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen(screenplay) Ethan Coen(screenplay) Charles Portis(novel) Stars Jeff Bridges Matt Damon Hailee Steinfeld Top credits Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen(screenplay) Ethan Coen(screenplay) Charles Portis(novel) Stars Jeff Bridges Matt Damon Hailee Steinfeld See production, box office & company info 842User reviews 531Critic reviews 80Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 10 Oscars 38 wins & 169 nominations total Videos16 Trailer 0:33 True Grit: "Click" TV Trailer Trailer 2:30 True Grit: Trailer #2 Trailer 1:16 True Grit Clip 1:56 A Guide to the Films of the Coen Brothers Featurette 3:01 True Grit's Music Featurette 2:22 True Grit's Production Design Featurette 2:22 The Production Design of True Grit Featurette 3:01 The Music of True Grit Featurette 4:31 The Costumes of True Grit Featurette 2:57 The Cinematography of True Grit Promo 0:22 True Grit (2010) Promo 0:22 True Grit (2010) Photos209 Top cast Edit Jeff Bridges Rooster Cogburnas Rooster Cogburn Matt Damon LaBoeufas LaBoeuf Hailee Steinfeld Mattie Rossas Mattie Ross Josh Brolin Tom Chaneyas Tom Chaney Barry Pepper Lucky Ned Pepperas Lucky Ned Pepper Dakin Matthews Col. Stonehillas Col. Stonehill Jarlath Conroy Undertakeras Undertaker Paul Rae Emmett Quincyas Emmett Quincy Domhnall Gleeson Moon (The Kid)as Moon (The Kid) Elizabeth Marvel 40-Year-Old Mattieas 40-Year-Old Mattie Roy Lee Jones Yarnellas Yarnell Ed Corbin Bear Manas Bear Man (as Ed Lee Corbin) Leon Russom Sheriffas Sheriff Bruce Green Harold Parmaleeas Harold Parmalee Candyce Hinkle Boarding House Landladyas Boarding House Landlady Peter Leung Mr. Leeas Mr. Lee Don Pirl Cole Youngeras Cole Younger Joe Stevens Cross-examining Lawyeras Cross-examining Lawyer Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen(screenplay) Ethan Coen(screenplay) Charles Portis(novel) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 7.7 O Brother, Where Art Thou? 7.7 3:10 to Yuma 7.3 The Ballad of Buster Scruggs 7.0 Burn After Reading 7.4 True Grit 7.1 A Serious Man 7.6 Hell or High Water 6.3 Hail, Caesar! 7.5 Inside Llewyn Davis 7.7 Miller's Crossing 7.5 The Man Who Wasn't There 7.7 Barton Fink Storyline Edit Following the murder of her father by hired hand Tom Chaney, 14-year-old farm girl Mattie Ross sets out to capture the killer. To aid her, she hires the toughest U.S. marshal she can find, a man with "true grit," Reuben J. "Rooster" Cogburn. Mattie insists on accompanying Cogburn, whose drinking, sloth, and generally reprobate character do not augment her faith in him. Against his wishes, she joins him in his trek into the Indian Nations in search of Chaney. They are joined by Texas Ranger LaBoeuf, who wants Chaney for his own purposes. The unlikely trio find danger and surprises on the journey, and each has his or her "grit" tested. —Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> revisionist westernreference to new mexicodeath by hanginglong drop hangingspanking threat211 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Punishment comes one way or another Genres Drama Western Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some intense sequences of western violence including disturbing images Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Because of child labor laws, Joel Coen and Ethan Coen were unable to film any scenes past midnight with Hailee Steinfeld (especially difficult because the movie contains many night scenes), and because of scheduling problems, any time there is a shot of another character over Mattie's shoulder or back, Mattie is played by an adult double, not Steinfeld. Goofs Mattie and her horse are completely dry right after swimming across the river. This same error occurs in the original film. Quotes LaBoeuf: As I understand it, Chaney... or Chelmsford, as he called himshelf in Texas... shot the senator's dog. When the senator remonstrated, Chelmsford shot him as well. You could argue that the shooting of the dog was merely an instance of malum prohibitum, but the shooting of a senator is indubitably an instance of malum in se. Rooster Cogburn: Malla-men what? Mattie Ross: Malum in se. The distinction is between an act that is wrong in itself, and an act that is wrong only according to our laws and mores. It is Latin. Rooster Cogburn: I am struck that LaBoeuf is shot, trampled, and nearly severs his tongue, and not only does not cease to talk, but spills the banks of English! Crazy credits Buster Coen, Ethan Coen's son, is listed in the end credits as "Mr. Damon's abs double". In reality, he was an on-set assistant to the script supervisor. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #19.51 (2010) Soundtracks LEANING ON THE EVERLASTING ARMS Written by Elisha A. Hoffman and Anthony J. Showalter User reviews842 Review Top review Print the legend.. Few directors working today in America have mastered form like the Coens, I discover this with every new film they make. True Grit is a commercial film made to please but I don't see a compromise in the making and it's still a distinctly Coen film if you pay notice. Try to take out the Coen character from the film and the film breaks apart, it's that tightly woven in the fabric of it. A Coen film works for me in the face of it, but I'm always on the lookout for what goes on behind, for the unseen cogs that grind out the fates of their characters. As with No Country, I came to this film looking to see is there a statement on violence, does it happen in a certain way and is the universe indifferent to it, is life worth a damn? This one here works very much like the Henry Hathaway film from '69, except everyone's better, where John Wayne played a character, Jeff Bridges plays a man, and even Barry Pepper betters my beloved Robert Duvall's turn as Ned Pepper. This probably won't do it for Jeff Bridges because we've been accustomed to expect a certain degree of po-faced seriousness from a great performance (he snarled and staggered in Crazy Heart but he was serious about it), but he's one of the great actors of our times and I find this again in his Rooster Cogburn. Clint Eastwood also fell from a horse in Unforgiven and couldn't shoot a tin can to save his soul, but Munny "was" a scumbag, Cogburn still is and I like that. I like the courtroom scene where it's gradually revealed that he won't only bushwack those he needs to bring to justice, he will lie to make himself out to be the hero. Another interesting aspect here is how the concept of the gunslinger and the western with it has evolved. When John Wayne played Cogburn in the Hathaway film the reward for the audience was the smirk of watching John Wayne be that drunken failure. The casting mattered in our appreciation. In the remake, most comments seem to point out that it's a fairly traditional/entertaining western. The dastardly revisit of something that was revisionist in the 70's oddly seems to give, in our day, a traditional western. We've been accustomed to heroes who are not heroes, and maybe the erosion of that heroic archetype says something about the way we view the world now, as opposed to 30-40 years ago. Then we were beginning to realize that wars are not gloriously, justly won but survived and endured, now we know there is no clear struggle between dual opposites and have grown disenchanted as that knowledge has failed to prevent the same wars. Now we know there is stuff about the legends that don't make the print, or we are suspicious enough about legends to imagine them. Is this a traditional western then? Watching True Grit through the eyes of the brass 14yo girl reminded me of Winter's Bone, another film from the same year. In both cases a young girl is determined to plunge herself in a dark world of hurt and walk a path fraught with perils on all sides to achieve a moral purpose, both films maintain an appearance of realism, but what I get from them is a magical fantasy. This becomes more apparent when Mattie falls in the snakepit, but what about the hanged men who are really hanged high? The Hathaway film, ostensibly based on the same material, missed that note and played out a straight western. The Coen film unfolds as a hazy dream of that West. Although I wished for more open landscapes, it makes sense then that film narrows our gaze and clouds the margins. Perhaps we are even seeing the film as Mattie relives the experience in her old age, an affair shaped by memory and time. This is the marvellous touch effected by the Coens on the material; the minute recreation of the Old West as a historical place and the odd, incongruous moments found within it annihilate any authority over the material. The epilogue is important in that aspect. It's not only that Mattie's revenge didn't accomplish anything, that it was for her merely another practical inconvenience to be bargained, paid for, and settled, like her father's ponies and saddle or the service of the US Marshall before, but that she clings to the memory of it so fiercely. What's horrifying then is not so much the violence of the West but the idealization of that violence. The film closes in a time around the turn of the century, people like Cogburn roosted in Wild West shows for a cheering audience, and Mattie is one of the people who lived to tell the tales. Out of those tales, the western of John Ford and Raoul Walsh emerged to print the legend. In a roundabout fantastic way, the Coens give us the true account, the creation myth behind the western. helpful•96 53 chaos-rampant Jan 24, 2011 FAQ7 Is "True Grit" based on a book? In what year is True Grit set? Rooster asks Mattie what she has in her "poke." What's a poke? Details Edit Release date December 22, 2010 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site (France) Language English Also known as 大地惊雷 Filming locations New Mexico, USA Production companies Paramount Pictures Skydance Media Scott Rudin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $38,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $171,243,005 Opening weekend US & Canada $24,830,443 Dec 26, 2010 Gross worldwide $252,276,927 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 50 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Cancelled or Renewed? Status of NBC TV Shows Nov 14TVSeriesFinale.com ‘Dickinson’ Doesn’t Want You to Remember the Titular Poet as Just the ‘Original Sad Girl’ Nov 5Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was True Grit (2010) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.