TV News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/news/tv/?ref_=nv_nw_tv
TV News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In TV News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 by Todd Spangler Variety - TV News The original Hogwarts wizarding trio are reuniting to recount their adventures from two decades ago. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson will join filmmaker Chris Columbus and other cast members from all eight “Harry Potter” films for the first time in an HBO Max retrospective special to celebrate the anniversary of the franchise’s first film, “Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone,” which premiered 20 years ago today. “Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts” will premiere on HBO Max on New Year’s Day, Jan. 1, 2022. The feature will “tell an enchanting making-of story through all-new in-depth interviews and cast conversations, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 by Joe Otterson Variety - TV News The “Avatar: The Last Airbender” live-action series at Netflix has cast three key roles, with production on the series now underway. Paul Sun-Hyung Lee will play Uncle Iroh, a retired Fire Nation general and the wise and nurturing mentor to his hot-headed nephew, Prince Zuko. Lim Kay Siu will play Gyatso, a kind and caring Air Nomad monk who is the guardian, father figure and best friend to Aang. And Ken Leung will play Commander Zhao, a scheming and ambitious Fire Nation military officer who’s eager to leverage an unexpected encounter with a desperate Prince Zuko to advance his personal goals. See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News FX on Hulu’s limited series Fleishman Is in Trouble has cast the first of its three lead roles. Lizzy Caplan will star in the limited series based on Taffy Brodesser-Akner’s best-selling novel about a marriage gone wrong. She’ll play Libby, the narrator of the story and a long-time friend of the title character, Dr. Toby Fleishman. Fleishman Is in Trouble is the second major series role Caplan has booked in the past week. She’s also set to star in a series adaptation of Fatal Attraction at Paramount+ as Alex, the role played by Glenn Close in the 1987 film. Ordered to ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, who starred as Gavin Dillon in legal drama Raising the Bar and played serial killer Howard Epps on Bones, has died. He was 41. Freeman’s management team confirmed his passing to The Hollywood Reporter. The date and cause of death were not disclosed, and there are no “further details at this juncture,” according to the actor’s manager, Joe Montifiore. “We are truly devastated at the loss of our beloved Heath Freeman,” Freeman’s team wrote in a statement provided to THR. “A brilliant human being with an intense and soulful spirit, he leaves us ... See full article at The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News » Permalink Report this Critics Choice Awards Voters’ Guide: 2022 TV Races Heat Up, Thanks in Great Part to ‘Squid Game’ 17 November 2021 by Danielle Turchiano Variety - TV News The Critics Choice Awards stand out in part because the organization combines film and television categories into one night of mega-celebration. But not all elements are created equal on the road to gold. Here, Variety breaks down what is notable about the television submission process and side of the ballot for this year’s awards, which take place Jan. 9 in Los Angeles. The ceremony will be simulcast on the CW and TBS. Two Phase 1 Timelines The Critics Choice Assn. (Cca) does not require formal submissions for film categories, but it does for the television categories. This year, that period was between Sept. See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this What to Expect When the Critics Choice Awards Set the Tone for the 2022 Awards Season 17 November 2021 by Michael Schneider Variety - TV News When NBC decided to cancel 2022’s Golden Globes telecast, the Critics Choice Assn. sprang into action. The group has repositioned its annual Critics Choice Awards, now in its 27th year, as a bit of a replacement for the Globes — straight down to the afterparties. “This creates a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the Critics Choice Awards to take that vital step in becoming what we always hoped it would be: The preeminent critics event in starting off the award season,” says Critics Choice Assn. CEO Joey Berlin, who also serves as an executive producer of the Critics Choice Awards. “We always thought See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Psych 3 Is About Getting to 'The Longest Scene We've Ever Done, and It's Going to Be Bonkers' 17 November 2021 by Matt Webb Mitovich TVLine.com From go, the third Psych movie was simply pregnant with possibilities. Premiering this Thursday on the Peacock streaming service, Psych 3: This Is Gus finds the titular “Groomzilla” (played by Dulé Hill) and Bff Shawn (James Roday Rodriguez, who also co-wrote the movie) valiantly attempting to track down mom-to-be Selene’s estranged husband, in preparation for a shotgun wedding before the birth of Baby Guster. More from TVLineWatch Psych 3's First 4 Minutes: An Empanada-rrito Ruins Lassie's MomentPsych 3 Trio Tease Ladies' Night, Protective Juliet, Vulnerable Chief ('We Were in Tears') and 'Crazy' SelenePsych 3's Timothy Omundson See full article at TVLine.com » Permalink Report this BTS and Coldplay Hit Up American Music Awards for First Live Performance of ‘My Universe’ 17 November 2021 by Chris Willman Variety - TV News For BTS fans, if not Coldplay fans, it might have seemed like an eternity — even though it’s only been two months — wondering if there would be a live performance of the two groups’ collaborative “My Universe” single. It’s coming now, with both acts confirmed for a joint appearance on Sunday’s American Music Awards telecast. BTS will be doing double duty on the ABC show, as the group was already announced as hooking up with Megan Thee Stallion for another performance spot, doing the first live TV rendition of their “Butter Remix” collaboration. The announcement of their booking See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Star Trek: Discovery Boss Previews Season 4's 'Scientific Anomaly,' Michael Burnham as Captain 17 November 2021 by Keisha Hatchett TVLine.com After getting to the root cause of the Burn, a disastrous event that rendered all dilithium in the galaxy useless, Star Trek: Discovery’s eponymous crew can look ahead to the future in Season 4. The new season, which premieres this Wednesday on Paramount+, will see Burnham and Co. continue their efforts to rebuild the Federation now that ships can travel at warp speed, and representatives from different worlds like Trill and Ni’Var are expressing interest in rejoining the historic union of planets. More from TVLineFirst Halo Teaser for Paramount+ Series Reveals Master Chief, Scars and AllChallenge: All Stars Premiere Recap: OGs In the House! See full article at TVLine.com » Permalink Report this The Mediapro Studio Makes Strategic Executive Appointments for the Americas 17 November 2021 by Jamie Lang Variety - TV News One of the largest corporate presences at this year’s MipCancun, Spain’s Mediapro, for decades now a sports broker, services provider and producer of auteur films, from Woody Allen and Roman Polanski to Spain’s Isabel Coixet and Fernando León de Aranoa, has made a pair of high-profile executive moves within its flagship The Mediapro Studio production unit, naming Eugeni Sallent as the company’s new head of Latin America and Carolina Bilbao as VP of content and business development for the U.S. Both appointments are representative of an ongoing push among many European “super indies” to grow See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Legends' Matt Ryan Previews Gwyn's Tragic Backstory, Details What He Does (and Doesn't) Share With Constantine 17 November 2021 by Vlada Gelman TVLine.com When Matt Ryan debuted his new character on last week’s Legends of Tomorrow, the actor was almost unrecognizable underneath Dr. Gwyn Davies’ neurotic, scruffy exterior. The circa 1925 scientist not only looks different than John Constantine, but he also carries himself in a way that’s completely unlike the cocky master of the dark arts. That physical transformation is a manifestation of the guilt and emotional turmoil that torments Gwyn, and this Wednesday’s episode (The CW, 8/7c) will start to unravel that which plagues the Legends newcomer, Ryan previews in the below Q&a. More from TVLineRiverdale Boss Confirms See full article at TVLine.com » Permalink Report this Inside NBC’s ‘Today’ Show Reinvention for the Streaming Era 17 November 2021 by Brian Steinberg Variety - TV News Camera operators, co-anchors and onlookers surround Savannah Guthrie whenever she appears on a broadcast of NBC’s “Today.” For a new streaming offering, however, sometimes she must fly solo. Guthrie is hunkered down in her dressing room two flights of stairs above Studio 1A, the longtime home of the venerable morning show, fidgeting with a ring light that she can’t get to stay in a fixed position due to a faulty clamp. Rainy weather is keeping her from doing what was supposed to be a quick outdoor interview with the country band Lady A for the latest edition of “Six-Minute Marathon, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this MipCancun 2021: A Content Feeding Frenzy, Buzz Titles, Mexico & Big Production Plays 17 November 2021 by John Hopewell and Jamie Lang Variety - TV News One of Reed Midem’s most successful TV events, the fast growing MipCancun has stood out for its efficient one-to-one meeting coordination, a carefully curated conference program and the bigger picture of an exploding premium series production sector in Latin America, offering as sense of real commercial opportunity and larger artistic ambition. As MipCancun director Bénédicte Touchard de Morant reminded delegates on Tuesday night at this year’s inauguration, MipCancun remains in essence a mass networking event. Its very setting, at just one part of a monumental all inclusive hotel on the shores of the Caribbean, in itself encourages ad hoc encounters, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Latin American TV Trends – Broken Down by The Wit at MipCancun 17 November 2021 by Anna Marie de la Fuente Variety - TV News Geneva-based TV ratings analysis company The Wit has presented at MipCancun what it deems to be the current and potential buzz titles in Latin America. Speaking to Variety, The Wit’s managing director Caroline Servy identified at least three trending themes: Empowered women, socially conscious stories and edgy elevated fiction, predominantly made by streamers, that “cuts through the clutter.” Also ruling the field are bio-series with the latest led by “Maradona: Blessed Dream,” which broke recent records on Argentina’s Canal 9 before bowing worldwide on Amazon Prime on October 29. Turkish series are wildly popular in the region but not See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this BAFTA Names Pippa Harris as VP for Television 17 November 2021 by Manori Ravindran Variety - TV News BAFTA has appointed Dame Pippa Harris, co-founder of Neal Street Productions, as its VP for television. She takes over for Greg Dyke, who occupied the role from 2016 until this year. Other VPs for television in the past have included Lord Michael Grade (2004-2010) and former Endemol Shine boss Sophie Turner Laing (2010-2015). Harris has been closely involved with BAFTA for over 10 years and joined the board as deputy chair of the film committee in 2011. She was made chair of the film committee in 2015, and chair of the Academy in 2018. BAFTA can appoint up to three VPs, one in each of the three sectors of film, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this ‘Bloods’ Season 2 Begins Shoot, Season 1 to Stream on Hulu – Global Bulletin 17 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety - TV News Production Principal photography has commenced on Season 2 of acclaimed Sky original paramedic comedy “Bloods.” U.S. streaming service Hulu has acquired the series in a multi-season deal and season 1 will debut on the streamer Dec. 9. The series stars BAFTA nominated Samson Kayo and Golden Globe nominated Jane Horrocks. The first season had eight episodes while the second will have 10. Bloods follows tough-acting loner Maleek (Kayo) and over-friendly divorcee Wendy (Horrocks), a pair of mismatched paramedics, and their fellow ambulance station colleagues through the life-saving world of a south London emergency service. Katherine Kelly (“Innocent”) and Nathan Foad (“Our Flag Means Death See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this Beach House Pictures Takes Majority Stake in Singapore’s Momo Film Co. 17 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety - TV News Asia-based production firm Beach House Pictures has acquired a majority stake in Tan Si En and Kris Ong’s Singapore-based Momo Film Co. Tan Si En’s producer credits include 2021 Cannes selection “The Year of the Everlasting Storm,” and Anthony Chen’s Toronto, London and Pingyao title “Wet Season.” Kris Ong, a script consultant at HBO Asia, is also a writer-director whose latest short film “Sunday” had its world premiere at the Palm Springs International Shortfest in 2019. She is also the co-writer on He Shuming’s debut feature film “Ajoomma,” which is currently in production. Beach House, a Blue Ant Media company, See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this ‘New Amsterdam’: Max & Brantley vs. Veronica Ends in a Shocking Vote (Recap) 17 November 2021 TV Insider [Warning: The below contains Major spoilers for New Amsterdam Season 4, Episode 9 “In a Strange Land.”] After Dr. Veronica Fuentes (Michelle Forbes) laid off a large number of the staff — including Casey (Alejandro Hernandez), Gladys (Megan Byrne), and Baptiste (Andre Blake) in Bloom (Janet Montgomery), Iggy (Tyler Labine), and Reynolds’ (Jocko Sims) places after Max (Ryan Eggold) fought for them — she’s once again on the (soon-to-be former) medical director’s bad side in the latest New Amsterdam episode. And this time, Karen Brantley (Debra Monk) is with Max: Veronica needs to go. When multiple victims from a church fire end up at the hospital, the doctors soon learn everyone is undocumented. Ice has been circling the church for weeks and now is set up outside the hospital. Then, Ice gets warrants for everyone and is able to enter the hospital. In response, Max turns the cafeteria into a church, making it a sanctuary for their patients. Veronica, of course, is ... See full article at TV Insider » Permalink Report this Queen Sugar's Tina Lifford Breaks Down Season 6 Finale's Bordelon Win and Vi's Overdue Reunion With Blue 17 November 2021 by Mekeisha Madden Toby TVLine.com While we all know troubles don’t last always, the Bordelon family’s difficult times on Queen Sugar seem to dwell longer than most. Thankfully, that trend shifted when the Season 6 finale of the endearing OWN drama aired this Tuesday and finally gave the Bordelons a much-needed win. Sam Landry had tried to blackmail the family into selling their farm to him by using Ralph Angel’s crime as leverage. More from TVLineQueen Sugar Renewed for Seventh and Final Season at OWNQueen Sugar Team Unpacks Aunt Vi and Ralph Angel's ReconciliationQueen Sugar's Henry Sanders Previews a Closer Prosper/Billie Bond, See full article at TVLine.com » Permalink Report this How ‘Adele: One Night Only’ Special Avoided Rain, Found Its Marriage Proposal Couple and Captured L.A. From the Air 17 November 2021 by Cynthia Littleton Variety - TV News It only rains about one day in October in Los Angeles. That’s what Ben Winston discovered in his research earlier this year as the producer began to scope out the best possible dates to stage an Adele concert special at the Griffith Observatory. Winston, executive producer of the CBS special “Adele: One Night Only,” which scored more than 10 million viewers in its debut on Sunday, revealed that the carefully laid plans for the special were redrawn quickly when it became clear via weather radar about 72 hours before that it was definitely going to pour on Oct. 25, the day that See full article at Variety - TV News » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. Top News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Netflix Live-Action Series Casts Its Uncle Iroh, Gyatso, and Commander Zhao 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News See All Top News » Movie News Ed Westwick, Madalina Ghenea Team for Shark Survival Thriller ‘Deep Fear’ 17 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News ‘Parallel Mothers’ Star Penélope Cruz on Collaborating With Pedro Almodóvar: ‘He Cannot Lie to Me, and I’m the Same Way With Him’ 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Pixar’s ‘Turning Red’ Features New Songs by Billie Eilish and Finneas 17 November 2021 Variety - Film News Ghostbusters: Afterlife review – defanged retread that is lacking in spirit and laughs 17 November 2021 The Guardian - Film News See All Movie News » Celebrity News Harry Potter ‘Return to Hogwarts’ Special to Reunite Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint for HBO Max 16 November 2021 Variety - TV News Lizzy Caplan to Star in ‘Fleishman Is in Trouble’ at FX on Hulu 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Heath Freeman, ‘Bones’ and ‘NCIS’ Actor, Dies at 41 16 November 2021 The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News Mel Gibson to Direct ‘Lethal Weapon 5’ 15 November 2021 Variety - Film News Host Gifts That Will Make You the Best Guest Ever 17 November 2021 E! Online See All Celebrity News » Indie News ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ New Trailer: Tom Holland Battles Doc Ock, Green Goblin, and Electro 17 November 2021 Indiewire Best Harry Potter Merchandise and Collectibles for Every Kind of Fan 17 November 2021 Indiewire Leonardo DiCaprio and ‘Don’t Look Up’ Cast Spent Two Days Improvising One 16-Minute Scene 16 November 2021 Indiewire Michael Keaton and ‘Dopesick’ FYC Event Make for a Hot Hollywood Ticket 16 November 2021 Indiewire Recommendation Machine: The ‘Party Down’ Revival Is a Great Excuse to Watch the Show (Again) 16 November 2021 Indiewire See All Indie News » Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.