TV Series/TV Mini-Series, Post Production/Filming/Pre Production/Completed/Script/Announced (Sorted by Popularity Ascending) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/search/title?production_status=post_production,filming,pre_production,completed,script,announced&title_type=tv_series,mini_series&explore=genres&pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=3d57da14-d6fc-4598-ae48-32c97e707462&pf_rd_r=X7QS9TCT7ZBWVJQBWKF8&pf_rd_s=right-3&pf_rd_t=15051&pf_rd_i=genre&ref_=ft_gnr_tvch_3
TV Series/TV Mini-Series,
Post Production/Filming/Pre Production/Completed/Script/Announced
(Sorted by Popularity Ascending) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In TV Series/TV Mini-Series, Post Production/Filming/Pre Production/Completed/Script/Announced (Sorted by Popularity Ascending) View Mode: Compact | Detailed 1-50 of 4,060 titles. | Next » Sort by: Popularity▲ | A-Z | User Rating | Number of Votes | US Box Office | Runtime | Year | Release Date | Date of Your Rating | Your Rating 1. Cowboy Bebop (2021– ) Action, Adventure, Crime | Completed A ragtag crew of bounty hunters chases down the galaxy's most dangerous criminals. They'll save the world - for the right price. Stars: Daniella Pineda, Elena Satine, John Cho, Mustafa Shakir 2. The Book of Boba Fett (2021– ) Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi | Post-production The spin-off of "The Mandalorian" will star Temeura Morrison as Boba Fett and Ming-Na Wen as Fennec Shand. Stars: Temuera Morrison, Ming-Na Wen, Jennifer Beals 3. Hawkeye (2021) 60 min | Action, Adventure, Crime | Completed Series based on the Marvel Comics superhero Hawkeye, centering on the adventures of Young Avenger, Kate M. Bishop, who took on the role after the original Avenger, Clint Barton. Stars: Jeremy Renner, Hailee Steinfeld, Florence Pugh, Vera Farmiga 4. Obi-Wan Kenobi (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi | Post-production Plot undisclosed. Stand-alone spinoff feature from the Star Wars franchise centering on Obi-Wan Kenobi. Stars: Kumail Nanjiani, Hayden Christensen, Ewan McGregor, Joel Edgerton 5. She-Hulk (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Comedy | Post-production Jennifer Walters acquires Hulk-like qualities. Stars: Tatiana Maslany, Mark Ruffalo, Tim Roth, Jameela Jamil 6. Moon Knight (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Drama | Post-production Marc Spector is a former CIA agent whose life is saved by the Moon God, Khonshu. Stars: Oscar Isaac, Ethan Hawke, Gaspard Ulliel, May Calamawy 7. And Just Like That... (2021– ) Comedy, Drama, Romance | Post-production The series will follow Carrie, Miranda and Charlotte as they navigate the journey from the complicated reality of life and friendship in their 30s to the even more complicated reality of life and friendship in their 50s. Stars: Sarah Jessica Parker, Kristin Davis, Karen Pittman, Nicole Ari Parker 8. The Sandman (2022– ) Action, Drama, Fantasy | Post-production Upon escaping after decades of imprisonment by a mortal wizard, Dream, the personification of dreams, sets about to reclaim his lost equipment. Stars: Patton Oswalt, David Thewlis, Jenna Coleman, Boyd Holbrook 9. Peacemaker (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Comedy | Post-production The origin of the DC superhero so dedicated to world peace that he is prepared to use force of arms to achieve it. Stars: John Cena, Jennifer Holland, Robert Patrick, Chukwudi Iwuji 10. Guida astrologica per cuori infranti (2021– ) 30 min | Comedy, Romance | Completed 7.1 Rate this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 7.1/10 X Alice is heartbroken and hopelessly single. But after befriending a charismatic astrology guru, she looks to the stars to find her perfect match. Stars: Claudia Gusmano, Michele Rosiello, Lorenzo Adorni, Alberto Paradossi Votes: 1,014 11. Monarch (2022– ) Drama, Music | Pre-production The Romans have created a country music dynasty but when their reign as country royalty is put in jeopardy, Nicolette will stop at nothing to protect her family's legacy. Stars: Taegen Burns, Kevin Cahoon, Ava Grace, Susan Sarandon 12. The Sex Lives of College Girls (2021– ) Comedy | Completed Three 18-year-old freshman roommates at Evermore College in Vermont. A bundle of contradictions and hormones, these sexually active college girls are equal parts lovable and infuriating. Stars: Pauline Chalamet, Amrit Kaur, Isabella Roland, Matt Malloy 13. Ms. Marvel (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Comedy | Post-production New Jersey raised Kamala Khan learns she has polymorphous powers. Stars: Iman Vellani, Matt Lintz, Rish Shah, Zenobia Shroff 14. The Beatles: Get Back (2021) Documentary, Music | Completed Documentary about the music group The Beatles featuring in-studio footage that was shot in early 1969 for the 1970 feature film 'Let It Be.' Stars: John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, Ringo Starr 15. Station Eleven (2021– ) Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi | Post-production Survivors of a devastating flu pandemic try to rebuild their lives after losing everything. Stars: Joe Pingue, Danielle Deadwyler, Mackenzie Davis, Himesh Patel 16. The Proud Family: Louder and Prouder (2022– ) Animation, Comedy, Family | Post-production Plot Unknown, Continuations of The Proud Family (2001). Stars: Karen Malina White, Keke Palmer, Tommy Davidson, Brenda Song 17. Hollington Drive (2021– ) 60 min | Thriller | Completed 5.1 Rate this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 5.1/10 X The lives of two sisters, Theresa, and her older head teacher sibling, Helen, and a missing child. Stars: Anna Maxwell Martin, Rhashan Stone, Ken Nwosu, Tia may Watts Votes: 798 18. Ahsoka Action, Adventure, Drama | Pre-production Series centers on the adventures of Ahsoka Tano. A spin-off from 'The Mandalorian'. Stars: Rosario Dawson, Hayden Christensen 19. Ironheart Action, Adventure, Drama | Pre-production The genius teenage-girl inventor Riri Williams creates the most advanced suit of armor since Iron Man. Star: Dominique Thorne 20. Star Trek: Strange New Worlds (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi | Post-production A prequel to Star Trek: The Original Series, the show will follow the crew of the USS Enterprise under Captain Christopher Pike. Stars: Anson Mount, Rebecca Romijn, Babs Olusanmokun, Ethan Peck 21. Vikings: Valhalla (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Drama | Post-production Follow-up series to 'Vikings' set 100 years afterward and centering on the adventures of Leif Erikson, Freydis, Harald Hardrada and the Norman King William the Conqueror. Stars: Pollyanna McIntosh, Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson, David Oakes, Frida Gustavsson 22. Andor (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Drama | Post-production Prequel series to Star Wars' 'Rogue One', following the adventures of Cassian Andor during the formative years of the Rebellion. Stars: Diego Luna, Anton Valensi, Stellan Skarsgård, Adria Arjona 23. The Cleaning Lady (2022– ) Crime, Drama, Thriller | Pre-production A whip-smart Cambodian doctor comes to the U.S. for a medical treatment to save her son, but when the system fails and pushes her into hiding, she uses her cunning and intelligence to fight back, breaking the law for all the right reasons. Stars: Gabriela Alicia Ortega, Shiva Negar, Jay Mohr, Dan Davidson 24. True Story (III) (2021) Crime, Drama, Thriller | Completed A tour stop in Kid's hometown of Philadelphia becomes a matter of life and death for one of the world's most famous comedians. Stars: Kevin Hart, Wesley Snipes, Theo Rossi, William Catlett 25. Pam & Tommy Biography, Drama, Romance | Post-production Follows the story of their relationship going back to their whirlwind romance that started with them marrying after only knowing each other for 96 hours in 1995. Stars: Lily James, Sebastian Stan, Nick Offerman, Taylor Schilling 26. Halo (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi | Post-production Aliens threaten human existence in an epic 26th-century showdown. TV series based on the video game 'Halo'. Stars: Pablo Schreiber, Natascha McElhone, Yerin Ha, Bokeem Woodbine 27. The Acolyte Action, Adventure, Drama | Pre-production Star Wars series that take viewers into a galaxy of shadowy secrets and emerging dark-side powers in the final days of the High Republic era. 28. Harlem (2021– ) 30 min | Comedy | Post-production A group of four friends follow their dreams after graduating from college together. Stars: Tyler Lepley, Meagan Good, Grace Byers, Shoniqua Shandai 29. Landscapers (2021– ) Comedy, Crime, Drama | Post-production A devoted and mild-mannered couple decides to kill spouse's parents. Stars: Olivia Colman, David Thewlis, Samuel Anderson, Kate O'Flynn 30. The Midnight Club (2022– ) Drama, Horror, Mystery | Post-production The Midnight Club follows a group of five terminally ill patients at Rotterdam Home, who begin to gather together at midnight to share scary stories. Stars: Samantha Sloyan, Zach Gilford, Igby Rigney, Heather Langenkamp 31. The Hot Zone: Anthrax (2021– ) Completed A look a the events that took place in 2001, just weeks after 9/11, when the United States was rocked by another deadly act of terrorism. Stars: Daniel Dae Kim, Tony Goldwyn, Dawn Olivieri, Ian Colletti 32. 1899 (2022– ) Drama, History, Horror | Post-production Multinational immigrants traveling from the old continent to the new encounter a nightmarish riddle aboard a second ship adrift on the open sea. Stars: Emily Beecham, Aneurin Barnard, Alexandre Willaume, Anton Lesser 33. Tiana (2022– ) Animation, Adventure, Comedy | Pre-production Tiana continues to explore New Orleans in a musical series. Star: Anika Noni Rose 34. The Staircase Crime, Drama, Mystery | Post-production A man, grieving the death of his wife who fell down a staircase, is accused of murdering her. Stars: Michael Stuhlbarg, Sophie Turner, Toni Collette, Colin Firth 35. Reacher Action | Post-production TV series based on Lee Child's 'Jack Reacher' novels. Stars: Alan Ritchson, Malcolm Goodwin, Willa Fitzgerald, Kristin Kreuk 36. Crime (2021– ) Crime | Post-production When an Edinburgh schoolgirl is abducted DI Ray Lennox, due to his own traumatic past, identifies strongly with the victim. He believes the murderer is the serial killer Mister Confectioner... See full summary » Stars: Dougray Scott, Joanna Vanderham, Jamie Sives, Angela Griffin 37. The Terminal List (2022– ) Drama, Thriller | Post-production A former Navy SEAL officer investigates why his entire platoon was ambushed during a high-stakes covert mission. Stars: LaMonica Garrett, Christina Vidal, Alexis Louder, JD Pardo 38. The Son Crime, Drama | Pre-production A son questions his father's suicide, and seeks out those who killed him. Director: Denis Villeneuve | Star: Jake Gyllenhaal 39. Tokyo Vice (2022– ) Crime, Drama, Thriller | Post-production A Western journalist working for a publication in Tokyo takes on one of the city's most powerful crime bosses. Stars: Ansel Elgort, Ken Watanabe, Rachel Keller, Ella Rumpf 40. Inventing Anna (2022– ) Drama | Post-production A journalist with a lot to prove investigates the case of Anna Delvey, the Instagram-legendary German heiress who stole the hearts of New York's social scene - and stole their money as well. Stars: Julia Garner, Anna Chlumsky, Arian Moayed, Laverne Cox 41. Abbott Elementary (2021– ) Comedy | Pre-production Follows a group of teachers brought together in one of the worst public schools in the country, simply because they love teaching. Stars: Quinta Brunson, Bodhi Dell, Lisa Ann Walter, Tyler James Williams 42. The White House Plumbers Biography, Drama, History | Post-production A five-part series that tells the true story of how Nixon's own political saboteurs and Watergate masterminds, E. Howard Hunt and G. Gordon Liddy, accidentally toppled the presidency they were trying to protect. Stars: Woody Harrelson, Justin Theroux, Kiernan Shipka, Lena Headey 43. Echo Action, Adventure, Crime | Pre-production Plot Unknown. Star: Alaqua Cox 44. The Legend of Vox Machina (2022– ) Animation, Action, Adventure | Post-production In a desperate attempt to pay off a mounting bar tab, a band of misfits end up on a quest to save the realm of Exandria from dark, magical forces. Stars: Laura Bailey, Ashley Johnson, Travis Willingham, Marisha Ray 45. Nisser (2021– ) Drama, Fantasy, Horror | Post-production A Christmas vacation turns into a nightmare for a teenager and her family when they discover an ancient menace that stalks their island getaway. Stars: Ann Eleonora Jørgensen, Peder Thomas Pedersen, Vivelill Søgaard Holm, Rasmus Hammerich 46. Seolganghwa (2021– ) Drama, Romance | Post-production Adapted from the handwritten notes of a man who escaped from a political prison camp in North Korea, Snowdrop is set against the backdrop of the 1987 Democracy Movement in South Korea. Stars: Jung Hae-In, Yoo In-Na, Jisoo Kim, Yun Se-ah 47. The Three-Body Problem 60 min | Adventure, Drama, Fantasy | Pre-production Humanity's first contact with an alien civilization. Stars: Eiza González, Benedict Wong, Liam Cunningham, John Bradley 48. Good Sam (2022– ) Post-production A talented yet stifled surgeon who embraces her leadership role after her renowned and pompous boss falls into a coma. Stars: Sophia Bush, Jason Isaacs, Skye P. Marshall, Michael Stahl-David 49. The Power Drama | Post-production A group of teenage girls mysteriously develop a special power that allows them to electrocute people at will. Stars: Alice Eve, Leslie Mann, Rob Delaney, John Leguizamo 50. Echo (2022– ) Action, Adventure, Drama | Pre-production A team of investigators who solve the highest-profile crimes by sending heroes into the past in the body of the victim. They assume the victim's identity and must race against time to prevent the crime before it happens. Stars: Wesam Keesh, Janina Gavankar, Reid Scott, Richard Brooks 1-50 of 4,060 titles. | Next » Genres Comedy (1,180) Drama (1,122) Reality-TV (322) Documentary (287) Thriller (276) Action (275) Crime (257) Adventure (234) Animation (234) Sci-Fi (230) Fantasy (164) Mystery (163) Horror (127) Family (123) Romance (121) History (88) Talk-Show (80) Biography (53) Short (48) Music (42) Sport (41) Musical (39) War (30) Game-Show (29) News (15) Western (14) Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.