Tweetienator's Profile - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/user/ur64264987/?ref_=tt_urv_usr
Tweetienator's Profile - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Change Your Image Upload An Image Pick File... Upload By uploading this image, you agree to IMDb's Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy, including the provision granting IMDb a license in the uploaded image. Crop And Save Save Image close Tweetienator IMDb member since December 2015 Connoisseur of all horrors - lover of sci-fi and the unusual, weird and trippy stuff. Crimebuster working underground against Hollywood's masterplan to make big cash with the help of Words auto search and replace function and the same 5 or 6 scripts over and over again. Also I am an incurable p.c.-antichrist and non-vegan Latte Macchiato drinker. And yes, I still got a special place in my heart for the original Evil Dead movies and The Rocky Horror Picture Show - sitting side by side with some of my new favorites like Ash vs. Evil Dead and Miller's finest dance on the Fury Road. The aim of my Higher Self!? To write 2222 reviews and after that, I will go on to meet the challenges and pleasures of my next incarnation. Last note: my reviews are strictly my very personal opinion and not a validated truth, but I also don't get paid to write them ;) See more▼See less▲ Highlights 2021 Oscars Highlights 2020 Oscars Highlights 2019 Oscars Highlights 2018 Oscars Highlights 2017 Oscars Highlights 2016 Oscars Highlights 2015 Oscars Highlights 2014 Oscars Highlights 2013 Oscars Highlights 2012 Oscars Highlights 2011 Oscars Highlights 2010 Oscars Highlights 2009 Oscars Highlights 2008 Oscars Highlights 2007 Oscars Highlights 2006 Oscars Highlights 2005 Oscars Lifetime Total 2,500+ Top 250 2019 Top 250 2018 Top 250 2017 Top 250 2016 Top 250 2015 Top 250 2014 Top 250 2013 Top 250 2012 Top 250 2011 Top 250 2010 Top 250 2009 Poll Taker 100x IMDb Member 5 years Lists An error has ocurred. Please try again 2k: The New Walking Dead 666 titles | Public A comprehensive collection of zombie/walker movies & shows from 2k to now. Excluded are zombie comedies which I pooled in Zombie Galore III - Rotten Comedia. No shame border. List in progress. The 3rd Reich & the Occult 122 titles | Public The Wehrmacht, the SS, the Third Reich and the Occult - all genres. Sword 'n' Magic 94 titles | Public In the wake of Robert E. Howard's mighty Conan, Kull and the like. War on Terror 66 titles | Public Movies and documentaries about the many battlefields in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria etc. List in progress Zombie Classics (1932-1999) 212 titles | Public Zombie, walker movies from 1932 to 1999. Excluded are zombie comedies which you find in Zombie Galore III - Rotten Comedia. List in progress. Phantasmaorgastica 107 titles | Public This is not a Best-Movies-I-Ever-Watched-list, but these flicks are some of the most bizarre, most weird, phantastic, wonderful, visual powerful and therefore memorable movies I watched. Every movie on this list I would dare to say is unique on its very own way. Some of them are iconic, some are even Hollywood blockbusters, and some are fresh but unknown to a greater audience and some are long forgotten but to a very few. Dystopia & Apocalyptica: The Downfall of Man 1,660 titles | Public A huge collection of dystopian and post-apocalyptic movies and the like. Excluded are zombie/walker movies like 28 Days Later, Dawn of the Dead etc. which I got own lists for. List in progress. Asylum - Taste the Madness! 391 titles | Public Flicks of all genres (bio, drama, thriller, horror etc.) which got one thing in common - an asylum and/or mental illness plays a more or less vital part of the show. The Ultimate Zombie Mayhem 1,164 titles | Public Massive walker outbreak!!! Over 1k pieces filled with bloodsucking & brains-craving creatures! Expanded edition & the virus is still spreading and spreading. This deal gets you everything: From the oldies to the goldies - zombies/walkers of all kinds and all times. Including lots of gore & guts & brains and sometimes even bloody comedy. This is the real stuff if you crave for bad taste. A MUST-CHECK for all connoisseurs of the undead. Maybe the most comprehensive list available and still growing - work in progress. Dead Rotten Comedia 336 titles | Public Zombie, walker comedies of all times. List in progress. See more » Reviews Scream Queens (2015) Great Circus 13 November 2021 Nice show with a fine cast, some funtastic (sic!) ideas. Scream Queens is one of those few shows that really mix elements of comedy and horror well. Sadly, we got only two seasons. Recommended if you like slasher movies sugared with comedy and ueber-life characters. See more▼See less▲ 13 (2010) Solid Flick 12 November 2021 I stumbled upon this little flick because of the involvement of Jason Statham. 13 is nothing ueber-good but a solid piece with some suspense and action. The story borrows some ideas here and there (rich guys watching poor and desperate guys fight or bet for their life, Bloodsport is one of the movies that comes to mind). 13 - good enough to kill some spare time. See more▼See less▲ Haywire (2011) Nice Run 12 November 2021 - 2 out of 2 users found this review helpful. One could be tempted to vote "style over substance" because the story itself is more or less just an old book in a new cover but a fine cast (Fassbender, McGregor, Tatum, Douglas, Banderas, and last but not least, Gina Carano, who is a superb and believable heroin - completely different from those typical Hollywood actress who do not weight more than a feather or two and beat up guys 10 times their weight ;) ) and the momentum of the movie and all those fine composed cam shots/perspectives make Haywire a fine action ride. See more▼See less▲ Squid Game (2021) Quit Game 11 November 2021 - 8 out of 27 users found this review helpful. Squid Game is no show for me - I watched two episodes only and was really bored, rather I would prefer to watch some real MMA fights - more excitement and action going on, and less drama. The first episode dragged on and on and on and the idea or concept is also nothing really new (Stephen King: The Long Walk and The Running Man, or movies like Battle Royal, The Hunger Games, Death Race, Circle, Cube or 13 (Jason Statham) and many more precede Squid Game). Just another hype, just my few cents of course. See more▼See less▲ Finch (2021) So So 6 November 2021 - 101 out of 150 users found this review helpful. Robinson Crusoe embedded in an en vogue (post)apocalyptic scenario, spiced up with a dog (how cute, dogs work always), and Number 5 (Short Circuit, 1986). The only thing I miss is E. T. ;) Finch is not a bad movie but it is one of those ueber-generic movies they produce en mass these days. Everything we get we already got served in many other movies, maybe in another context, maybe not, nothing is really new, besides maybe the blend and dose of the ingredients well known. Tom Hanks is solid, the production pro, the humor sometimes forced, and Jeff, the robot is the equivalent of mini Yoda. In a sequel Jeff maybe will get the job of WALL·E done, and clean up the mess mankind left. Verdict: all in all okay but nothing memorable. Movies like The Omega Man or I am Legend are the better ones. The movie business really needs some talented writers and not those hired copycats who depend on formulas and really have not a tiny drop of own creativity at dispose. See more▼See less▲ Farscape (1999) Escape to Fun 5 November 2021 A fine ride into a universe filled with lots of unique characters, creatures and worlds. Fantastic adventures await our hero John Crichton on the other side of the universe. Farscape is a fine trip refined by the contributions of Jim Henson Production - I like those muppets and masks more than all that modern computer animated stuff of our modern days. See more▼See less▲ Andromeda (2000) Space Hercules 5 November 2021 Fun little space adventure show starring Kevin Sorbo. Not a masterpiece but some likable characters and a lot of adventures and action make this show work. Not Roddenberry's best idea but it tastes like a well made cheeseburger. Exact rate: 5 + for the nostalgic factor. See more▼See less▲ Frankenstein and the Monster from Hell (1974) Hammer! 5 November 2021 Frankenstein and the Monster from Hell - if I wouldn't know the movie already alone the title and the name Peter Cushing would force me with superior galactic powers to watch that flick. This is another solid Hammer movie featuring that fine creature Mary Shelley once created. Good. See more▼See less▲ At the Earth's Core (1976) Good Ol' Times 5 November 2021 Is At the Earth's Core silly? No doubt here. Is it rather cheaply made? Yep. But despite those drags the movie is still entertaining and sweetened with something I call nostalgia. At the Earth's Core, I guess, is mostly interesting for those who know that movie from the times where their bones were still young. Rate 4 + 1 for nostalgic reasons only. See more▼See less▲ Chucky (2021) Chucked to Death 5 November 2021 - 24 out of 77 users found this review helpful. A lame show about a lame character. Horror this is not, well, maybe it is scary to toddlers. Anyway, acting skills questionable, no likable characters at all, slashing factor 2 out of 10. Generic, bad, redundant addition to one of the least scary horror characters ever. See more▼See less▲ The Brides of Dracula (1960) Solid but No Classic 4 November 2021 The Brides of Dracula is not a bad movie but for sure not one of the best produced by Hammer Film Productions - the story provided is too slow and sometimes repetitive. Also there is no Dracula, so there is no Christopher Lee. Peter Cushing as Van Helsing is solid as always and a pleasure to watch. To sum it up: a solid piece but not an essential watch regarding Hammer horror. See more▼See less▲ Midsommar (2019) Trippy 3 November 2021 - 0 out of 2 users found this review helpful. A nice trip with some unique ideas and fine cinematography but the tempo is rather on the slow side of the coin. So be prepared that the movie will take its time to create the right atmosphere and to increase the suspense. Anyway, I liked it and Midsommar is everything but your pretty standard horror flick. See more▼See less▲ 12 Years a Slave (2013) Powerful 3 November 2021 - 0 out of 1 users found this review helpful. This is how you make a movie about a serious issue or part of history - 12 Years a Slave is a fine historical drama, with an excellent cast and top production. This one shines bright between all those movies that try but fail to make a good movie on the matter of racism and society: well intended is not the same as well done. See more▼See less▲ Virus (1999) Fun Ride 2 November 2021 This one is cheesy fun, including an absurd story and some B movie style special effects. With Jamie Lee Curtis and Donald Sutherland, Virus got even two iconic actors cast. Conclusion: if the term trash and B movie does not force you to run away at full speed, you may actually enjoy the trip. See more▼See less▲ Leviathan (1989) Good Fun 2 November 2021 Nice rock 'n' roll horror trip down in the deep of the sea. Leviathan is a solid ride if you like such horror-sci-fi movies like The Thing, Alien, Event Horizon or those other entries of deep sea movies like The Abyss and DeepStar Six, or the latest flick Underwater. Nothing new on the Western front but still a fine entertaining ride. See more▼See less▲ DeepStar Six (1989) Event Horizon Underwater 2 November 2021 Yes, The Abyss and Leviathan are the stronger deep-space, a sorry, deep-sea horror/sci-fi movies but DeepStar Six is still a good one, with the smallest budget obviously. All those movies extract some ingredients of classics like Alien and The Thing and put them into a new context. DeepStar Six is no masterpiece but a solid snack for those who like sometimes to dive deep into the dark of the endless oceans and to meet and greet there the art of horror. See more▼See less▲ Goodfellas (1990) Excellent 30 October 2021 Goodfellas belongs like The Godfather movies and Once Upon a Time In America to the top mafia/mobster movies. All of them got an epic cast, fine cinematography and superb cast, and, last but not least, a suspenseful and dramatic story to tell. See more▼See less▲ Heat (1995) Great Heat 30 October 2021 - 3 out of 3 users found this review helpful. A fantastic and epic cast + a thrilling story = Michael Mann at the peak of his skills. Heat belongs without any doubt to the best movies of the 90s and is always worth your time. See more▼See less▲ Public Enemies (2009) Manhunt Spectaculum 30 October 2021 Public Enemies reminds me fondly of Michael Mann's masterpiece Heat (1995) - lots of epic gun battles and tough guys on both sides of the coin. Johnny Depp gives a fine performance as Dillinger, Bale is also fine and the rest of the cast plays well too. A fine action crime movie, nothing more but nothing less. See more▼See less▲ A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) Have a Nice Dream 28 October 2021 The 80s and the 90s very the last time period where writers in the movie industry developed new ideas and used their brainpower to entertain us. Freddy is one of those many iconic maniacs of that time the horror genre raised - others are well known like Jason, Michael, Pinhead, Leatherface and more. Where are the new iconic maniacs of the new millennium? I can't think of one. Instead we are flooded with remakes, retakes, prequels and sequels and shows. Recycling of old ideas, that's what movie business is mainly about these days. A good new idea we get only here and then. A Nightmare on Elm Street published in 1984 is the first hunt of Freddy Krueger and still one of his best and I fondly revisit this journey from time to time. Of course, I personally would have pumped up the gore level decently, but well, Freddy's work of art is still an entertaining and delicious trip. Exact rate: 7 + 1 for nostalgic reasons. Essential to the old and new lover of the slashing business. See more▼See less▲ Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth (1992) Not Bad 28 October 2021 One of the better ones of the many Hellraiser movies - Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth is not as good as the first two movies but still worth watching. Long live Pinhead! See more▼See less▲ The Streets of San Francisco (1972) Still a Good One 26 October 2021 - 1 out of 1 users found this review helpful. I like those crime shows of gone times, as crime shows and movies where about crime and not about personal drama of the detectives or suspects. The show now lives mainly from the great chemistry between Karl Malden and Michael Douglas and the fine 70s flair in Frisco. The stories may look from today's perspective to some rather simple and standard but remember this show was aired first in the 70s, so this is not the copy but the original. Still good + refined by nostalgia. See more▼See less▲ The Last Duel (2021) Good 26 October 2021 - 7 out of 16 users found this review helpful. Well, to cite Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon may be not the worst idea, but to put the different perspective "technique" again in the context of rape/sex smells to me a little like a copycat. Production and acting are good, but the story provided was a little drag for me. Someone remembers, The Duellists (1977)? The movie is about two French officers (again France, again the theme duel!) in the times of Napoleon dueling over many years because one officer felt he was insulted by the other officer on one incidence. That one is in my opinion the stronger movie - you can taste the code of honor and the movie drags you back to those times. For sure not everything is accurate too but it feels like. The Last Duel did not entirely convince me that I watched characters of the 14th century, there are here and there "glitches" that just felt wrong. All in all for sure not a bad movie and worth your time, if you are interested in the story, but The Last Duel does not belong to the top movies of Mr. Scott's oeuvre. Just my opinion of course. See more▼See less▲ La noche de las gaviotas (1975) Still Rocking Good 25 October 2021 - 1 out of 1 users found this review helpful. Deny all logic you living ones but enjoy the many shades of horror! Night of the Seagulls is the last one of the "quadrohorrorphonia" of the Blind Dead series. If you liked the first entries of this horror franchise you will like this one too. Of course, as the 4th movie in the franchise, it lacks a little of originality but it is still pleasure to watch. Nostalgic horror trip. See more▼See less▲ El ataque de los muertos sin ojos (1973) The Blind Dead Rule Again 25 October 2021 - 1 out of 1 users found this review helpful. Return of the Blind Dead aka The Return of the Evil Dead aka El ataque de los muertos sin ojos is a solid sequel to the first movie (Tombs of the Blind Dead, 1972). The dead Knights Templar walk again and crave for tender flesh and blood. The living scream and die - one of those fine pieces of oldschool horror that are spiced up with some trash and nudity, and are free from the slightes hint of p.c.-correctness. Yummy. See more▼See less▲ See all 1,248 reviews » Recently Taken Polls Poll Date It's Time For Horror Titles That Rhyme Oct 7 15:38 Quick Links Ratings Lists Watchlist Checkins Reviews Poll Responses About this Page Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.