Twilight (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1099212?ref_=rlm
Twilight (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Twilight 20082008 PG-13PG-13 2h 2m IMDb RATING 5.2/10 446K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 233 19 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:32 16 Videos 99+ Photos DramaFantasyRomance When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest, she falls in love with Edward Cullen, a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire.When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest, she falls in love with Edward Cullen, a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire.When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest, she falls in love with Edward Cullen, a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire. IMDb RATING 5.2/10 446K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 233 19 Director Catherine Hardwicke Writers Melissa Rosenberg(screenplay) Stephenie Meyer(novel "Twilight") Stars Kristen Stewart Robert Pattinson Billy Burke Top credits Director Catherine Hardwicke Writers Melissa Rosenberg(screenplay) Stephenie Meyer(novel "Twilight") Stars Kristen Stewart Robert Pattinson Billy Burke See production, box office & company info 1.7KUser reviews 364Critic reviews 56Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 32 wins & 16 nominations Videos16 Trailer 0:32 Twilight: TV Spot #1 Trailer 2:23 Twilight: Final Theatrical Trailer Trailer 1:15 Twilight: Trailer #2 Trailer 1:36 Twilight: Trailer #2 Trailer 0:59 Twilight: Teaser Trailer Clip 4:17 Bowl Cuts, Wild Accents, & an Epic Mud Battle: What to Watch After 'The King' Clip 1:39 A Guide to the Films of Catherine Hardwicke Clip 0:57 Twilight: Clip - Ballet Studio Clip 0:58 Twilight: Clip - What If IÂ’m the Bad Guy Featurette 0:13 Twilight (2008) Interview 0:41 Twilight (2008) Interview 0:32 Twilight (2008) Photos291 Top cast Edit Kristen Stewart Bella Swanas Bella Swan Robert Pattinson Edward Cullenas Edward Cullen Billy Burke Charlie Swanas Charlie Swan Sarah Clarke Renéeas Renée Matt Bushell Philas Phil Gil Birmingham Billy Blackas Billy Black Taylor Lautner Jacob Blackas Jacob Black Gregory Tyree Boyce Tyleras Tyler Justin Chon Ericas Eric Michael Welch Mike Newtonas Mike Newton Anna Kendrick Jessicaas Jessica Christian Serratos Angelaas Angela Nikki Reed Rosalieas Rosalie Kellan Lutz Emmet Cullenas Emmet Cullen Ashley Greene Alice Cullenas Alice Cullen Jackson Rathbone Jasperas Jasper José Zúñiga Mr. Molinaas Mr. Molina (as Jose Zuniga) Trish Egan High School Administratoras High School Administrator Director Catherine Hardwicke Writers Melissa Rosenberg(screenplay) Stephenie Meyer(novel "Twilight") All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 4.8 The Twilight Saga: New Moon 5.0 The Twilight Saga: Eclipse 4.9 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 5.5 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 4.1 Fifty Shades of Grey 4.6 Fifty Shades Darker 7.1 Remember Me 6.1 Snow White and the Huntsman 4.5 Fifty Shades Freed 6.6 Divergent 5.2 Run the Tide 7.2 The Hunger Games Storyline Edit Bella Swan has always been a little bit different. Never one to run with the crowd, Bella never cared about fitting in with the trendy girls at her Phoenix, Arizona high school. When her mother remarries and Bella chooses to live with her father in the rainy little town of Forks, Washington, she doesn't expect much of anything to change. But things do change when she meets the mysterious and dazzlingly beautiful Edward Cullen. For Edward is nothing like any boy she's ever met. He's nothing like anyone she's ever met, period. He's intelligent and witty, and he seems to see straight into her soul. In no time at all, they are swept up in a passionate and decidedly unorthodox romance - unorthodox because Edward really isn't like the other boys. He can run faster than a mountain lion. He can stop a moving car with his bare hands. Oh, and he hasn't aged since 1918. Like all vampires, he's immortal. That's right - vampire. But he doesn't have fangs - that's just in the movies. And he doesn't drink human blood, though Edward and his family are unique among vampires in that lifestyle choice. To Edward, Bella is that thing he has waited 90 years for - a soul mate. But the closer they get, the more Edward must struggle to resist the primal pull of her scent, which could send him into an uncontrollable frenzy. Somehow or other, they will have to manage their unmanageable love. But when unexpected visitors come to town and realize that there is a human among them Edward must fight to save Bella? A modern, visual, and visceral Romeo and Juliet story of the ultimate forbidden love affair - between vampire and mortal. —Summit Entertainment vampirelovebloodindian reservationcentenarian103 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines When you can live forever what do you live for? Genres Drama Fantasy Romance Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for some violence and a scene of sensuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the scene where Bella goes to the Cullens house for the first time, when Nikki Reed's character had to break the bowl, she actually cut her hands. This is why she is wearing gloves for the scene in the film. Goofs In the book, it is clearly said that the Cullens never touch the food on their plates. The only time that they do eat is when Bella asks Edward if he can eat food, and he takes a bite of pizza. Even so, in the movie, you can see Emmett eating in the background of a cafeteria scene. (as stated by Stephenie Meyer, they had to keep re-shooting this scene because he kept accidentally eating). Quotes Isabella Swan: [Edward jumps down off the roof of Bella's truck] Could you act human? Okay, I have neighbors. Edward Cullen: I'm gonna take you to my place tomorrow. [Pulls dent in Bella's truck back into correct place] Isabella Swan: Thanks... Er, wait, like with your family? Edward Cullen: Yeah. Isabella Swan: W-what if they don't like me? Edward Cullen: So you're worried, not because you'll be in a house full of vampires, but because you think they won't approve of you? [laughs] Isabella Swan: [unsmiling] I'm glad I amuse you. Alternate versions The extended version runs 126 minutes. Connections Edited into The Twilight Saga: New Moon (2009) Soundtracks Supermassive Black Hole Written by Matt Bellamy (as Matthew James Bellamy) Performed by Muse Courtesy of Warner Music U.K. Ltd. By Arrangement with Warner Music Group Film and TV Licensing User reviews1.7K Review Top review 6/10 Twilight I think this movie suffered from lack of a good script and bad acting. helpful•107 29 MR_Heraclius Feb 20, 2020 FAQ20 What is 'Twilight' about? Is "Twilight" based on a book? I know this movie has to do with vampires. So, who are the vampires? Details Edit Release date November 25, 2009 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as Chạng Vạng Filming locations 218 Rim Drive, Washougal, Columbia River Gorge, Washington, USA Production companies Summit Entertainment Temple Hill Entertainment Maverick Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $37,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $193,962,473 Opening weekend US & Canada $69,637,740 Nov 23, 2008 Gross worldwide $408,430,415 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 2 minutes Color Color Black and White Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Kristen Stewart: ‘Twilight’ needed chemistry of me, Robert Pattinson Nov 17GlamSham Kristen Stewart Recalls "Young and Stupid" Twilight Romance With Robert Pattinson Nov 15E! Online Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.