Underworld: Evolution (2006) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0401855/?ref_=nm_flmg_prd_13
Underworld: Evolution (2006) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Underworld: Evolution 20062006 RR 1h 46m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 195K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,423 840 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:21 5 Videos 99+ Photos ActionFantasyThriller Picking up directly from the previous movie, vampire warrior Selene and the half werewolf Michael hunt for clues to reveal the history of their races and the war between them.Picking up directly from the previous movie, vampire warrior Selene and the half werewolf Michael hunt for clues to reveal the history of their races and the war between them.Picking up directly from the previous movie, vampire warrior Selene and the half werewolf Michael hunt for clues to reveal the history of their races and the war between them. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 195K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,423 840 Director Len Wiseman Writers Danny McBride(screenplay) Len Wiseman(story) Kevin Grevioux(characters) Stars Kate Beckinsale Scott Speedman Bill Nighy Top credits Director Len Wiseman Writers Danny McBride(screenplay) Len Wiseman(story) Kevin Grevioux(characters) Stars Kate Beckinsale Scott Speedman Bill Nighy See production, box office & company info 536User reviews 101Critic reviews 36Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 6 nominations Videos5 Trailer 2:21 Underworld: Evolution Trailer 2:20 Underworld: Evolution Clip 0:43 Underworld: Evolution Clip 0:49 Underworld: Evolution Clip 0:43 Underworld: Evolution Photos186 Top cast Edit Kate Beckinsale Seleneas Selene Scott Speedman Michaelas Michael Bill Nighy Viktoras Viktor Tony Curran Marcusas Marcus Derek Jacobi Corvinusas Corvinus (as Sir Derek Jacobi) Steven Mackintosh Tanisas Tanis Shane Brolly Kravenas Kraven Brian Steele Williamas William Zita Görög Ameliaas Amelia (as Zita Gorog) Scott McElroy Sorenas Soren John Mann Samuelas Samuel Michael Sheen Lucianas Lucian Sophia Myles Erikaas Erika (as Sophia Miles) Richard Cetrone Pierceas Pierce (as Rich Cetrone) Mike Mukatis Tayloras Taylor Krsy Fox Tanis Vamp #1as Tanis Vamp #1 (as Christine Danielle) Kaja Gjesdal Tanis Vamp #2as Tanis Vamp #2 Attila Lovaghy Tavern Cop #1as Tavern Cop #1 Director Len Wiseman Writers Danny McBride(screenplay) (story) (characters) Len Wiseman(story) (characters) Kevin Grevioux(characters) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.6 Underworld: Rise of the Lycans 7.0 Underworld 6.3 Underworld: Awakening 5.8 Underworld: Blood Wars 6.3 Underworld: Endless War 6.1 Van Helsing 6.2 Resident Evil: Extinction 6.7 Blade II 6.2 Resident Evil: Apocalypse 6.7 Resident Evil 7.1 Blade 6.8 Hellboy Storyline Edit As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on, the beautiful vampire, Selene, a former member of the Death Dealers, and Michael, the werewolf hybrid, work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines. In this ancient feud between the two tribes, they try to unlock the secrets, in a modern tale of action, intrigue, and forbidden love, which takes them into the battle to end all wars, as the immortals must finally face their doom. —Shewolfinlondon vampirewerewolfselene character2000stitillation132 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A New Race, A New Battle, A New Hero... Genres Action Fantasy Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for pervasive strong violence and gore, some sexuality/nudity and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The little girl that plays young Selene is Lily Mo Sheen, the daughter of Kate Beckinsale and Michael Sheen. Goofs (at around 1h 17 mins) When Marcus is entering the area after the movable wall unlocked with the key, where William's prison is, you can see a hole in the ceiling where light is entering the room. There would no purpose for a unmovable wall if you could enter the room through a hole in the ceiling. Quotes Selene: [picks up the abandoned bra of one of Tanis's girlfriends] Your exile seems a bit more comfortable than I remember. Alternate versions Original workprint of the film had much longer and more graphic sex scene between Michael and Selene, which included more nudity from Kate Beckinsale. Blink-and-you-miss- it shot of her butt and other extra shots from the original scene are still in the film and can be seen during part when Marcus drinks Selene's blood if the scene is slowed down. Connections Featured in Underworld: Evolution - Inside the Action (2006) Soundtracks The Undertaker (Renholder Mix) Written by Puscifer and Danny Lohner Performed by Puscifer Courtesy of Tool Dissectional LLC/Volcano Entertainment II User reviews536 Review Top review Enjoyable But Not Too Good Overall To start off, let me say that I'm a very big fan of the original. I think it did everything right; having a nice Gothic overtone, great characters, an original, intriguing and in-depth plot, fun action and an overall script that never once felt dull. Oh, and of course...it had Kate Beckinsale in tight leather, hehehe. Now does this sequel contain all these qualities that made the original so good? Personally, I'd have to say no, I don't think it did. Was the movie necessarily bad? Also no. It was highly entertaining but not that good of a movie overall. STORYLINE: The story in this film was no where near as good or developed as the original. As it starts off with a war scene in the past, I found myself really enjoying it. We find out a little about the Corvinus family and the origins or Marcus, who was the very first vampire, and his brother, who was the very first Lycan. But after we witness these scenes and learn these few minor plot details, the story development pretty much comes to a dead stop. Honestly, nothing really happens in this movie. It's all just action and really nothing more. CHARACTERS: The lead characters were good. Selene and Michael didn't exactly have any development but that's okay because they were developed enough in the first film. But what was slightly developed was their romance, which the first film seemed to be lacking. We really got to feel the connection between them and how much they really cared for each other. And it was great to see Michael show off his new hybrid abilities and kick some booty along the way. He was a lot cooler in this film than in the original. The new vampire leader, Marcus, was also pretty damn cool. He had a very sinister appearance, especially with the devil-like wings, and didn't seem to have any sympathy at all as he brutally disposed of anyone who got in his way. In the original, we had Lucian, who was a well developed bad-guy character and I actually found myself caring for him. Marcus, on the other hand, didn't strike a cord with me at all. He looked cool, sure, but besides that, he had absolutely nothing going for him and I really didn't care what happened to him. All the other characters in this film were also very undeveloped as well. We really knew nothing of them and as a result, felt unsure whether we should like them or hate them. So that's a major issue. ACTION: The action, most the time, was very enjoyable. And I stress MOST of the time, not ALL of the time. There was some really fun action and fight sequences and a nice amount of blood and gore thrown into the mix. So it definitely does manage to entertain the action buffs. But then, at times, the action began to feel annoying as it got extremely repetitive. It was like they just kept replaying the same action scene over and over and just tweaked it a little in order to pass it off as a different scene. This was a problem because the whole movie seemed to base itself on action, rather than story, and the action wasn't even all that good. ATMOSPHERE: Another good thing about this movie would have to be the scenery. Yeah, I know that's not really important in the movie, but it really did help with the overall experience. There were beautiful mountain landscapes, snowy woods, old style castles in ruins and gorgeous red colored twilight skies. So I think it actually helped a lot in setting the atmosphere and gets points for great eye candy. OVERALL: The first film was an action-horror movie with a great original storyline. This sequel, on the other hand, felt more like a series of left over action scenes that were taken out of the first film. I think watching the two films back to back will make a great overall experience. But as a stand-alone, it doesn't quite work. It's fun for sure, but that's about it. It's not even remotely close to being as good or better than the original in any way. helpful•121 72 Apolcold Feb 6, 2006 FAQ18 When Michael is attempting to eat in the tavern, a news report about him is on TV. What was the reporter saying about Michael? What is 'Underworld: Evolution' about? Is "Underworld: Evolution" based on a book? Details Edit Release date January 20, 2006 (Canada) Countries of origin United States Canada Official sites Official Facebook Sony Home Entertainment - DVD site (United States) Languages English French Hungarian Also known as Underworld 2: Evolution Filming locations Budapest, Hungary Production companies Screen Gems Lakeshore Entertainment Vancouver Film Studios See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $50,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $62,318,875 Opening weekend US & Canada $26,857,181 Jan 22, 2006 Gross worldwide $111,476,513 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 46 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital DTS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Horror Highlights: I Live Alone, Achoura, Autumn Road, Reyka Nov 15DailyDead ‘The Flash’: Tony Curran Joins CW Series As Despero For Season 8 Aug 26Deadline Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.