Unfaithful (2002) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0250797/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_i_5
Unfaithful (2002) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Unfaithful 20022002 RR 2h 4m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 85K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 700 183 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 2 Videos 99+ Photos DramaRomanceThriller A New York suburban couple's marriage goes dangerously awry when the wife indulges in an adulterous fling.A New York suburban couple's marriage goes dangerously awry when the wife indulges in an adulterous fling.A New York suburban couple's marriage goes dangerously awry when the wife indulges in an adulterous fling. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 85K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 700 183 Director Adrian Lyne Writers Claude Chabrol(film "La Femme infidèle") Alvin Sargent(screenplay) William Broyles Jr.(screenplay) Stars Richard Gere Diane Lane Olivier Martinez Top credits Director Adrian Lyne Writers Claude Chabrol(film "La Femme infidèle") Alvin Sargent(screenplay) William Broyles Jr.(screenplay) Stars Richard Gere Diane Lane Olivier Martinez See production, box office & company info 576User reviews 88Critic reviews 63Metascore See more at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Oscar 3 wins & 16 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 0:31 Unfaithful Trailer 0:31 Unfaithful Photos134 Top cast Edit Richard Gere Edward Sumneras Edward Sumner Diane Lane Connie Sumneras Connie Sumner Olivier Martinez Paul Martelas Paul Martel Erik Per Sullivan Charlie Sumneras Charlie Sumner Myra Lucretia Taylor Gloriaas Gloria Michelle Monaghan Lindsayas Lindsay Chad Lowe Bill Stoneas Bill Stone Joseph Badalucco Jr. Train conductoras Train conductor Erich Anderson Bob Gaylordas Bob Gaylord Damon Gupton Other businessmanas Other businessman Kate Burton Tracyas Tracy Margaret Colin Sallyas Sally Marc Forget Café bartenderas Café bartender Larry Gleason Timas Tim Dominic Chianese Frank Wilsonas Frank Wilson George F. Miller Businessman #1as Businessman #1 Paul D. Failla Businessman #2as Businessman #2 Hal Smith-Reynolds Businessman #3as Businessman #3 Director Adrian Lyne Writers Claude Chabrol(film "La Femme infidèle") Alvin Sargent(screenplay) William Broyles Jr.(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.0 Indecent Proposal 6.8 Under the Tuscan Sun 6.5 A Perfect Murder 6.0 Nights in Rodanthe 6.9 Fatal Attraction 7.4 La femme infidèle 6.1 Disclosure 6.1 Original Sin 5.4 Murder 6.3 Sleeping with the Enemy 6.0 Nine 1/2 Weeks 6.7 Love & Other Drugs Storyline Edit Connie Sumner has a loving husband, a beautiful home, and a wonderful son, but she wants more. When she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi, she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair. But her selfish actions soon catch up with her... —Jango infidelityerotic thrillermarital infidelityadulterous wifetryst164 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines If you had the opportunity, would you? Genres Drama Romance Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for sexuality, language and a scene of violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The scene where Connie rides the train home after her first sexual encounter with Paul and silently remembering it was filmed in one continuous take. The camera simply stayed on Diane Lane as she went through a series of expressions, and then the scene was cut and edited together. Goofs It is clearly shown how windy it is, as Edward prepares to leave for work. As Connie looks out the window to watch Edward leave, it is a calm day, with no wind. Next shot, it is windy again. Quotes Connie Sumner: I think this was a mistake. Paul: There is no such thing as a mistake. There are things you do, and things you don't do. Alternate versions DVD contains 11 deleted scenes including alternate ending. In the alternate ending Richard Gere goes to the police station to confess to everything. The original ending left it for the viewer to decide. Connections Featured in Siskel & Ebert & the Movies: Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones/Unfaithful/The New Guy (2002) Soundtracks Ai Du (1994) Written by Ali Farka Touré Performed by Ali Farka Touré with Ry Cooder Courtesy of Hannibal Records, a Rykodisc Label User reviews576 Review Top review 7/10 A great performance by Diane Lane There is no such thing as an indifferent movie directed by Adrian Lyne. You'll either love it or hate it. I liked "Fatal Attraction" though I prefer the original ending, not the revised, way-over-the-top, grade B shock ending. I was not impressed with his other hit "Flashdance". (I've chosen not to see "9 1/2 Weeks" and "Indecent Proposal" for various reasons.) Many viewers have said that "Unfaithful" is simply a role reversal of Lyne's earlier hit "Fatal Attraction". It might be accurate but I don't think it's totally a fair comparison. I felt that the affair between Connie Sumner (Diane Lane) and Paul Martel (Olivier Martinez) was just a basic physical attraction. It was a need that, for some reason, was not met with her husband. At the same time, the affair became more of an addiction for Connie. There's no love at all in that relationship. There is love between Connie and Edward (Richard Gere) but from what is presented on the screen, their love is on low tide. They certainly took each other for granted. What impressed me the most about "Unfaithful" was that director Lyne and screenwriters Alvin Sargent & William Broyles, Jr. (adapted from Claude Chabrol's "La Femme Infidèle") did not shy away from the consequences of having an affair. There was no easy out for Connie and Edward and no tidy endings. Gere was O.K. That's not to say he was bad. He didn't impress me very much. It was odd but rather interesting to see him play this rather drab, nerdy character. Something to consider: if the movie was remade in the late 70s or early 80s, Gere definitely would've played the other man. I was angry at Connie for having an affair and betraying her family. I also felt some sympathy toward her: She was not a bad person. She's basically a good person who made some very bad choices. One sequence that stood out for me (and apparently for many others) was when Connie is on the commuter train heading back home after her second encounter with Paul. Her facial expressions are so subtle but also tells more about what's going on with her with no dialog. The reactions range from excitement to anger to resignation to fear. (In the Special Features section of the DVD, check out the interview with veteran film editor Anne V. Coates. She brings an interesting perspective on how she was able to edit the sequence.) Diane Lane has received many well-deserved accolades for her performance. It's perhaps her best adult performance in her career which started in 1979 when she was just 14 in the wonderful comedy/drama "A Little Romance". "Unfaithful" has a few weaknesses but luckily they are overshadowed by the film's many strengths, especially Diane Lane. helpful•29 4 GMJames Feb 8, 2003 Details Edit Release date May 10, 2002 (United States) Countries of origin France Germany United States Languages English French Also known as Невірна Filming locations Nyack, New York, USA Production companies Fox 2000 Pictures New Regency Productions Epsilon Motion Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $50,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $52,775,765 Opening weekend US & Canada $14,065,277 May 12, 2002 Gross worldwide $119,137,784 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 4 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Olivier Martinez Joins Maya Rudolph Apple Comedy; ‘Queens’ Adds José Moreno Brooks Nov 10Deadline Film + TV Neil Labute’s ‘Out of The Blue’ Rounds Out Cast With Chase Sui Wonders, WestEnd Films Boards Sales – AFM (Exclusive) Oct 26Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.