Unforgiven (1992) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105695/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_138
Unforgiven (1992) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Unforgiven 19921992 RR 2h 10m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 395K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 762 279 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:37 2 Videos 99+ Photos DramaWestern Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny reluctantly takes on one last job, with the help of his old partner Ned Logan and a young man, The "Schofield Kid."Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny reluctantly takes on one last job, with the help of his old partner Ned Logan and a young man, The "Schofield Kid."Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny reluctantly takes on one last job, with the help of his old partner Ned Logan and a young man, The "Schofield Kid." IMDb RATING 8.2/10 395K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 762 279 Director Clint Eastwood Writer David Webb Peoples Stars Clint Eastwood Gene Hackman Morgan Freeman Top credits Director Clint Eastwood Writer David Webb Peoples Stars Clint Eastwood Gene Hackman Morgan Freeman See production, box office & company info 656User reviews 136Critic reviews 85Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #138 Won 4 Oscars 50 wins & 47 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:37 Official Trailer Trailer 0:31 Unforgiven Photos122 Top cast Edit Clint Eastwood Bill Munnyas Bill Munny Gene Hackman Little Bill Daggettas Little Bill Daggett Morgan Freeman Ned Loganas Ned Logan Richard Harris English Bobas English Bob Jaimz Woolvett The 'Schofield Kid'as The 'Schofield Kid' Saul Rubinek W.W. Beauchampas W.W. Beauchamp Frances Fisher Strawberry Aliceas Strawberry Alice Anna Thomson Delilah Fitzgeraldas Delilah Fitzgerald David Mucci Quick Mikeas Quick Mike Rob Campbell Davey Buntingas Davey Bunting Anthony James Skinny Duboisas Skinny Dubois Tara Frederick Little Sueas Little Sue (as Tara Dawn Frederick) Beverley Elliott Silkyas Silky Liisa Repo-Martell Faithas Faith Josie Smith Crow Creek Kateas Crow Creek Kate Shane Meier Will Munnyas Will Munny Aline Levasseur Penny Munnyas Penny Munny Cherrilene Cardinal Sally Two Treesas Sally Two Trees Director Clint Eastwood Writer David Webb Peoples All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Gran Torino 8.1 Million Dollar Baby 8.2 Per qualche dollaro in più 8.1 Platoon 8.8 Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo 8.2 L.A. Confidential 7.6 The Bridges of Madison County 7.0 Yurusarezaru mono 8.3 Full Metal Jacket 8.1 Rocky 7.3 Pale Rider 8.1 Fargo Storyline Edit After escaping death by the skin of her teeth, the horribly disfigured prostitute, Delilah Fitzgerald, and her appalled and equally furious co-workers summon up the courage to seek retribution in 1880s Wyoming's dangerous town of Big Whiskey. With a hefty bounty on the perpetrators' heads, triggered by the tough Sheriff "Little Bill" Daggett's insufficient sense of justice, the infamous former outlaw and now destitute Kansas hog farmer, William Munny, embarks on a murderous last mission to find the men behind the hideous crime. Along with his old partner-in-crime, Ned Logan, and the brash but inexperienced young gunman, the "Schofield Kid", Munny enters a perilous world he has renounced many years ago, knowing that he walks right into a deadly trap; however, he still needs to find a way to raise his motherless children. Now, blood demands blood. Who is the hero, and who is the villain? —Nick Riganas revengerevisionist westernone last jobsadistgun control348 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines It's a hell of a thing, killing a man Genres Drama Western Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for language, and violence, and for a scene of sexuality Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The final screen credit reads, "Dedicated to Sergio and Don", referring to Clint Eastwood's mentors, Sergio Leone and Don Siegel. Goofs Belt loops are clearly visible throughout the film. They were not invented until the 20th Century. Quotes Little Bill Daggett: You'd be William Munny out of Missouri. Killer of women and children. Will Munny: That's right. I've killed women and children. I've killed just about everything that walks or crawled at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you did to Ned. Crazy credits At the end of the credits, there is caption reading, "Dedicated to Sergio and Don". This is a reference to late directors Sergio Leone (who directed Clint Eastwood in the Dollars trilogy) and Don Siegel (who directed Eastwood in Dirty Harry and Escape from Alcatraz). Connections Featured in Clint Eastwood on Westerns (1992) Soundtracks Claudia's Song (uncredited) Written by Clint Eastwood and Lennie Niehaus User reviews656 Review Top review 9/10 Eastwood & Hackman shine Unforgiven is about as far from the fantasy mythos of A Fistful of Dollars as Clint Eastwood could get. No pin-point accuracy with 19th century technology, no desire to 'play fair' and face the enemy on even terms. If you can shoot him in the back...then do it. Eastwood puts in an astonishing performance as the retired killer Muny, saved from his life of thievery and murder by his late wife. Now, desperately trying to support his children with no income, he is tempted back to his killing ways by the bounty offered by the women of a brothel, one of whom's number has been savagely beaten and disfigured by a drunken ranch-hand. The film follows Eastwood as he wrestles with his desire to honour his wife's memory and his need to feed his children by returning to the killer that, he fears, is his true nature. Meanwhile word of the bounty has spread and the events spiral out of control as the sheriff (Gene Hackman) deals with the guns for hire that ride into town. While all the supporting cast are excellent Gene Hackman's Oscar winning performance even manages to eclipse Eastwoods as the brutal Sheriff. He beats one of the bounty hunters, English Bob (Richard Harris) almost to death and then explains to a journalist, in one of the film's stand out scenes, how men like he and Muny are so successful at killing. The mood moves from light banter to life threatening seriousness...and back again, with just one move of his head. One of the greatest Westerns ever made? Certainly. Although the fact it's a western is really secondary. In truth it's a tale of the nature of evil and the nature of man. Eastwood uses the gap between the western myth and reality as an arena to play out his story and does so with consummate style. helpful•326 50 Kaserynofthegyre Jan 30, 1999 FAQ7 What is 'Unforgiven' about? Is "Unforgiven" based on a book? Is the character Will Munny based on a real person? Details Edit Release date August 7, 1992 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 不可饶恕 Filming locations Brooks, Alberta, Canada Production companies Warner Bros. Malpaso Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $14,400,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $101,157,447 Opening weekend US & Canada $15,018,007 Aug 9, 1992 Gross worldwide $159,157,447 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 10 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Sandra Bullock is Out of Prison in Netflix's 'The Unforgivable' Trailer Oct 26firstshowing.net ‘The Unforgivable’ trailer: Sandra Bullock faces off with Viola Davis in redemption drama Oct 26Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Unforgiven (1992) officially released in India in Hindi?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.