Up (2009) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1049413/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_124
Up (2009) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Up 20092009 PGPG 1h 36m IMDb RATING 8.2/10 983K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 994 140 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:47 30 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureComedy 78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway. IMDb RATING 8.2/10 983K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 994 140 Directors Pete Docter Bob Peterson Writers Pete Docter(story by) Bob Peterson(story by) Tom McCarthy(story by) Stars Ed Asner(voice) Jordan Nagai(voice) John Ratzenberger(voice) Top credits Directors Pete Docter Bob Peterson Writers Pete Docter(story by) Bob Peterson(story by) Tom McCarthy(story by) Stars Ed Asner(voice) Jordan Nagai(voice) John Ratzenberger(voice) See production, box office & company info 1KUser reviews 423Critic reviews 88Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #124 Won 2 Oscars 79 wins & 87 nominations total Videos30 Trailer 1:47 UP Â– UK Trailer Trailer 2:21 Trailer: Up -- "Meet Russell" Trailer 2:01 Up -- "Meet Kevin" Trailer 2:30 Up: Trailer #1 Trailer 0:46 Up: "Upisode" #1 Trailer 1:02 Up: Superbowl Spot Trailer 1:51 Up: Teaser Trailer Clip 5:19 Gugu Mbatha-Raw Shares the Whimsical and Uplifting Films That Give Her Hope Clip 1:48 What to Watch When You Need a Good Cry Clip 2:25 What to Watch When You Need a Good Cry Clip 1:36 Up -- "The Pursuit" Clip 2:11 UP Â– Â“Tepui LandingÂ” Photos187 Top cast Edit Ed Asner Carl Fredricksenas Carl Fredricksen (voice) Jordan Nagai Russellas Russell (voice) John Ratzenberger Construction Foreman Tomas Construction Foreman Tom (voice) Christopher Plummer Charles Muntzas Charles Muntz (voice) Bob Peterson Dugas Dug (voice) … Delroy Lindo Betaas Beta (voice) Jerome Ranft Gammaas Gamma (voice) David Kaye Newsreel Announceras Newsreel Announcer (voice) Elie Docter Young Ellieas Young Ellie (voice) Jeremy Leary Young Carlas Young Carl (voice) Mickie McGowan Police Officer Edithas Police Officer Edith (voice) (as Mickie T. McGowan) Danny Mann Construction Worker Steveas Construction Worker Steve (voice) Donald Fullilove Nurse Georgeas Nurse George (voice) (as Don Fullilove) Jess Harnell Nurse AJas Nurse AJ (voice) Josh Cooley Omegaas Omega (voice) Pete Docter Campmaster Strauchas Campmaster Strauch (voice) Mark Andrews Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Bob Bergen Additional Voicesas Additional Voices (voice) Directors Pete Docter Bob Peterson Writers Pete Docter(story by) (screenplay by) Bob Peterson(story by) (screenplay by) Tom McCarthy(story by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 WALL·E 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.1 Inside Out 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.3 Toy Story 8.4 Coco 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.5 The Lion King 8.0 Ratatouille 8.0 The Incredibles 7.9 Toy Story 2 Storyline Edit As a boy, Carl Fredricksen wanted to explore South America and find the forbidden Paradise Falls. About 64 years later he gets to begin his journey along with Boy Scout Russell by lifting his house with thousands of balloons. On their journey, they make many new friends including a talking dog, and figure out that someone has evil plans. Carl soon realizes that this evildoer is his childhood idol. heartfeltballoontalking dogchild in jeopardysouth america257 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Fly Up to Venezuela Genres Animation Adventure Comedy Drama Family Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG for some peril and action Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The villain Charles Muntz has a similar name to Charles Mintz, the Universal Pictures executive who in 1928 stole Walt Disney's production rights to his highly-successful "Oswald the Lucky Rabbit" cartoon series. This led Walt Disney to create Mickey Mouse, who soon eclipsed Oswald in popularity. Goofs The phrase "Jiminy Cricket" was used in common slang as a euphemism for "Jesus Christ" (in context of a "cuss" word) since the 1920s. The expression is spoken in movies like The Brave Little Tailor (1938) and The Wizard of Oz (1939). Pinocchio (1940) had a character named Jiminy Cricket who was named after the expression, not the other way around. Quotes [Carl, in his once-again airborne house, suddenly hears a knock at the front door] Carl Fredricksen: Russell? [opens the door to find Dug on his doorstep] Carl Fredricksen: Dug! Dug: [Looking sad] I was hiding under your porch because I love you. Can I stay? Carl Fredricksen: [Delightfully] Can you stay? Why, you're my dog, aren't you? And I'm your master! Dug: [His sadness turns to happiness. As he happily wags his tail] You are my master? Oh, boy! Oh, boy! [lunges forward and covers Carl in slobbery kisses] Carl Fredricksen: [laughing] Good boy, Dug. You're a good boy. Crazy credits The photographs of characters shown during the end credits thematically match the crew members' positions, as do the "Wilderness Explorer" badges that also appear. Alternate versions In international prints, the label on the savings jar for Paradise Falls bears a drawing of said place as opposed to text. Connections Edited into Dug's Special Mission (2009) Soundtracks Habanera (uncredited) (1875) from "Carmen" Composed by Georges Bizet Arranged by Michael Giacchino User reviews1K Review Top review 9/10 It's Just a House Greetings again from the darkness. Another crackling collaboration of Pixar and Disney, and as expected, it is touching, funny, thrilling and amazing to look at and watch. Only a step below Toy Story just because it is not quite as ground-breaking, though the story is even better. While I love technology and effects, I am first and foremost a story guy when it comes to movies. This has as good of story as any film you will see. My only caution is that it seems geared towards grown-ups, not kids. The montage of Carl and Ellie growing old together is without dialogue and will probably bore some kids. Their parents certainly won't be bored; however, as it will resonate with most anyone over age 40 who hasn't taken the time to chase their childhood dreams. No question, this film is a barrage of color and eccentric characters, and can even be a bit frightening at times. Still, the key to this one are the stories and quests of the elderly Mr. Fredrickson and the young Russell, trying to earn his badge of honor. From the beginning, Disney has always had a finger on the pulse of youngsters. Here, we aren't given the usual Hollywood garbage of brainiac kids who make the adults look stupid. Instead we are given a pudgy, slightly goofy kid just trying to get his parents to take note. Special kudos to Ed Asner for bringing Mr. Fredrickson to life ... in good times and bad. He never goes overboard and is quite often absolutely perfect. Christopher Plummer has a limited role as bad guy Charles Muntz. Or is he really so bad? Cast aside by society, he has spent his life searching for redemption. I am not saying the kids won't enjoy, but I am saying make sure parents and grandparents tag along. You will be entertained, delighted and moved. helpful•137 54 ferguson-6 May 31, 2009 FAQ5 Will there be a sequel? How does Russell end up on Carl's porch after his house takes off? What happened to Russell's mother? Details Edit Release date August 4, 2009 (China) Country of origin United States Official sites Official Facebook Official site Language English Also known as 飞屋环游记 Filming locations Pixar Animation Studios - 1200 Park Avenue, Emeryville, California, USA Production companies Pixar Animation Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $175,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $293,004,164 Opening weekend US & Canada $68,108,790 May 31, 2009 Gross worldwide $735,099,102 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 36 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Don’T Look Up Gets a New Trailer Nov 17CinemaNerdz Queen Sugar Season 6 Episode 10 Review: And You Would Be One of Them Nov 17TVfanatic Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.