V/H/S/94 (2021) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt14867006/?ref_=ttls_li_tt
V/H/S/94 (2021) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In V/H/S/94 20212021 1h 43m IMDb RATING 5.5/10 5K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,451 822 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics HorrorMysteryThriller A police S.W.A.T. team investigates about a mysterious VHS tape and discovers a sinister cult that has pre-recorded material which uncovers a nightmarish conspiracy.A police S.W.A.T. team investigates about a mysterious VHS tape and discovers a sinister cult that has pre-recorded material which uncovers a nightmarish conspiracy.A police S.W.A.T. team investigates about a mysterious VHS tape and discovers a sinister cult that has pre-recorded material which uncovers a nightmarish conspiracy. IMDb RATING 5.5/10 5K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,451 822 Directors Simon Barrett(segment The Empty Wake) Steven Kostanski(segment The Veggie Masher) Chloe Okuno(segment Storm Drain) Writers Jennifer Reeder(segment Holy Hell) Chloe Okuno(segment Storm Drain) Simon Barrett(segment The Empty Wake) Stars Anna Hopkins Christian Potenza Brian Paul Top credits Directors Simon Barrett(segment The Empty Wake) Steven Kostanski(segment The Veggie Masher) Chloe Okuno(segment Storm Drain) Writers Jennifer Reeder(segment Holy Hell) Chloe Okuno(segment Storm Drain) Simon Barrett(segment The Empty Wake) Stars Anna Hopkins Christian Potenza Brian Paul See production, box office & company info 118User reviews 54Critic reviews 63Metascore See production, box office & company info See more at IMDbPro Videos2 Trailer 1:33 Official Trailer Trailer 1:33 V/H/S/94 Photos5 Top cast Edit Anna Hopkins Holly Marciano (segment "Storm Drain")as Holly Marciano (segment "Storm Drain") Christian Potenza Cameraman Jeff (segment "Storm Drain")as Cameraman Jeff (segment "Storm Drain") Brian Paul Pastor (segment "Storm Drain")as Pastor (segment "Storm Drain") Tim Campbell TV Anchor Mark (segment "Storm Drain")as TV Anchor Mark (segment "Storm Drain") Gina Phillips Camille (segment "Storm Drain")as Camille (segment "Storm Drain") Hume Baugh Camo Guy (segment "Storm Drain")as Camo Guy (segment "Storm Drain") Sean Sullivan Hippie (segment "Storm Drain")as Hippie (segment "Storm Drain") Thiago Dos Santos Raatma (segment "Storm Drain")as Raatma (segment "Storm Drain") Sophia Machula Skateboarder (segment "Storm Drain")as Skateboarder (segment "Storm Drain") Sean Patrick Dolan Skateboarder (segment "Storm Drain")as Skateboarder (segment "Storm Drain") (as Sean Dolan) Anthony Perpuse Skateboarder (segment "Storm Drain")as Skateboarder (segment "Storm Drain") Kyle Durack Storm Dweller (segment "Storm Drain")as Storm Dweller (segment "Storm Drain") Demetri Kellesis Storm Dweller (segment "Storm Drain")as Storm Dweller (segment "Storm Drain") Conor Sweeney Conor Sweeney (segment "The Veggie Masher")as Conor Sweeney (segment "The Veggie Masher") Kyal Legend Hayley (segment "The Wake")as Hayley (segment "The Wake") Devin Chin-Cheong Andrew Edwards (segment "The Wake")as Andrew Edwards (segment "The Wake") Daniel Matmor Gustav (segment "The Wake")as Gustav (segment "The Wake") Adam Kenneth Wilson Ronald (segment "The Wake")as Ronald (segment "The Wake") Directors Simon Barrett(segment The Empty Wake) Steven Kostanski(segment The Veggie Masher) Chloe Okuno(segment Storm Drain) Writers Jennifer Reeder(segment Holy Hell) Chloe Okuno(segment Storm Drain) Simon Barrett(segment The Empty Wake) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.0 V/H/S/2 5.8 V/H/S 5.2 Paranormal Activity: Next of Kin 4.2 V/H/S Viral 6.5 The Night House 6.6 V/H/S 5.7 Halloween Kills 4.8 There's Someone Inside Your House 5.5 The Deep House 5.3 No One Gets Out Alive 5.3 Seance 6.7 The Medium Storyline Edit A police S.W.A.T. team investigates about a mysterious VHS tape and discovers a sinister cult that has pre-recorded material which uncovers a nightmarish conspiracy. found footagevhs tapeanthologys.w.a.t.vhs13 more Plot summary Add synopsis Genres Horror Mystery Thriller Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia In the segment "Terror", you may notice that in the creatures cage they have garlic hung on the walls. Garlic has been long associated with vampires as a possible defense. Connections Follows V/H/S Viral (2014) Soundtracks V/H/S/94 Written by Greg Anderson Performed by The Lord Published by Sabbath Rehash BMI Courtesy of Southern Lord Recordings User reviews118 Review Top review A pretty solid entry in the V/H/S series The V/H/S series has always been incredibly hit or miss. The first one, V/H/S, was interesting in that a lot of the shorts challenged (at the time) what the idea of found footage could be and used unconventional cameras (glasses cam, webcam, etc) to provide a different perspective on what a horror film was. While interesting, it didn't always work in practice as those segments had myriad issues (too slow, too much filler, too much obnoxious camera glitching, etc) which kept them from being all that good or entertaining. Thankfully V/H/S 2 significantly improved the formula, and it is still imo the best of the bunch. Things sadly took a nosedive in the highly forgettable V/H/S: Viral, but I'm happy to say that they've rebounded in the 4th offering and V/H/S94 is more or less good all around. Wraparound story - "Holy Hell" - the idea of this one is really cool, with a SWAT team going into the abandoned compound of a death cult. Unfortunately this is one of the weakest segments due to the extremely poor film quality, cheap effects, and some of the worst acting I've ever seen committed to film which manages to get worse the longer the segment goes on. I would've liked to see a more expanded story as it definitely had potential, but I feel like I never had any idea what they were supposed to be doing. "Storm Drain" - this one starts off kind of slow and between that and the lame wraparound intro, I was thinking this whole anthology would be a bust. However, this one gets significantly better as it goes along and ends up being pretty good. The sewers provide interesting, dark, and very creepy atmosphere-- vaguely reminiscent of As Above, So Below. This very much feels like what you'd expect from a found footage vhs horror film and I think nails what the series is all about. "The Empty Wake" - this one also starts off slow as well, most of it is a lady sitting around at a somewhat unsettling wake, but it gets pretty good when it picks up. It's rather short and you get almost nothing in the way of story or development, but there are some cool visuals & gore, and it's suitably creepy. "The Subject" - holy crap, this one is absolutely INCREDIBLE. This is by far the longest and most detailed of any of the segments, and the film quality is a lot better than everything else. The Subject is on par with "Safe Haven" from v/h/s 2 (the indonesian death cult one) as undoubtedly the best of the entire series...which makes sense as it turns out that the writer/director Timo Tjahjanto also wrote Safe Haven (along with The Raid's Gareth Evans). You get a mad scientist turning people into robots whose secret lab gets raided by the police - lots of really good body horror, violence, and gore. This one gets a little cheesy and video game-y at times, but overall it's incredible - very engaging and well made. Also, by far the least likely to have ever been transferred to a vhs tape lol. "Terror" - this one had potential, but never fully realized it. You have a group of extremist militia guys who have some kind of secret weapon and are going to attack a federal building. I found this to be entertaining; it was realistic enough while also being suitably tongue-in-cheek. It had a decent build up, but it kind of fizzled out before ever hitting a satisfying crescendo. I think this one needed more time to develop the story and it could have been significantly better; once the "action" starts, it feels like they kind of rushed to end it which leaves you feeling like "oh...that's it?". I will say that this one felt very "vhs-y" and definitely nailed the vibe of what this whole series is about, however it's still the weakest segment other than the wraparound. Overall, this is an enjoyable anthology. It offers one of, if not the, best segments of the entire film series, and 3 other segments ranging from decent to pretty good. And while the wraparound was quite weak (and generally they always are), it had a couple redeeming qualities. These found footage films aren't for every horror fan, but if that's your thing than it's definitely worth a watch and it's definitely better than VHS: Viral. helpful•10 7 wormsoftheerth Oct 8, 2021 Details Edit Release date October 6, 2021 (Indonesia) Countries of origin United States Indonesia Language English Also known as З/Л/О 94 Production companies Bloody Disgusting Cinepocalypse Productions Raven Banner Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 43 minutes Color Color Aspect ratio 1.78 : 1 Related news AMC launches AMC+ streaming bundle in Australia Nov 9IF.com.au V/H/S/94 Becomes Shudder's Biggest Movie Premiere Ever! Oct 14Screen Anarchy Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was V/H/S/94 (2021) officially released in India in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.