Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - Trivia - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7097896/trivia/?ref_=tt_ql_trv
Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - Trivia - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Edit Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) Trivia Showing all 28 items Jump to: Spoilers (6) When Brock enters Mrs Chen's shop, Venom arranges a stack of magazines for her. On the cover of those magazines is Marvel writer Stan Lee. 296 of 304 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Andy Serkis cites The Odd Couple (1970) as an influence on the relationship between Eddie Brock and Venom: "They're figuring out how to be with each other. Eddie is struggling with Venom who's like a manic toddler, while Venom feels trapped in Eddie's body." 177 of 182 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Tom Hardy received his first story credit for this film, making him the fifth person to receive writing credit for a comic book superhero film that he also starred in, after Christopher Reeve (Superman IV: The Quest for Peace (1987)), Paul Rudd (Ant-Man (2015)), Edward Norton (The Incredible Hulk (2008)) and Ryan Reynolds (Deadpool 2 (2018)). 231 of 240 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Andy Serkis wanted Carnage to have "off-kilter and strange" motions that would fit his powers and nature: "Cletus has real intelligence and humor, and that's reflected in the symbiote that is linked to him; Carnage's playfulness, wit and strangeness, you just can't pin him down. Fighting Carnage would be like trying to have a fight with an octopus basically." Serkis and his team worked with a group of dancers and actors on a performance-capture stage to test and build out Carnage's movements. 181 of 188 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Running at just 97 minutes (1 hour and 37 minutes), this is the shortest superhero film to be released (excluding straight-to-video and/or animated superhero movies) since 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer (2007), which ran for 92 minutes. 159 of 165 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Eddie Brock is wearing a Mumford Phys Ed T-shirt and a Detroit Lions jacket throughout the movie which mirrors what Eddie Murphy's Axel Foley wears in the Beverly Hills Cop series. He wears the Mumford shirt in Beverly Hills Cop 1 and 2 and the Detroit Lions jacket in Beverly Hills Cop 2 and 3. 83 of 85 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Andy Serkis only agreed to direct the film on the proviso that he would be allowed to film the majority of in his native UK and do all the post-production work there too, because he didn't want to be away from his family for long periods. Unknown to him, Sony was planning on doing this anyway, and therefore were looking for a UK based director to oversee the production. As it happened, this proved to be very useful, as during the worst part of the COVID-19 pandemic, international air traffic was temporarily closed down, but production could still continue. 76 of 79 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Andy Serkis was announced as the new director of the sequel over Travis Knight, Rupert Sanders and Rupert Wyatt. 194 of 208 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's antagonist Carnage was actually supposed to appear in Venom (2018). He was later replaced by the Riot symbiote in favor of a future appearance. 45 of 46 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The working title during production was simply Venom 2. At one point Sony considered releasing the movie under the title 'Venom: Love Will Tear Us Apart' after a suggestion from director Andy Serkis (who is a fan of 1980s British new wave band 'Joy Division'). 54 of 57 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The release date for this film was moved several times due to the worldwide temporary shutdown of movie theaters because of the Covid-19 pandemic. The original date was supposed to be October 2020 but this was then delayed to June 2021, then again to September 2021 and then finally to October 2021. 44 of 46 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Filming wrapped in February 2020, just a handful of weeks before the Covid-19 pandemic shut down the worldwide film industry. Due to pandemic restrictions the majority of the film was edited done remotely with most of the post production work done during that period too. 42 of 44 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Sony has chosen to replace director Ruben Fleischer due to his commitments to Zombieland: Double Tap (2019). 123 of 138 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film's cast includes one Oscar winner, J.K. Simmons, and four Oscar nominees: Tom Hardy, Woody Harrelson, Naomie Harris and Michelle Williams. 153 of 179 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The Fifth Marvel film to be scored by Marco Beltrami after Blade II (2002), Logan (2017), Fantastic Four (2015), and The Wolverine (2013) 98 of 113 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The first Andy Serkis film not to have music composed by Nitin Sawhney. 66 of 81 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options At one point Anne refers to Detective Mulligan as "the little guy". Stephen Graham played Anthony Provenzano, aka "the Little Guy", in The Irishman (2019). 48 of 60 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The film includes both actors who have played Notorious Gangster Al Capone Tom Hardy played Capone in the 2020 film Capone and Stephen Graham played Capone in Boardwalk Empire both Hardy and Graham are the only 2 English actors to play Al Capone 38 of 51 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options This is the first Venom movie to be shot in the taller 1.85:1 aspect ratio, unlike its predecessor which was filmed in Cooke /i Scope (anamorphic) 2.39:1. 56 of 79 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The second film of Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSMU), following Venom (2018). 41 of 62 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Both Naomie Harris (Frances Barrison / Shriek) and Stephen Graham (Patrick Mulligan) appeared in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, where Naomie Harris plays the role of Tia Dalma in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest (2006) and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End (2007) while Stephen Graham plays the role of Scrum in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides (2011) and Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017). 16 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Tom Hardy (Eddie Brock) worked with military advisor & producer Harry Humphries in Black Hawk Down as Twombly. James Weston II (Prison Guard escort) worked with Harry in Transformers: Dark Of The Moon (Lennox Team "Tuens") and Transformers. 9 of 31 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options Spoilers The trivia items below may give away important plot points. When Eddie and Venom are arguing with each other in his apartment, Tom Hardy recorded lines as Venom which was played back (in an earpiece Hardy wore) by a sound operator. This technique let Hardy improvised his dialogue as an exasperated Eddie. 140 of 140 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In his last moment, Patrick Mulligan's eyes glow blue indicating he has his own symbiote and setting the stage for his role as Toxin. In the comics, Toxin the spawn of Carnage and the first symbiote Spider-Man truly considers an ally. He first bonded to Mulligan, and later Eddie Brock. 139 of 139 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options First SSMU (Sony's Spider-Man Universe) film to acknowledge the events of the MCU, as shown in the post-credits scene where Venom and Eddie see the Daily Bugle broadcast by J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons) confirming Peter Parker (Tom Holland) as Spider-Man and framing him for the death of Mysterio/Quentin Beck (Jake Gyllenhaal) in Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019). 202 of 208 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options In the end-credits scene, Venom is transported to a completely different room where he sees Spider-Man and J. Jonah Jameson of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. If he was transported across universes and not just locations, this would explain the lack of the MCU's San Francisco based heroes Ant-Man, Wasp, and Shang-Chi in the Venom movies. 111 of 113 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options During the end battle, Venom concludes that Kasady and Carnage did not truly bond as they did. In the comics, the opposite is true. Venom and Eddie remain two separate characters who refer to themselves as "we" whereas Kasady truly bonded with his symbiote and is one of the few to refer to himself in the singular. 94 of 96 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options The telenovela that Venom and Eddie are watching in the post-credits scene is Acorralada (2007), starring David Zepeda and Alejandra Lazcano. 25 of 27 found this interesting Interesting? Yes No | Share this Share this: Facebook | Twitter | Permalink Hide options See also Goofs | Crazy Credits | Quotes | Alternate Versions | Connections | Soundtracks Getting Started | Contributor Zone » Contribute to This Page Edit page Top Gap Answer See more gaps » Venom: Let There Be Carnage Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Kon's Return a list of 30 titles created 1 month ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago Ciné Year : 2021 a list of 30 titles created 5 months ago Seen in cinema 2021 a list of 31 titles created 5 months ago My Movie List (2021) a list of 35 titles created 8 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.