Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - News - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7097896/news/?ref_=tt_nwr_sm
Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - News - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) News ‘Eternals’ Tops U.K. Box Office, ‘No Time to Die’ Continues Blockbuster Business 16 November 2021 by Naman Ramachandran Variety Disney release “Eternals” continued to rule the U.K. and Ireland box office for the second weekend in succession with £2.9 million ($3.9 million), according to numbers released by Comscore. The latest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, directed by Oscar winner Chloé Zhao, now has a total of £10.5 million after two weekends. James Bond film “No Time to Die,” from Universal, continued its blockbuster business with £1.5 million in second position after seven weekends and now has a mighty total of £92.7 million. In its fourth weekend, Warner Bros.’ epic adaptation of Frank Herbert’s “Dune,” placed third with £1.17 and has now grossed £18.9 million. Eros STX’s Princess Diana film “Spencer,” starring Kristen Stewart, collected £698,065 in its second weekend in fourth place and now has a total of £1.5 million. Rounding off the top five was Universal’s “The Boss Baby: Family Business,” which collected £574,219 in its fourth weekend and has a total of £6.4 million. See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this Who you gonna call? ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife’ hopes to scare up ticket sales 37 years after original film 15 November 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby A whopping 37 years after the original “Ghostbusters” movie hit theaters and 32 years after the sequel, it’s finally time for the third narrative installment, “Ghostbusters: Afterlife.” Reprising their roles in Sony’s highly anticipated film, which was delayed multiple times by the pandemic, are Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Sigourney Weaver and Annie Potts, with the late Harold Ramis appearing via archival footage. Carrie Coon, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace and Paul Rudd are the fresh cast members who drive the current story. Will audiences flock to “Ghostbusters III” when it opens on Friday? Beginning right now at Gold Derby, you can make your box office predictions for what movies will earn the #1 through #5 spots at the U.S. box office for this weekend, November 19 – November 21. You can also forecast how much money the weekend’s highest-grossing film will rake in. Each week the eligible user with the highest prediction See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ wins box office again, Best Picture front-runner ‘Belfast’ has solid debut 15 November 2021 by Christopher Rosen Gold Derby The discourse around Marvel’s “Eternals” burned bright and fast, with blistering reviews calling the Chloe Zhao film one of the franchise’s worst entries. But that hasn’t stopped audiences from buying tickets to the film. Despite dipping 61 percent from its debut, “Eternals” earned an estimated $27.5 million for a total gross of $118.8 million in North America. Its worldwide total is now more than $284 million. Overall, it was an unremarkable weekend at the box office — “Clifford the Big Red Dog” finished in second place with an estimated total of $16.3 million for a $22 million total since its mid-week release; the kids’ movie is also streaming on Paramount+ — but there were some standout headlines. “Venom: Let There Be Carnage” became just the second movie released during the coronavirus pandemic to top $200 million in North America, joining “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.” “No Time to Die” continued to pad its numbers, See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Cineworld outperforms pre-pandemic levels for October in UK and Ireland 15 November 2021 by Orlando Parfitt ScreenDaily Cineworld said the recovery was driven by an “excellent slate of movies”. UK-based exhibitor Cineworld Group has reported its revenue for October in the UK and Ireland outperformed pre-pandemic levels. Combined box office and concession revenue for the chain hit 127% of the October 2019 total in UK and Ireland this year, with worldwide revenues at 90% of the pre-pandemic total. Cineworld is the world’s second biggest exhibitor, owning Regal theatres in the US as well as Cineworld and Picturehouse Cinemas in the UK, with operations in 10 countries, 752 sites and 9,193 screens. The group begun reopening sites in April 2021 and total revenue for See full article at ScreenDaily » Permalink Report this Cineworld Reports Positive Cash Flow In October As Revenues Hit Pandemic High 15 November 2021 by Nancy Tartaglione Deadline “There are real grounds for optimism in our industry,” Cineworld CEO Mooky Greidinger beamed today as the world’s second largest exhibitor issued a trading update. The company reached “an important milestone” in its recovery, generating positive cash flow in October, it said in the statement. Although it didn’t get into exact figures, Cineworld did report significant improvement in box office and concession revenue for the four months ended October 31 2021 — in some cases reaching or exceeding 2019 levels. In October, group box office and concession sales were at 90% of 2019 after steadily rising across the summer months. Cineworld’s Regal chain in the U.S. went from 45% of 2019’s business in July and August to 54% in September and 80% in October. With MGM/Eon/Universal’s No Time To Die setting new records in the UK, Cineworld’s October revenue there blew past 2019, repping 127% of the comparable period. Cineworld operates in 10 countries with 752 sites and 9,193 screens. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford 15 November 2021 by Mike Tyrkus CinemaNerdz Marvel’s Eternals held onto the box-office weekend crown, though the film’s margin of victory was far less than the $63.4 million it sported last weekend. The newest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe pulled in $27.5 million during its second weekend of release. Eternals now sports a two-week total of $118.8 million. Second place was claimed by newcomer Clifford the Big Red Dog, which debuted with an opening weekend of $16.4 million Eternals…$27.5 Million Clifford the Big Red Dog…$16.4 Million Dune: Part One…$5.5 Million No Time To Die…$4.6 Million Venom: Let There Be Carnage…$4.0 Million Ron’s Gone Wrong…$2.2 Million The French Dispatch…$1.8 Million Belfast…$1.8M Spencer…$1.5 Million Antlers…$1.2 Million The post Box-Office Weekend: Eternals Neuters Clifford first appeared on CinemaNerdz. See full article at CinemaNerdz » Permalink Report this Marvel’s ‘Eternals’ Holds Off ‘Clifford The Big Red Dog’ For The Top Spot; ‘Belfast’ Enters The Awards Race In Limited Release 14 November 2021 by Chris Nashawaty Box Office Mojo There were no massive surprises at the box office this weekend as Marvel’s splashy superhero tentpole, Eternals, added $27.5 million in its sophomore outing, holding off a surprisingly strong $16.4 million debut from Paramount’s family-friendly canine film, Clifford the Big Red Dog, atop the domestic charts during an otherwise sleepy weekend. Meanwhile, Kenneth Branagh’s buzzy coming-of-age drama, Belfast, officially entered the awards-season derby in limited release, snagging an eighth-place finish with $1.8 million. Despite less-than-stellar reviews (it’s the first Marvel film with a “rotten” rating on the Rotten Tomatoes aggregator site) and mediocre word of mouth (based on its soft ‘B’ CinemaScore grade), director Chloe Zhao’s Eternals remained the No. 1 film in North America in its second weekend, despite sliding -61.4% from the previous frame. That sophomore slump places the film between the second-weekend dips of its recent Marvel stablemates Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings See full article at Box Office Mojo » Permalink Report this ‘No Time To Die’ Crosses $700M Global, Becomes Biggest Hollywood Pic Of Pandemic Overseas; ‘Eternals’ Assembles $281M WW Through Second Session – International Box Office 14 November 2021 by Nancy Tartaglione Deadline Refresh for latest…: After seven weekends of offshore release, MGM/Eon/Universal’s No Time To Die continues to bond with audiences and has crossed $700M global. Importantly, that includes over $558M at the international box office, making Bond 25 the biggest Hollywood movie overseas in 2021 and throughout the pandemic era. The Cary Joji Fukunaga-directed Nttd had a great start in Australia this session and has now surpassed Skyfall’s lifetime in 18 markets and Spectre’s lifetime in 22 (see more below). Meanwhile, in its sophomore session, Disney/Marvel’s Eternals continued to lead the international box office, adding $48M in 49 overseas markets for a $162.6M offshore cume and $281.4M worldwide. The overseas drop was -49% from opening last weekend, which is slightly better than expected, particularly in light of low social scores. In IMAX, Eternals has grossed $22.5M globally. The Chloe Zhao-directed superhero gods movie held the No. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Leads Box Office Over ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’ 14 November 2021 by Rebecca Rubin Variety Marvel’s comic book epic “Eternals” is once again dominating domestic box office charts. In its second weekend of release, the superhero adventure has collected a leading $27.5 million from 4,090 North American theaters. Through Sunday, “Eternals” crossed the $100 million mark in the U.S. and Canada, with box office receipts at $118 million. Though it wouldn’t be a particularly notable benchmark in pre-covid times, only a handful of films have surpassed $100 million domestically in 2021. “Eternals” declined 61% from its $71 million debut, a drop that falls somewhere in between Marvel’s other pandemic releases, “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” (which declined 52% in its sophomore outing) and “Black Widow” (which declined 67% in its sophomore outing). “Eternals,” like “Shang-Chi,” is playing only in theaters, whereas “Black Widow” premiered on Disney Plus (for $30 on top of monthly subscription fees) on the same day it opened in cinemas. Internationally, “Eternals” added another $48 million from 49 markets, See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this ‘Venom: Let There Be Carnage’ Becomes 2nd Movie During Pandemic To Cross $200M At Domestic Box Office 13 November 2021 by Anthony D'Alessandro Deadline Sony, which doesn’t mess around with theatrical day-and-date releases like some other motion picture studios, can celebrate their Marvel sequel Venom: Let There Be Carnage crossing the $200 million mark in U.S. and Canada, the second movie to do so during Covid after Disney/Marvel’s Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. That latter Marvel title looks to stand at $224.4M by the end of this weekend as the theatrical release, which launched over Labor Day, finally hits homes on Disney+. Worldwide Venom 2 will be well north of $430M by Eod tomorrow. This weekend, Venom 2 is on track to make $3.7M in its 7th weekend, landing at $202.4M by the end of Sunday. Sony hopscotched Venom 2 around the calendar and with good reason, protecting its theatrical release, as they knew they had a great movie which ultimately wound up with 4 stars from audiences on Comscore/Screen Engine’s PostTrak. See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this Box Office: Marvel’s ‘Eternals’ Endures as Box Office Leader Above ‘Clifford’ 13 November 2021 by J. Kim Murphy Variety “Eternals” will keep its crown at the domestic box office, as the Marvel entry is projected to repeat as No. 1 with an estimated $27 million gross in its second weekend. Should current projections pan out, the MCU entry will fall approximately 62% in its sophomore outing. Measured against the second weekends of other Marvel Studios releases this year, that’s a much steeper drop than the 52% sink of “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” and a healthier one than the 67% tumble “Black Widow” took. However, that latter film simultaneously debuted as a rental on Disney Plus through the streamer’s Premier Access program, a release strategy that undoubtedly impacted its ultimate box office performance. “Eternals” is headed for one of the larger second weekend drops in the MCU’s eleven-year history. “Black Widow” outstanding, the only other franchise entries to fall at least 62% in their sophomore outings are 2018’s “Ant-Man and the Wasp See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this UK-Ireland box office preview: ‘Cry Macho’, ‘Mothering Sunday’ take on strong holdovers 12 November 2021 by Mona Tabbara ScreenDaily ‘Tick, Tick…Boom!’ and foreign-language titles ‘Wesele’ and ‘Kurup’ are also new. Holdovers from the major studios look set to dominate the UK-Ireland box office this weekend, with Chloe Zhao’s Marvel epic Eternals aiming to build upon its debut last week, where it made £5.5m from 642 locations. Universal’s No Time To Die has enjoyed six weekends in the top two with its total standing at £89.9m. Matching Spectre’s £95.2m is still possible, but Skyfall’s £103.2m now seems out of reach. Another strong contender for the top five is Warner Bros’ Dune, which took £1.6m in its See full article at ScreenDaily » Permalink Report this The Morning Watch: Venom: Let There Be Carnage VFX, Inside National Treasure's Book Of Secrets & More 11 November 2021 by Ethan Anderton Slash Film (The Morning Watch is a recurring feature that highlights a handful of noteworthy videos from around the web. They could be video essays, fan-made productions, featurettes, short films, hilarious sketches, or just anything that has to do with our favorite movies and TV shows.) In this edition, see how the visual effects for "Venom: Let There Be Carnage" came together, including a fully computer generated Woody Harrelson in the worst suit and hair combination ever. Plus, take a close look inside the pages of the titular prop book from "National Treasure: Book of Secrets." And finally, listen as "Game... The post The Morning Watch: Venom: Let There Be Carnage VFX, Inside National Treasure's Book of Secrets & More appeared first on /Film. See full article at Slash Film » Permalink Report this Paul Thomas Anderson Hypes Shang-Chi and Venom 2 11 November 2021 by Kirsten Howard Den of Geek Wherever you stand on the relentless Marvel vs. Cinema debate, there are supportive voices in the film industry on either side. Dune director Denis Villeneuve just recently referred to a lot of Marvel Cinematic Universe entries as “nothing more than a cut and paste of others” while Joker fan Martin Scorsese famously declared them “not cinema” back in 2019, leading to many an exhausting online squabble and much trolling from his daughter, Francesca. But then there’s Paul Thomas Anderson. The celebrated director of Boogie Nights and Phantom Thread, whose 1999 ensemble film Magnolia was once heralded by the iconic Ingmar Bergman as an example of “the strength of American cinema” and who was later referred to as “a true auteur” by American Beauty director Sam Mendes, leans in the opposite direction. It’s not a new revelation, but the internet at large was once again surprised to hear that PTA is a Marvel geek this week, See full article at Den of Geek » Permalink Report this Box office predictions: ‘Eternals’ will earn #1 slot again, but what about ‘Clifford the Big Red Dog’? 10 November 2021 by Marcus James Dixon Gold Derby Last weekend’s box office champion, “Eternals” (dir. Chloe Zhao), earned a whopping $71 million domestically, continuing the trend of comic book movies dominating 2021 ticket sales. Now on the eve of its second weekend of release, our odds-makers believe the Marvel/Disney film will once again finish in the #1 spot. In their second place position is “Clifford the Big Red Dog” (dir. Walt Becker), the live action movie adapted from the beloved children’s books. Agree or disagree with our readers’ predictions? Hurry — you can still make your box office predictions at Gold Derby before the cutoff time on Thursday at 5 p.m. Pt. Financial numbers and rankings are based upon weekend data (Friday-Saturday-Sunday) featured at Variety Insight. The eligible user with the best predictions score will win a $100 Amazon gift certificate and a spot on our box office 2021 leaderboard. (Read contest rules.) Then come back next week and do it all again! See full article at Gold Derby » Permalink Report this Jonny Greenwood Confirmed To Score Paul Thomas Anderson’s ‘Licorice Pizza’ As Soundtrack Details Emerge 10 November 2021 by Charles Barfield The Playlist We are mere days away from the release of Paul Thomas Anderson’s latest film, “Licorice Pizza.” Well, in select theaters at least. However, it appears we now have more details on what songs will accompany the feature as part of the period film’s ‘70s soundtrack. Read More: Paul Thomas Anderson Says His Family Is “Marvel-Obsessed” & Praises ‘Venom 2’ And ‘Shang-Chi’ According to Film Music Reporter, the “Licorice Pizza” soundtrack will be released by Republic Records and feature a ton of great artists such as Nina Simone, Sonny & Cher, David Bowie, Paul McCartney, The Doors, and many more. Continue reading Jonny Greenwood Confirmed To Score Paul Thomas Anderson’s ‘Licorice Pizza’ As Soundtrack Details Emerge at The Playlist. See full article at The Playlist » Permalink Report this Paul Thomas Anderson Says His Family Is “Marvel-Obsessed” & Praises ‘Venom 2’ And ‘Shang-Chi’ 10 November 2021 by Charles Barfield The Playlist Paul Thomas Anderson is a film fan. I mean, that much is probably obvious given his chosen career path, of course. However, more than that, he also seems like a true movie buff—a guy that is willing to watch whatever movie is put in front of him and never look down on something because of its genre or the actors involved. He’s just ready to give any film a shot. This is why he’s willing to name-drop Marvel superhero movies next to Palme d’Or winners and prestige biopics when listing his recent film recommendations. Continue reading Paul Thomas Anderson Says His Family Is “Marvel-Obsessed” & Praises ‘Venom 2’ And ‘Shang-Chi’ at The Playlist. See full article at The Playlist » Permalink Report this Tom Hardy & Channing Tatum to lead Afghanistan movie 10 November 2021 by Zehra Phelan HeyUGuys Tom Hardy and Channing Tatum are attached to lead the currently untitled movie on the Afghanistan evacuation. The fact-based drama from an original pitch by George Nolfi will focus on three former special forces team members who jump back into the fray alongside their Afghan counterparts, to rescue families and allies left behind amid the rapid fall of Afghanistan last August. Jules Daly, Tatum and Hardy will produce as well as Reid Carolin and Peter Kiernan of Free Association. Nolfi will be the executive producer. Also in news – Stranger Things 4 arrives Summer 2022 – Episode Titles revealed & New Trailer promises California Screaming Hardy was last seen in the Andy Serkis directed sequel ‘Venom: Let there be Carnage’ and has recently wrapped filming on the Gareth Evans-directed Netflix thriller ‘Havoc.’ Tatum was last seen in a cameo appearance in Ryan Reynolds ‘Free Guy’, he next stars in ‘Dog’, which he co-directed with Reid Carolin, See full article at HeyUGuys » Permalink Report this Channing Tatum, Tom Hardy In Universal Deal For George Nolfi-Scripted Afghanistan Evacuation Pic 09 November 2021 by Mike Fleming Jr Deadline Exclusive: Universal Pictures has acquired an untitled original pitch from George Nolfi, a ripped from the headlines fact-based drama about the Afghanistan evacuation. Channing Tatum and Tom Hardy are attached to star. The story is based on recently reported true stories, this one focusing on three former special forces team members who jump back into the fray alongside their Afghan counterparts, to rescue families and allies left behind amid the rapid fall of Afghanistan last August. Jules Daly, Tatum and Hardy will produce as well as Reid Carolin and Peter Kiernan of Free Association. Nolfi will be executive producer. Tatum next stars in Dog, which he co-directed with Reid Carolin, and opposite Sandra Bullock in The Lost City. Hardy is coming off the hit sequel Venom: Let There Be Carnage, and wrapped Havoc, the Gareth Evans-directed Netflix thriller. Nolfi last wrote and directed The Banker for Apple TV+. Senior See full article at Deadline » Permalink Report this ‘Eternals’ Didn’t Dazzle at the Box Office, but Marvel Shouldn’t Be Worried 09 November 2021 by Rebecca Rubin Variety Disney’s superhero adventure “Eternals” debuted to $71 million at the domestic box office, a tally that would typically be labeled a “disappointment” in the blockbuster Marvel Cinematic Universe. Marvel movies rarely miss at the box office; all 26 movies have opened at No. 1 in North America and many recent installments have ultimately glided by the $1 billion mark globally with ease. Box office observers and comic book super-fans have come to expect the franchise’s entries to generate more than $100 million in their opening weekends. Anything less, by Marvel standards, tends to be classified as a misstep. In that company, “Eternals” isn’t quite stacking up at the box office. The big-budget adaptation, featuring an ensemble cast of Angelina Jolie, Gemma Chan, Salma Hayek, Richard Madden and Kit Harington, notched one of the worst opening weekends in the MCU — including the pandemic-era releases “Black Widow” and “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings See full article at Variety » Permalink Report this An error has occured. Please try again. Load More IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. See also Showtimes | External Sites Venom: Let There Be Carnage Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews TV TV Schedule Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Kon's Return a list of 30 titles created 1 month ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago Ciné Year : 2021 a list of 30 titles created 5 months ago Seen in cinema 2021 a list of 31 titles created 5 months ago My Movie List (2021) a list of 35 titles created 8 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising </svg> Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.