Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7097896/reviews/?ref_=tt_ql_urv
Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) - User Reviews - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021) User Reviews Review this title 799 Reviews Hide Spoilers Sort by: Helpfulness Review Date Total Votes Prolific Reviewer Review Rating Filter by Rating: Show All 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 6 Stars 7 Stars 8 Stars 9 Stars 10 Stars 7/10 Enjoy the Show. nogodnomasters15 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Eddie Brock gets a chance to interview Cletes Kasady (Woody Harrelson) abused as a child and serial killer as an adult. In looking at the graffiti on his cell walls, Venom is able to figure out where the bodies are buried. The death penalty is reinstated as Cletus head for lethal injection. Cletus also has a love interest in Francis Barrison (Naomie Harris) aka "the shriek: because of her high pitch deadly voice. On Brock's final visit to Cletus, he infects the serial killer with a piece of Venom which turn him into Carnage who goes on a rampage of revenge. I didn't like this as much as the first film. The climax fight scene had multiple sides and lasted an inane amount of time with equally inane action. I guess this is what audiences' want. I liked seeing Woody not acting old. I thought someone like Octavia Spencer would have made an interesting Francis Barrison. Guide: 1 F-word. No sex or nudity unless you notice that Venom doesn't wear pants. 50 out of 89 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 PG Carnage that is kosmasp26 October 2021 If you had issues with the first one and the (low) level of violence it had (PG13 and all that), do not expect this to be any better. This also is PG13. Since I am not too aware of Venom as he was depicted in the comics, I was free of that and quite enjoyed the first one. And while the bonus scene in the end credits of the first Venom movie hinted at Woody Harrelson being the main bad guy in this one (with a now different look for no reason I can think of), he is quite underused to be honest. The main focus of the movie relies on the relationship of Venom and Tom Hardys character. The side story is the love story between Harrelsons character and a woman with an ability ... that should open quite a few doors emotionally and otherwise, but never gets fully explored ... because people have to fight and CGI and all that. So the human drama only works between Hardy and Venom - everything else (even the cop) are side notes at best. Having said all that, the movie works if you don't mind those things too much and cut it some slack. It still feels like a step back from the previous entry. That is until the ending. And I don't mean the end fight (although the CG is quite stunning all things considered) ... I am talking about the bonus scene in the credits. I am not going to tell you what happens and I really hope you can watch it without knowing. As with the looking into the future that the first Venom had in store for us ... this does too! But with quite the promise ... although depending on how you feel about ... certain things you may feel different than me. Still it has to be seen to be believed! Oh the hype is real - and that bonus scene almost made me give this a bigger/higher rating too ... 35 out of 50 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Venom: Let There Be Carnage jboothmillard28 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers The first film was an okay anti-superhero spin-off movie from Marvel for the famous enemy of Spider-Man, I didn't expect very much from the follow-up, but I was up for going to see it anyway, directed by Andy Serkis. Basically, in the opening flashback, in 1996, young Cletus Kasady (Jack Bandeira) is helplessly separated from his love, Frances Barrison (Olumide Olorunfemi), who has the ability of sound manipulation, when she is taken away from St. Estes Home for Unwanted Children to the Ravencroft Institute. On the way, Barrison uses her sonic scream powers to escape and attacks young police officer Patrick Mulligan (Sean Delaney). The officer shoots Barrison in the eye and her scream causes an injury to his ear, he assumes she is dead, but is taken to a facility with sound-proof walls. In the present, Detective Mulligan (Stephen Graham) contacts investigative journalist Eddie Brock (Tom Hardy) to speak to serial killer Kasady (Woody Harrelson), who refuses to talk to anyone other than Brock following their interview a year ago. Brock, still living with alien symbiote Venom, has his career boosted by Venom figuring out where Kasady's murder victims bodies' are hidden. Brock later meets his ex-fiancée Anne Weying (Michelle Williams) who tells him that she is now engaged to Dr. Dan Lewis (Reid Scott), much to Venom's displeasure. Kasady was previously found guilty of his crimes and sentenced to death by lethal injection; he invites Brock over to San Quentin State Prison to attend his execution. Meeting on death row, Kasady provokes Venom, with numerous insults directed at Brock. Kasady bites Brock's hand, ingesting a small part of the symbiote. Back home, Venom and Brock argue as the alien wants more freedom and to eat bad people, and their fight ends with the symbiote detaching from his body. During Kasady's execution, the red symbiote emerges and blocks the injection, and infecting the criminal's body goes on a violent rampage through the prison, freeing inmates and killing guards. The red symbiote, calling itself Carnage, makes a deal with Kasady, to help him break out Barrison aka Shriek (Naomie Harris) from Ravencroft, and Kasady will help him eliminate Brock and Venom. Mulligan calls Brock and warns him about the situation. In Ravencroft, Kasady frees Barrison, they embrace and travel to their old children's home to burn it down. Mulligan, suspicious of Brock due to his interactions with Kasady before his escape, takes Brock to the police station. Brock refuses to answer Mulligan's questions and contacts Weying as his lawyer. Brock reveals that Venom has separated from him and needs him back to fight Carnage together. Venom has made his way to San Francisco, hopping from body to body, and is embracing his freedom. Eventually Weying finds him and bonds with him, after convincing him to forgive Brock, as the head to break Brock out of the police station. Brock and Venom make amends and reform. Kasady takes Mulligan hostage, and Barrison, failing to find Brock, kidnaps Weying. Lewis was given a message from Barrison about their whereabouts, to give to Brock, as they plan to get married at a cathedral. There, Venom appears and fights Carnage, holding his own against his spawn, who has strong disagreements with Kasady. Barrison seemingly kills Mulligan by hanging, and Venom is eventually overpowered brutally by Carnage, who decides to kill Weying at the top of the cathedral. But Venom regains his strength and saves Weying and provokes Barrison to use her powers, as her sonic blast causes both symbiotes to separate from their hosts. This causes the cathedral to collapse and Barrison falls to the ground and is killed by a falling bell. Venom saves Brock by bonding with him before the impact. Carnage tries to bond with Kasady again, but Venom devours the symbiote. Kasady says that he only wanted to be Brock's friend, but Venom bites Kasady's head off. While Brock, Venom, Weying, and Lewis escape, Mulligan is still alive, his eyes flash blue. Brock and Venom decide to take a vacation while they think about what will happen next. As Venom tells Brock about other universes, a blinding light transports them from their hotel room to another room, and they watch a news report with J. Jonah Jameson (J. K. Simmons) revealing the identity of Spider-Man as Peter Parker (Tom Holland), to which Venom takes an interest. Also starring Peggy Lu as Mrs. Chen, Sian Webber as Dr. Pazzo and Reece Shearsmith as Priest. Hardy is likeable as both the ordinary reporter and the amusingly snarly being in his body, Harrelson has fun being the camp villain, Harris is interesting if perhaps underwritten, and Graham doesn't do much. As with the original film, the special effects are brilliant to propel the fast-paced chase, fight and explosive sequences and bring to life unworldly creatures, it has great comedic sparring with no-holds-barred language, it is a warped buddy movie style story that works the slightest bit better than its predecessor, predictable and flimsy at times, but a reasonable superhero fantasy action horror. Worth watching! 10 out of 24 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink I enjoyed it more than I expected Gordon-1117 October 2021 The story is pretty engaging, and the visual effects are phenomenal. There's comedy in the symbiosis. The story offers much tension too. I enjoyed it more than I expected. 42 out of 81 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 A (very) distant cousin of the first one... CinemaSerf17 October 2021 I was really looking forward to this. I enjoyed the first one and the trails for this sequel looked fun... What happened? It is all over the place. It starts off promisingly enough with an enjoyable set piece with "Eddie" (Tom Hardy) and Michelle Williams ("Anne") - aided by some pithy one-liners from an unseen "Venom" but after we are introduced to "Cletus" (Woody Harrelson) the thing really hits the skids. The entertaining elements from the first film, the humour and - dare I say it, the symbiotic relationship/tolerance of man and amoeba are thrown under the bus for this angry CGI fest. Add to this pretty dry mix the rather pointless character of Harrelson's childhood sweetheart "Frances" (Naomie Harris) alias "the Scream" (remember the symbiotes don't like fire of sound), with her own agenda against copper "Mulligan" (Stephen Graham) and the whole thing just boils down to a very good looking film - but one with a plot that was almost non-existent, and that robbed the formidably sarcastic "Venom" of much of the charm that made the original work. Come to think on it - Hardy hardly features at all. I didn't hate it - it has a pace that passes 90 minutes effortlessly enough, but sorry, I was really disappointed. 52 out of 81 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 The Sequel Surpasses The Original! zardoz-137 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Sequels can be scary. First, they must live up to the original. Second, they must be as entertaining as the original. Third, they must develop the original characters and storyline without copycatting the original. Fourth, they should surpass the original. Most franchises crash and burn here. Comparably, Marvel's superhero sequel sagas have lived up to this credo. Notable exceptions are the "Hulk" sequels and the "Fantastic Four" sequels. Happily, "Breathe" director Andy Serkis' sequel "Venom: Let There Be Carnage" (**** OUT OF ****) surpasses the fabulous Reuben Fleischer original. Clocking in at 95 lean but hyperactive minutes, "Venom: LTBC" conjures up more outlandish action and makes you feel like you're trapped in a runaway centrifuge. Happily, not only is Tom Hardy back in the lead as the trouble-prone protagonist Eddie Brock, but also Michele Williams reprises her role as Eddie's ex-girlfriend Anne Weying and Reid Scott returns as Anne's fiancé Dr. Dan Lewis. Anne still cares about Eddie, but she is still attached to Dr. Dan, much to Venom's chagrin. Of course, Peggy Lu shows up again as Mrs. Chen, the storefront shop owner who plies Venom with chocolate. The larger-than-life action transpires once again in San Francisco. Neither Eddie nor Venom are entirely content with each other. The relationship between the disgraced journalist and the sentient alien symbiote in exile is even more contentious. They make quite an industrial strength "The Odd Couple." Eddie must constantly restrain the amorphous, liquid-like creature bonded to him that can assume a humanoid shape. Speaking with a deep, gravelly voice, Venom behaves like a berserk space gorilla. An unabashed carnivore at heart, Venom has a voracious appetite that can never assuaged. Living with Venom is like contending with a temper tantrum-prone two-year and Eddie is frustrated with his outbursts. Primarily, Eddie has put Venom on a diet of chicken and chocolate. Predictably, Venom abhors it. The good vampires in the "Twilight" trilogy abided by similar rules. Eddie spends a lot of time patching up the damages Venom does to the premises as well as replacing his television. If you remember the first movie, you know the original concluded with Eddie Brock visiting notorious serial killer Cletus Kasady (Woody Harrelson of "Natural Born Killers") at San Quentin Prison. Bad memories plague Cletus about being locked away at St. Estes Home for Unwanted Children. Using creepy looking sketches, Serkis shows Cletus pushing his granny in her wheelchair down the stairs and killing her. No doubt, this scene drew inspiration from "Kiss of Death" (1947) a crime thriller about a sadistic gangster shoved an old woman in her wheelchair down a staircase to her death. Afterward, Cletus tossed an electric hair dryer into his mother's bathtub while she was bathing herself. Indeed, he electrocuted her to death. This scene was lifted from a similar scene in the James Bond epic "Goldfinger" (1964) when Agent 007 fried a villain in a bathtub with an electric appliance. Poor little Cletus suffers at the hands of the other Ravencroft inmates until he meets his guardian angel of love, Frances Barrison (Naomie Harris of "Skyfall"), who rescues him from a beating. She shrieks like a banshee, and her sonic powers are not only deafening but also deadly. The authorities sedate her and ship her off to a hardened facility equipped to withstand her sonic mayhem. Meantime, years later, Cletus summons Eddie to visit him. When he leaving, Eddie notices some handwriting on the wall of Cletus' cell, and Venom memorizes every bit of it. Later, Venom and Eddie deduce where Cletus disposed of the bodies of his victims. Eddie's story about Cletus is published, and Cletus finds himself facing lethal injection. Cletus invites Eddie to his execution. During their brief chat, Venom surprises Eddie, bursts out of his body and attacks Cletus in his cell. Hannibal Lector type villain that he is, Cletus bites Eddie in self-defense. The death row inmate tastes blood like he has never savored. Now, Cletus shares his body with a red symbiote. This DNA spin-off of Venom is bonded to him like Venom is to Eddie. When Carnage emerges from Cletus, the shape-shifting symbiote is a dead finger for Venom. Carnage enabled Cletus to escape from death chamber, kill the warden, and spawn mayhem galore. After their escape, Cletus and Carnage rescue Frances from Ravencroft. While all this is happening, Venom and Eddie have separated. Leaving Eddie, Venom bounces between bodies, but he cannot find a host as ideal as Eddie. Anne tracks down Venom. He has bonded with Mrs. Chen and Anne implores him to reunite with Eddie to vanquish Cletus and Carnage. Director Andy Serkis stomps the pedal to the metal in this ramped-up, slam-bang, high-octane escapade. This sequel qualifies as one of the shortest Marvel movies ever! Serkis never lets the action bog down in extraneous subplots and supporting characters. The visual CGI effects in "Venom" provided half of the spectacle in the original film. Meantime, Serkis and original "Venom" scenarist Kelly Marcel keep the characters jumping through flaming hoops, and this hysteria propels the action like a runaway train. Although it features some supernatural life and death violence, "Venom: LTBC" ladens the storyline with tongue-in-cheek humor. Tom Hardy has his hands full throughout the sequel. Eddie Brock takes a lot of flak not only from Cletus and Carnage but also Venom himself. Once, Woody Harrelson sports a haircut that makes him the spitting image of late Playboy magazine mogul Hugh Hefner. Michele Williams, Reid Scott, and Mrs. Chen participate as much as supporting characters can without stealing the show from the primary characters. If you watch "Venom: Let the Carnage Begin," don't leave your seat when the end credits roll. Alas, you'll miss a pretty substantial foretaste of an impending Venom and Spider-man face-off! 52 out of 265 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 And there was. And he saw that it was... surprisingly watchable TBJCSKCNRRQTreviews15 October 2021 Eddie Brock(Hardy, still delivering on the physical, living up to his namesake(as in "Laurel and"), and loving playing Venom) wants to rebuild his career, so it doesn't take much to convince him to meet with imprisoned serial killer Cletus Kasady(Harrelson, who "Knox" it out the park). Maybe he can help find the remaining missing bodies? Unfortunately, this leads to... Carnage. This is at least as big of a mess as the first one was. It's less ironically fun, because this time it's on purpose. Then again, it is also substantially more enjoyable for that same reason. It's been a long time since I've seen something that had such wild writing. Try to go in knowing as little as possible. You will definitely not guess the places it goes. The comedy is much more successful, with the highlights being Ms Chen(Lu, master of the deadpan. Please give her a spin-off. You don't even have to take her out of her convenience store. Have her just react to bizarre things that happen right in front of her) and Anne(Williams, way more into it this time, which is definitely in part down to the incredible material they give her). It's hard to overstate how hilarious these two are. The action and CG is a lot better. If all you really want out of this is to see these iconic characters in live action, it will deliver on that. If you can roll with how ridiculous it is, as I did, you will be extremely entertained. If you cannot, this is going to exhaust you, and that is the only way that the 88(!) minute running time(if you don't count the end credits, and since those have only one additional scene(which is mindblowing), and it comes soon after they start running, you might as well leave the moment you've seen that one. The cinema staff will be grateful for it) won't fly by, to the point that it'll seem like you just sat down and then the movie ended. In fact, in that case, it will probably feel twice as long as it is, if not more. This features disturbing content, with a lot of implied violence and gore. I recommend this to anyone who thinks it will be their kind of thing. 7/10. 33 out of 61 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 3/10 Fat-Fingered it view_and_review5 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers I was thoroughly disappointed with "Venom: Let There be Carnage". It was such a botched job from the beginning I wonder what was the thought process behind it. The movie begins with a scene from 1996 at an orphanage or some such place. A girl named Frances Barrison was removed from there because her powers had become too dangerous. In short order we find that she has powers similar to Banshee in that her scream is loud enough to cause damage. Her forcible removal from the institution drove her soulmate, Cletus Kasady, mad. We fast-forward to present day and Eddie Brock (Tom Hardy) is single again. Apparently, things didn't work out between him and Anne (Michelle Williams). That part was fine, but what wasn't was the new Chatty Cathy Venom we had to endure. Here is this sinister, brain-eating, alien symbiote that wants to be a comedian ALL THE TIME. It was flat out amazing how much Venom talked, and not in a good way. He doesn't have the voice for comic relief, yet that's what he was attempting to be and he was failing miserably. But Venom's attempts at stand-up paled in comparison to the fat-fingered manner in which they brought about Venom's antagonist Carnage. Present day Cletus Kasady (Woody Harrelson) was a condemned man. And if I could just sidebar for a second: casting sixty-year-old Woody Harrelson as the antagonist in this movie was such a terrible choice. He was supposed to be fifty at the absolute oldest and he looked terrible in the hairpiece and flashy clothing. OK, back to the story. Cletus was such a prolific killer, the governor reversed the moratorium on the death penalty especially for him. Before his execution date, Cletus wanted to get a message to Frances (Naomie Harris) who was serving time in a cell specially made for her and her powers. Cletus promised Eddie a full story if he would print one simple message on the front page of his paper. Eddie agreed because a full story from an infamous serial killer is career-making. When Eddie visited with Cletus Venom was able to gather a few visual clues to help Eddie find all of Cletus's buried victims without a word from Cletus. This propelled Eddie to newspaper stardom and sealed Cletus's fate. In this very elementary way Eddie became Cletus's nemesis. Cletus wanted to see Eddie one last time before his execution to antagonize him for unearthing his secrets. Somehow, through knowledge Cletus divined from thin air, Cletus began ridiculing Eddie on a personal level that would require a fairly intimate knowledge of Eddie's past. This level of ridicule triggered Venom and he attacked Cletus. Cletus then grabbed Eddie's hand and bit him hard enough to draw blood. That blood, now on Cletus's lips, had enough alien matter in it to be the key ingredient for what happened next. When Cletus was pumped full of the lethal injection cocktail it mixed with his small bit of alien essence and created Carnage; an alien symbiote even more powerful than Venom. Carnage then made a grand exit from San Quentin Prison and we now had a CGI battle between two aliens that could not have been more forced. Let me recap: Frances aka Screech separated from Cletus. Cletus becomes a homicidal maniac. Cletus bites Eddie because he's that crazy. Eddie's blood with a small amount of alien matter is now in Cletus. Cletus gets injected with lethal cocktail and becomes Carnage. Venom fights Carnage to the death. This is a story that maybe gets a fifth grader an A, but a high-schooler an F. This is not the sort of shoddy movie-making I expect from Marvel, even if this isn't part of the MCU. 120 out of 193 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Violent fun neil-47618 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers Eddie Brock is secretly hosting alien symbiote Venom. In practice, this means getting his apartment trashed regularly while trying to persuade his roomie to eat live chickens rather than bite peoples heads off. When he interviews serial killer Cletus Cassidy, a smidgen of symbiote combines with Cassidy to create pyscho-super-alien Carnage. And Cassidy's mutant girlfriend adds complications... I came out of the first Venom movie confused by its combination of violence, brutality, superheroics, and humour. This time I knew what to expect, and found myself laughing out loud quite often - much of the dialogue between Eddie and Venom is very funny, and Mrs Chen is an utter hoot. The film progresses along largely predictable lines, with lots of action and effects, mostly very well done (there are aome moments where it looked as if they ran out of time to complete the effects). There is plenty of scope for continuing the (sub)-franchise, especially given Tom Hardy's wholehearted and enthusiastic involvement (co-producer and story material). In fact, everyone looks to be having a ball. And, of course, the mid-credits scene is a real teaser! 23 out of 53 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Venomous Carnage. morrison-dylan-fan8 November 2021 Warning: Spoilers Getting an offer from my phone company for a free Monday movie ticket,I took a look at the listings for the day. In the mood for a snappy viewing, I decided to pick up the second issue of Venom. View on the film: Whilst involved in a number of big budget films over the last 20 years, director Andy Serkis joyfully embraces B-Movie thrills, with Serkis & Shutter Island (2010-also reviewed) cinematographer Robert Richardson unleashing Venom and Carnage in colourful cartoon violence form, of stylish arc shots diving into the red and black Action mash-up set-pieces. Joined by the sweet, playful turns of Michelle Williams, Stephen Graham and The League of Gentlemen's Reece Shearsmith, Tom Hardy gives a hilarious performance as Eddie Brock / Venom, thanks to Hardy playing on his serious image, by hitting every slap-stick set-piece and lovers tiff with a real relish, whilst Woody Harrelson (in a funny naff wig) chews the scenery as the boo-hiss baddie Cletus Kasady / Carnage. Running a lean 97 minutes, the screenplay by Kelly Marcel and Tom Hardy places Brock's romance with Weying to the sidelines, to instead unveil Brock's true romantic partner: Venom. Openly stating in the dialogue that he is out of the closet, the writers cross frantic CBM action with sweet, Gay Rom-Com exchanges of Venom wanting to go public with the relationship that he has with Brock, whilst at the same time delivering absolute carnage. 1 out of 3 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 There Will Be Carnage thesar-23 October 2021 When we got to the climax and it felt like the movie just breezed by, I immediately added another star to my rating. A short super(anti)hero movie? AMAZING! Venom: Let There Be Carnage isn't a great movie and has ALL the clichés of most superhero movies, but it was enjoyable. I found myself laughing a lot at Venom's one-liners and again, I enjoyed how SWIFT this movie was. That was refreshing. Despite some exposition, this is one of those sequels YOU MUST see the first one to understand this universe. And that's too bad. I rated the first one 2/5 stars and didn't care for it much. This is absolutely the better of the two. Eddie Brock & Co. - or the alien symbiote, Venom - are still fighting over superiority when they have a break-up. Simultaneously, the guy who used to bartend at Cheers turns into both a supervillain and Venom's greatest foe. Will Eddie make up with Venom in time to stop the Carnage? Yes, this movie has the age-old Superhero trope I hate so dearly: "I don't wanna be a superhero anymore! I quit!" usually found in the second chapter. Superman II did it, The Dark Knight did it, Iron Man 2 did it, hell, Spider-Man 2 did it, just to name a few of hundreds of examples. I hate it with a passion. So, when it happened here, I tried to remain calm. Mercifully, when Venom's on his own, he does have some fantastic and hilarious scenes. This one gets a pass because we hardly ever get to see the other side of this equation. All we usually get is the whiney non-superhero. That and some of the lazy writing's are probably the most problems of this. Everything else was fine or actually good. No one was terrible and the special effects were 10x better than the original. Recommended. *** Final Thoughts: My friend with me said: We have to wait for the mid-credit scene. The second he told me that, I knew 100% who was showing up. Despite that, listen to my friend. You need to see it. 32 out of 67 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 fun but disappointing FeastMode1 October 2021 I had a good time with this movie. It's fun and pretty funny with some entertaining action. It's also very messy with regards to the story, action and dialogue. The action isn't as good as the first. The story brings no value. And there were some stupid moments. I also can't stand that it's not rated R. I could say that about the first, but it did a great job of pushing the limits while also not having too many moments where it was obvious it would have been better with blood. This movie has SOOO many moments where it could have been amazing if they went all out. It felt so censored. I try to always have no expectations going into a movie. And i knew going in that even though i loved the first one, that doesn't make this one bulletproof. But looking back on it, a movie about carnage could have been so much more. It was underwhelming. Also i wish i got more development from cleetus and carnage. One more thing, tom hardy and andy serkis are awesome. But writing and directing are talents that very few have. I think it shows here and i would have preferred veterans at those crucial positions. I'll caveat this review by saying i couldn't understand a lot of the dialogue, especially from venom. We'll see if that changes anything when i watch it with subs. (1 viewing, 9/30/2021) 94 out of 137 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 There will be blood? ericstevenson9 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers I wasn't expecting that much right before the movie came out. I actually really enjoyed it! This movie features Eddie Brock interviewing Cletus Kassidy and getting him executed. Cletus bites him and gets some substance from Venom's symbiote body and while about to be executed turns into the villain Carnage. I say that Carnage might be my favorite Spider-Man villain if only because he's the most evil. He actually does manage to get some sympathetic traits as he cares about his girlfriend as her powers aren't compatible with Carnage's. That's really an interesting idea for supervillain couples. Carnage doesn't appear until a half hour in and for a superhero (or mostly supervillain) movie, that's kind of short, but I still felt it got in what it needed to be. I admit it was weird seeing how goofy Venom and Eddie were interacting. They still worked, but weren't quite on type. The best part is of course, the scene at the very end. Venom's been teleported to the MCU. *** 21 out of 53 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 This sequel is a loud and frantic mess cricketbat1 October 2021 Much like the protagonist in Venom: Let There Be Carnage, I feel like there were two different screenwriters battling about what this movie should be, and they didn't really communicate with each other. This sequel is a loud and frantic mess, where superpowers can do whatever the plot demands, characters don't care about consistency, and the same jokes are repeated a dozen times. If you liked the first Venom movie, you'll probably like this one. I didn't, so I don't. 284 out of 371 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 6/10 Bad, Fun Though jack_o_hasanov_imdb14 November 2021 The movie was so bad. I didn't like it at all, but frankly I had fun. Tom Hardy suits the role very well. I like the Carnage as character, but I wish it was a tougher and gore movie. The relationship between Edin and Venom were like romantic comedy relationship. I don't like rap and I didn't like the main music of the movie. The after credits scene of the movie was shocking, I didn't expect it at all. Anyway, enjoy the movie, it's not a serious movie, but after the after credits scene, it made me very curious. 0 out of 1 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 9/10 Carnage of fun! UniqueParticle1 October 2021 I absolutely loved this sequel, I wish that it was R rated but still worth it in IMAX and with a cozy blanket. The action and humor are excellent delights throughout. Andy Serkis direction flowed perfectly with large budgeted carnage. Length is just right too has the right scenes needed nothing boring at all or otherwise. I'm impressed Tom Hardy voiced Venom, plays Eddie Brock, has a writing credit, and is a producer that's wild! Hope my thoughts are appreciated either way highly recommend this fun time experience. 43 out of 105 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 7/10 Entertaining but... Thanos_Alfie23 October 2021 "Venom: Let There Be Carnage" is an Action - Sci-Fi movie and the sequel of "Venom", in which we watch Eddie Brock going to interview a serial killer and later finding out that he is a host of another symbiote that helps him escape prison and the upcoming execution. Since I had already watched the first movie I knew what to expect from the second. I enjoyed it because it had a simple but interesting plot, plenty of action scenes that were combined very well with comedy and in general it was entertaining. Its short duration helped it to become interesting and not boring but if it would be rated with R it would be even better. The direction which was made by Andy Serkis was good and he followed the same pattern as in the first movie of "Venom" and his touch was obvious through the whole duration of the movie. The interpretations of Tom Hardy who played as Eddie Brock / Venom, Woody Harrelson who played as Cletus Kasady / Carnage and Naomie Harris who played as Frances Barrison / Shriek were very good. To sum up, I have to say that "Venom: Let There Be Carnage" is not a bad movie but I have to admit that I was a bit disappointed by it. 5 out of 15 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 10/10 Venom is awesome as always with Carnage which is double the mayhem. cruise011 October 2021 5 out of 5 stars. Let There be Carnage is a great superhero film which is better than the first. The story follows Cletus/Carnage (Woody Harrelson) who escapes prison along with Shrieker (Naomi Harris) and causing mayhem. Venom/ Eddie (Tom Hardy) having to stop them before they go after him. The story is what you expect for this film. Continuing with Eddie and Venom being that bickering buddy couple. Sharing the same body. Sharing there perspectives and arguing during the situations. Even at one point they have a fight of trying to attack each other. When chaos is happening with Carnage. Who is menacing. They have to work together to stop it. The action is awesome. Carnage escape in prison is insane. The climatic fight between Carnage and Venom is a non stop thrill ride. The visual effects are amazing. The cast ensemble is perfect. Tom Hardy great as always. Woody Harrelson and Naomi Harris are fantastic. With a shorter run time. The film does waste no time with a fast paced direction. There is a mid credit scene that everyone will have a reaction too for a hint where Venom can go next. 38 out of 127 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink Too much carnage and not enough plot. Top_Dawg_Critic9 November 2021 The humor and dynamics between the buddies was better in this one, and I like that Harrelson was in it, but the story was lacklustre, especially compared to the first one, which actually had a good story. This had too much CGI and carnage, and not enough story to balance it. The entire 'bite' thing seemed like lazy writing and I'm sure a little more creativity would've gone a long way. Still a decent one-time watch. Hardy nails it as always. It's a 7/10 from me. 5 out of 8 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 4/10 The Art of Genetic Movie Engineering Tweetienator4 October 2021 Marvel and DC these days remind me of those big players of the worldwide cheeseburger "distribution network" - the products always taste the same, because the ingredients are always accurately of the same nature and made the same way. Always. The same applies these days to those entertainment companies - you already know what to expect if a new show or movie leaves the factories of those big players of genetic movie engineering. Venom: Let There Be Carnage is not a candidate for the worst movie categories nor a total bore or fail, it is just a part of that endless and constant stream of "entertainment" these factories produce: easy to consume, easy to forget. Long gone are the times when I heard people talking about a new movie or show of those "big" players. Disappointed? No, it's just business as usual. 96 out of 126 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 In my Carnage Truck... Truck Truck Truck. southdavid20 October 2021 I didn't really like the first "Venom" film that much. I found the banter between Brock and his symbiote to be more wearing than entertaining and the conclusion a CGI constructed mess. I liked this sequel a little more, but I wouldn't go as far as saying that I thought it was good. Whilst interviewing serial killer Cletus Kasady (Woody Harrelson), some of Eddie Brock's (Tom Hardy) symbiotic blood is introduced to Kasady's system. This goes on to generate Carnage, a powerful red symbiote charged with the psychosis of its host. Escaping from prison, Carnage tries to rescue Kasady's long term girlfriend Francis Barrison (Naomie Harris) and then find a way to get their revenge on Brock. However, Brock and Venom are not finding life together particularly copacetic. I really wanted to get there this time, to like this one. I like Andy Serkis, I like how committed to playing the character Tom Hardy is, acting as a producer this time and getting his friend Kelly Marcel to return to write the film with him. I liked the cameo roles for British actors, Rosie Marcel, Scroobius Pip and most high profile, Reece Shearsmith, in a role that was a real surprise, as I don't think he's talked about it anywhere. But I just didn't manage it. The bickering between Brock and Venom is rarely (but not never) funny, and again becomes tiresome quite a lot of the time. There's a lot or praise for the tight runtime, but I felt that came at the expense of the story, which is really basic and leads to the under utilisation of several characters - most notably Naomie Harris' Shriek villain, who appears retrofitted into the story to make the conclusion work. I understand the change in Carnage's origins, in order to differentiate the film from the first one, but I didn't like it. The CGI work isn't particularly amazing and the final fight has been done before. The post credits scene was intriguing, but for me, I'm as excited that the character can get into the hands of better storytellers, as for the actual reveal of it. 6 out of 15 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 This is a worthwhile sequel kevin_robbins10 October 2021 Venom: Let there be Carnage (2021) is a movie the wife and I saw last week in theatres. The movie focuses on serial killer Cletus Cassidy and his rough upbringing. When Eddie Brock is chosen to be his reporter, and Cassidy takes a bite of him, the symbiote suit on Brock breaks off and infects Cassidy creating a ruthless killer like never seen before. Can Brock and Venom stay on the same page long enough to bring him down? This movie is directed by Andy Serkis (Heavenly Sword) and stars Tom Hardy (Bronson), Woody Harrelson (Natural Born Killer), Naomi Harris (28 Days Later), Michelle Williams (Blue Valentine) and Stephen Graham (Snatch). The storyline for this is very compelling and is well written from a plot to character standpoint. The dialogue is first rate and hilarious as are the special effects, which are fantastic. The CGI fits the comics to perfection. The action scenes from beginning to end are wondeful; my one complaint, this is the darkest and most violent and gruesome Marvel comic series, and every kill and gore sequence is hidden by random things like cut away scenes or random tornados 🌪 to hide what are gruesome kills in the comic. The dialogue makes up for it but the lack of showing the kills keeps this from being the masterpiece it had the potential to be. This is a worthwhile sequel I would score a 7.5/10. 21 out of 56 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 8/10 Some Extra Umph stevendbeard1 October 2021 Warning: Spoilers I saw "Venom:Let There Be Carnage", starring Tom Hardy-Peaky Blinders_tv, The Revenant; Woody Harrelson-the Zombieland movies, the Hunger Games movies; Michelle Williams-The Greatest Showman, Brokeback Mountain and Naomie Harris-the Bond movies, Miami Vice_2006. This is a sequel to the 2018 Venom movie with some extra umph-It's better than the first one. Venom has a child, Carnage. Tom returns as Eddie Brock, the host for the alien symbiote Venom. Woody plays a serial killer named Cletus Kasady that becomes the host to Venom's off shoot, Carnage, and since Woody is a little on the nuts side, you can imagine how wack_o Carnage can be. Michelle returns as Tom's ex girlfriend that just wants to be friends with Tom-as most girls do-when she decides to marry another guy. Naomie plays Woody's girlfriend that has some attributes herself. There are lots of battles between the two symbiotes that look great. It's directed by Andy Serkis who has some impressive screen credits of his own: He has played villains in the Marvel Universe, Gollum in the lord of the Rings movies and Caesar in the Planet of the Apes movies. Some of the violence is a little gruesome. There is a scene just as the end credits start-nothing at the very end-that connects to another franchise. It's rated "PG-13" for violence, action and language and has a running time of 1 hour & 30 minutes. I enjoyed it and would buy it on DVD. 18 out of 54 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 Venom: Let There Be Carnage JoBloTheMovieCritic4 October 2021 5/10 - god awful editing/pacing and such a weak story that I'm surprised Sony okayed it, Venom: Let There Be Carnage's only highlights are the plethora of aggressive visuals and its supporting cast. 46 out of 72 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink 5/10 An Average Sequel alindsay-al26 October 2021 It's been a busy week but I have finally found the time to watch Venom: Let There Be Carnage and now here is my review for it. The premise of the film sees Eddie Brock and Venom have to figure out their relationship while going against a serial killer and his own symbiote. Main Character Tom Hardy plays Eddie Brock and voices Venom and he does a pretty good job. I just find his performance as Brock entertaining and clearly somebody who is enjoying himself. He doesn't get much character development but I think there is just about enough here to give Hardy props for his role in the film. Venom is actually given more development and it is executed pretty well, I actually felt feeling towards the symbiote. He is also pretty funny and for me the dynamic between Venom and Eddie Brock is probably the highlight of the film. Supporting Characters The first Venom film suffered from not creating interesting supporting characters and it is a shame that this film is the same. Woody Harrelson reprises his role of Cletus Kassidy/Carnage from the post credit scene of the first film and I just never got invested in his character. He just came across as a weirdo and a guy with no character. Harrelson is clearly enjoying himself but the character of Carnage is not given the justification that he deserves here. Naomi Harris plays Shriek and unfortunately, she is even worse. She just has these terrible one liners and her over the top bizarre performance is just too much for me and does nothing for me. The great Stephen Graham plays a police officer and it's not even that he is bad, he is actually alright but his character is dull and there is literally no reason to care and it is a shame that such a talent is wasted here. Michelle Williams is back as Anne from the first film and she is just as boring here, I just don't like the character and I have felt like Williams phones it in and signed a contract that she had to be here as she does very little here. Story The relationship between Eddie and Venom is represented quite well here and I like how we saw more things from Venom's point of view this time around. But it is flawed, the dynamic between Carnage and Venom fails and the dynamic between Brock and Cassidy doesn't work either. The characters don't get enough time to develop and you won't care about anybody apart from Venom and maybe Eddie. Script The script is okay, the humour was something I was worried about in the trailer but I can't deny that it worked for me. I chuckled quite a few times with Venom having some funny one liners. But the drama falls really flat and is so rushed that when it comes to the big showdown I kind of didn't care. Style Both Venom and Carnage both look great and the clash between them is way easier to follow then the action in the first film. But the pacing is all over the place, it starts off at 100 miles an hour and then slows down and ties to focus on way too much. It needed a longer runtime to make the audience care about the characters. Overall Overall, Venom; Let There Be Carnage is an average film that doesn't rise above its predecessor. It is okay and I don't think will bring any new fans but there is a huge post credit scene and that is all that people will be talking about coming out of this film. 7 out of 10 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Permalink An error has occured. Please try again. Load More See also Awards | FAQ | User Ratings | External Reviews | Metacritic Reviews Venom: Let There Be Carnage Opinion Awards FAQ User Reviews User Ratings External Reviews Metacritic Reviews Details Full Cast and Crew Release Dates Official Sites Company Credits Filming & Production Technical Specs Storyline Taglines Plot Summary Synopsis Plot Keywords Parents Guide Did You Know? Trivia Goofs Crazy Credits Quotes Alternate Versions Connections Soundtracks Photo & Video Photo Gallery Trailers and Videos TV TV Schedule Related Items News Showtimes External Sites Explore More Show Less Create a list » User Lists Related lists from IMDb users Kon's Return a list of 30 titles created 1 month ago Cinema 2021 a list of 23 titles created 5 months ago Ciné Year : 2021 a list of 30 titles created 5 months ago Seen in cinema 2021 a list of 31 titles created 5 months ago My Movie List (2021) a list of 35 titles created 8 months ago See all related lists » Share this page: Clear your history Recently Viewed Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App View Full Site Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.