Venom (2005) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0428251/?ref_=tt_sims_tt_i_11
Venom (2005) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Venom 20052005 RR 1h 27m IMDb RATING 4.7/10 10K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,276 21 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:41 1 Video 51 Photos Horror A group of teenagers fear for their lives in the swamps of Louisiana, chased by Mr. Jangles, a man possessed by 13 evil souls, and now relentless in his pursuit of new victims.A group of teenagers fear for their lives in the swamps of Louisiana, chased by Mr. Jangles, a man possessed by 13 evil souls, and now relentless in his pursuit of new victims.A group of teenagers fear for their lives in the swamps of Louisiana, chased by Mr. Jangles, a man possessed by 13 evil souls, and now relentless in his pursuit of new victims. IMDb RATING 4.7/10 10K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 4,276 21 Director Jim Gillespie Writers Flint Dille(screenplay) John Zuur Platten(screenplay) Brandon Boyce(screenplay) Stars Agnes Bruckner Jonathan Jackson Meagan Good Top credits Director Jim Gillespie Writers Flint Dille(screenplay) John Zuur Platten(screenplay) Brandon Boyce(screenplay) Stars Agnes Bruckner Jonathan Jackson Meagan Good See production, box office & company info 113User reviews 87Critic reviews 25Metascore See more at IMDbPro Videos1 Trailer 2:41 Venom (2005) Photos51 Top cast Edit Agnes Bruckner Eden Sinclairas Eden Sinclair Jonathan Jackson Ericas Eric Meagan Good Ceceas Cece Bijou Phillips Tammyas Tammy Laura Ramsey Rachelas Rachel D.J. Cotrona Seanas Sean Rick Cramer Ray Sawyeras Ray Sawyer Method Man Deputy Turneras Deputy Turner Pawel Szajda Rickyas Ricky Davetta Sherwood Pattyas Patty Stacey Travis Lauraas Laura Marcus Lyle Brown Terry Parkeras Terry Parker (as Marcus Brown) James Pickens Jr. Sheriffas Sheriff Deborah Duke Miss Emmieas Miss Emmie Michael James Dukes Paramedicas Paramedic (uncredited) David Michel Officer on crime sceneas Officer on crime scene (uncredited) Director Jim Gillespie Writers Flint Dille(screenplay) (story) John Zuur Platten(screenplay) (story) Brandon Boyce(screenplay) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 5.1 See No Evil 6.3 Venom: Let There Be Carnage 5.8 Venom 5.2 Husk 5.3 Laid to Rest 5.6 Jeepers Creepers 2 Venom 5.5 Wrong Turn 2: Dead End 5.6 Creep 4.7 Frankenfish 5.1 Fritt vilt III 6.7 Venom Storyline Edit SPOILER: Eric and his Yankee teenage mates travel South by motorbike to a swampy backwater town in Louisiana, where Sean's father Ray lived, the local tow truck driver, who abandoned the then baby-boy and his mother. Ray recently died, while trying to rescue a voodoo witch and at her urging her trunk, which got opened and released the poisonous serpents possessed by the souls of truly evil sinners she trapped in them. Ray was bitten and possessed as the car sunk, and shortly after it's dragged out rises as an 'undead' zombie, who murders without provocation and is immune to lethal weapons. He soon finds the teens' trace and proves his indiscriminately evil blood-thirst by charging his only offspring equally lethally. However they were warned by Eden's friend Cece, the witch's granddaughter, who explained the situation in her home and assures them when the zombie attacks it's safe thanks to a 'blessed' spell preventing evil from entering; alas the chain- and crowbar-waving undead finds a way round that: drag them out of it and make it fall apart. After the boys prove too brave and loyal for their own good, only Eden escapes alive, and the battle-site is moved to the tomb where the voodoo evil resides in a sarcophagus for their fight to the (un)death while she sort of learns enough voodoo by trial and error... —KGF Vissers voodoolouisianaundeadswampsnake75 more Plot summary Add synopsis Taglines He Never Hurt A Soul Until The Day He Died. Genre Horror Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong horror violence/gore, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The filmmakers hoped this would be the first film in a long-running franchise. They intended to make Ray Sawyer the next iconic horror villain, like Jason Voorhees. When the film bombed at the box office, plans for future sequels were scrapped. Goofs (at around 52 mins) When Sean is pulled through the window with the chain by Ray Sawyer, the whole window behind him shatters. However, a few moments later inside the house - the window has somehow repaired itself. Quotes Ricky: [Grabs Tammy's bra strap] So tell me, is this synthetic leather? Tammy: We got it at Lacey's in Baton Rouge. Patty: No, *you* go it at Lacey's. I was in Barnes & Noble flipping through Janes. Do not make me a part of your felony. Ricky: You stole it? Tammy: Well, I wasn't gonna buy it! It was too ugly! And I felt bad taking a nice one. I *have* a conscience. Patty: You're still a crook. Tammy: [Pulls her shirt down] Yeah, a crook with a nice rack. [to Ricky] Tammy: Don't you think? Ricky: [Looks at Ray in his truck, watching them] You may not wanna pull those out too often. Crazy credits At the end of the credits we hear the sound of Ray's keys jangling Soundtracks Just The Girl Written by Adam Schlesinger Performed by The Click Five Courtesy of Lava Records/Atlantic Recording Corp. By arrangement with Warner Music Group Film & TV Licensing User reviews113 Review Top review 6/10 Really nothing too horrible. Of course this is no genre classic but once you've seen some more typical slasher flicks of this decade, you have to conclude that this movie is not all too bad in the long run. Nothing too memorable but just good enough to watch it. People tend to call these type of movies new age horror but fact is that these type of movies have been around since the '70's, in which a bunch of hot looking teenagers are all getting killed one-by-one by a maniac/monster. Not much has changed since the '70's, except for its style and look. Storywise this movie is of course very formulaic in every way thinkable. It's actually a very simple written story, in which basically nothing out of the ordinary happens and everything progresses and happens by the book. It's the type of screenplay that makes you go think; Hey! I could have written something like this! The story is perhaps the movie disappointing aspect of the movie, since otherwise this is basically a fine and well made movie. I liked the movie its style. It kept the movie going, even though when nothing was happening in the movie. It makes sure that you never get bored. This is also thanks to the editing by Paul Martin Smith, who is a good editor but hasn't really been given good movies yet to proof his skills to the world. The directing was good and fresh and it seems to me that Jim Gillespie has some talent as a director, even though he hasn't really showed it with his movies yet. Perhaps he needs to stop working with Kevin Williamson, perhaps then he will get some better movie propositions to direct. Ever since "Scream" Kevin Williamson hasn't done a decent thing for the genre anymore but he's still active in the business, probably because he is the guy who wrote "Scream". For this movie he serves as a producer. He also wrote the previous Gillespie directed movie "I Know What You Did Last Summer", which became a success, though probably only because it got released so shortly after the success of "Scream" and the genre was hot and popular again at that time. This is not the type of horror movie that should ever scare you, it's more a movie that entertains with its horror, perhaps of the reason that everything happens in such a predictable way. But Jim Gillespie obviously understands the genre though and knows what is important. So there is some gore and good make-up effects as well as a good 'killer'. You don't really ever start to care about the rest of the characters though, mainly because they remain so superficial and obviously also aren't being played by the most talented actors. The movie brings zombie movies back to its roots; Voodoo. The earliest zombie movies, from the '20's on, always featured voodoo themes, whenever zombies were involved with the main story. Just too bad that the didn't really used much of the voodoo concepts to make this movie a bit more interesting and original to watch. It's enjoyable enough for the fans of the genre and certainly not as bad as everyone tries to make you believe it is. 6/10 http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/ helpful•4 0 Boba_Fett1138 Jun 28, 2008 Details Edit Release date September 16, 2005 (United States) Country of origin United States Official site Miramax (United States) Language English Also known as The Reaper Filming locations Amite, Louisiana, USA Production companies Dimension Films Outerbanks Entertainment Collision Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $881,779 Opening weekend US & Canada $501,000 Sep 18, 2005 Gross worldwide $881,779 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 27 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS Dolby Digital SDDS Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Latin American TV Trends – Broken Down by The Wit at MipCancun Nov 17Variety Film + TV Movistar Plus Unveils Breathtaking Lineup of Spanish Directors for Dystopian Anthology Series ‘Apagón’ Nov 11Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the Japanese language plot outline for Venom (2005)?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.