Venom (2018) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1270797/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=ea4e08e1-c8a3-47b5-ac3a-75026647c16e&pf_rd_r=2G2S0AKMQMRZXAZBBAXM&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=moviemeter&ref_=chtmvm_tt_78
Venom (2018) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Venom 20182018 PG-13PG-13 1h 52m IMDb RATING 6.7/10 428K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 78 18 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:31 32 Videos 99+ Photos ActionAdventureSci-Fi A failed reporter is bonded to an alien entity, one of many symbiotes who have invaded Earth. But the being takes a liking to Earth and decides to protect it.A failed reporter is bonded to an alien entity, one of many symbiotes who have invaded Earth. But the being takes a liking to Earth and decides to protect it.A failed reporter is bonded to an alien entity, one of many symbiotes who have invaded Earth. But the being takes a liking to Earth and decides to protect it. IMDb RATING 6.7/10 428K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 78 18 Director Ruben Fleischer Writers Jeff Pinkner(screenplay by) Scott Rosenberg(screenplay by) Kelly Marcel(screenplay by) Stars Tom Hardy Michelle Williams Riz Ahmed Top credits Director Ruben Fleischer Writers Jeff Pinkner(screenplay by) Scott Rosenberg(screenplay by) Kelly Marcel(screenplay by) Stars Tom Hardy Michelle Williams Riz Ahmed See production, box office & company info 3.8KUser reviews 428Critic reviews 35Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 3 wins & 9 nominations Videos32 Trailer 0:31 Official Trailer Trailer 3:04 Official Trailer #2 Trailer 2:44 Trailer #1 Trailer 1:49 Official Teaser Trailer Clip 3:16 Everything We Know About 'Venom: Let There Be Carnage' Clip 3:37 The Biggest Supervillain Movies and Who's Coming Next Clip 3:37 Will a Venom & Spider-Man Crossover Cause Maximum Carnage? Clip 3:16 IMDbrief: Remembering Stan Lee Clip 0:55 Weekend Box Office: October 12 to 14 Clip 2:29 Meet Carnage: Venom's Next Foe? Clip 0:55 Weekend Box Office: October 5 to 7 Clip 0:43 Repo Men Photos238 Top cast Edit Tom Hardy Eddie Brockas Eddie Brock… Michelle Williams Anne Weyingas Anne Weying Riz Ahmed Carlton Drakeas Carlton Drake… Scott Haze Security Chief Roland Treeceas Security Chief Roland Treece Reid Scott Dr. Dan Lewisas Dr. Dan Lewis Jenny Slate Dr. Dora Skirthas Dr. Dora Skirth Melora Walters Homeless Woman Mariaas Homeless Woman Maria Woody Harrelson Cletus Kasadyas Cletus Kasady Peggy Lu Mrs. Chenas Mrs. Chen Malcolm C. Murray Lewis Donateas Lewis Donate Sope Aluko Dr. Collinsas Dr. Collins Wayne Pére Dr. Emersonas Dr. Emerson (as Wayne Péré) Michelle Lee Malaysia EMTas Malaysia EMT… Kurt Yue Mission Control Translatoras Mission Control Translator Chris O'Hara Astronaut JJ Jameson, IIIas Astronaut JJ Jameson, III Emilio Rivera Lobby Guard Richardas Lobby Guard Richard Amelia Young Allieas Allie Ariadne Joseph Eddie's TV Produceras Eddie's TV Producer Director Ruben Fleischer Writers Jeff Pinkner(screenplay by) (screen story by) Scott Rosenberg(screenplay by) (screen story by) Kelly Marcel(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Tom Hardy Picks Venom's Ideal Meal: Rocket Raccoon Tom Hardy Picks Venom's Ideal Meal: Rocket Raccoon Tom Hardy and his Venom co-stars embrace their inner monsters and reveal which MCU character the Marvel antihero should face off against.See who else is on Venom's menu 1:45 More like this 6.3 Venom: Let There Be Carnage 8.0 Deadpool 7.3 Black Panther 7.7 Deadpool 2 7.9 Thor: Ragnarok 8.0 Guardians of the Galaxy 7.5 Doctor Strange 7.4 Spider-Man: Far from Home 8.4 Avengers: Endgame 6.8 Captain Marvel 7.7 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 8.4 Avengers: Infinity War Storyline Edit After a faulty interview with the Life Foundation ruins his career, former reporter Eddie Brock's life is in pieces. Six months later, he comes across the Life Foundation again, and he comes into contact with an alien symbiote and becomes Venom, a parasitic antihero. anti heromarvel comicssuperheroaliensymbiote579 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Embrace your inner anti-hero. Genres Action Adventure Sci-Fi Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action, and for language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Tom Hardy's son Louis Thomas Hardy is a fan of Venom, and Hardy took the role to please him: "I wanted to do something my son could watch. So I did something where I bite people's heads off." Louis also guided his father on how to appropriately portray Brock/Venom, since Hardy didn't know the character very well. Goofs (at around 3 mins) The scenes with the Malaysian ambulance shows the vehicle driving on the right hand side of the road, and the steering wheel on the left-hand side of the vehicle. Malaysia drives on the left side of the road (like in the UK & Australia), and the steering wheel should be on the right-hand side of the vehicle. Quotes Venom: Eyes, lungs, pancreas. So many snacks, so little time. Crazy credits There is a scene in the closing credits: Eddie Brock goes to visit convicted killer Cletus Kasady in San Quentin Prison who proclaims that once he is released, there will be "carnage". Alternate versions The theatrical release featured an extended clip from Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018) as a post-credits scene. It was not included in the internet version, although it is still included in the film on other home entertainment releases, such as the Blu-ray. Connections Featured in Good Morning Britain: Episode dated 24 April 2018 (2018) Soundtracks No Problem Written by Jmike, Justin Davey, Jim Lavigne, Bruno Mota, Pusha T (as Terrence Thornton) and Vinay Vyas Performed by Pusha T Pusha T appears courtesy of REUPGANG/Decon User reviews3.8K Review Top review 7/10 It's not terrible like critics make it out to be, but it's not great like audiences make it out to be This movie is kind of a mixed bag. There are certain elements of it that I think are creative, but by far it is definitely one of the lesser Marvel films. The only thing I disagree with Martin Scorsese about is that "Marvel movies are like theme park rides" because there are ones like Endgame, Thor Ragnarok (my personal favourite Marvel movie), Civil War, The Avengers, Infinity War and many others that have a far deeper meaning and much more than just entertainment. Overall, Venom is one of those okay movies that doesn't deserve hate, the scenes where the Venom inside Tom Hardy's character is talking to him are pretty hilarious. 73% helpful•50 22 rowanmaillot Jun 12, 2020 FAQ4 What does Mrs. Chen say to Eddie in Mandarin while she's scolding him for not meditating? (21:15 - 21:22) Is this based on the Venom: Lethal Protector comic? Details Edit Release date November 9, 2018 (China) Countries of origin China United States Official sites Official Facebook Official Instagram Languages English Mandarin Malay Also known as 毒液：致命守护者 Filming locations San Francisco, California, USA Production companies Avi Arad Productions Columbia Pictures Marvel Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $100,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $213,515,506 Opening weekend US & Canada $80,255,756 Oct 7, 2018 Gross worldwide $856,085,151 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 52 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Atmos Auro 11.1 Sonics-DDP SDDS Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Venom Becomes Second Movie Of The Year To Pass $200 Million At The Domestic Box Office Nov 15Slash Film ‘No Time to Die,’ ‘Dune’ Drive 90% Revenue Growth for Regal Cinemas Owner Cineworld Nov 15Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.