Vertigo (1958) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052357/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_91
Vertigo (1958) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Vertigo 19581958 PGPG 2h 8m IMDb RATING 8.3/10 385K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,192 183 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:14 2 Videos 99+ Photos MysteryRomanceThriller A former San Francisco police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with the hauntingly beautiful woman he has been hired to trail, who may be deeply dis... Read allA former San Francisco police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with the hauntingly beautiful woman he has been hired to trail, who may be deeply disturbed.A former San Francisco police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with the hauntingly beautiful woman he has been hired to trail, who may be deeply disturbed. IMDb RATING 8.3/10 385K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,192 183 Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Alec Coppel(screenplay by) Samuel A. Taylor(screenplay by) Pierre Boileau(based on the novel "D'Entre Les Morts" by) Stars James Stewart Kim Novak Barbara Bel Geddes Top credits Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Alec Coppel(screenplay by) Samuel A. Taylor(screenplay by) Pierre Boileau(based on the novel "D'Entre Les Morts" by) Stars James Stewart Kim Novak Barbara Bel Geddes See production, box office & company info 976User reviews 197Critic reviews 100Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #91 Nominated for 2 Oscars 8 wins & 7 nominations total Videos2 Trailer 2:14 Vertigo Clip 2:27 A Guide to the Films of Alfred Hitchcock Photos313 Top cast Edit James Stewart John 'Scottie' Fergusonas John 'Scottie' Ferguson Kim Novak Madeleine Elsteras Madeleine Elster… Barbara Bel Geddes Marjorie 'Midge' Woodas Marjorie 'Midge' Wood Tom Helmore Gavin Elsteras Gavin Elster Henry Jones Coroneras Coroner Raymond Bailey Scottie's Doctoras Scottie's Doctor Ellen Corby Manager of McKittrick Hotelas Manager of McKittrick Hotel Konstantin Shayne Pop Leibelas Pop Leibel Lee Patrick Car Owner Mistaken for Madeleineas Car Owner Mistaken for Madeleine David Ahdar Priestas Priest (uncredited) Isabel Analla Undetermined Roleas Undetermined Role (uncredited) Jack Ano Undetermined Roleas Undetermined Role (uncredited) Margaret Bacon Nunas Nun (uncredited) John Benson Salesmanas Salesman (uncredited) Danny Borzage Juroras Juror (uncredited) Margaret Brayton Ransohoff's Salesladyas Ransohoff's Saleslady (uncredited) Paul Bryar Capt. Hansenas Capt. Hansen (uncredited) Boyd Cabeen Diner at Ernie'sas Diner at Ernie's (uncredited) Director Alfred Hitchcock Writers Alec Coppel(screenplay by) Samuel A. Taylor(screenplay by) Pierre Boileau(based on the novel "D'Entre Les Morts" by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 North by Northwest 8.5 Psycho 8.0 Rope 8.2 Dial M for Murder 8.3 Citizen Kane 7.7 The Birds 8.5 Casablanca 8.3 2001: A Space Odyssey 8.4 Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 8.0 Strangers on a Train 8.4 Sunset Blvd. Storyline Edit Following his early retirement as a detective from the San Francisco Police Department, John Ferguson - Scottie to his friends - becomes obsessed with two women in succession, those obsessions which trouble his long time friend and former fiancée, Midge Wood, a designer of women's undergarments. The first is wealthy and elegant platinum blonde Madeleine Elster, the wife of his college acquaintance Gavin Elster, who hires John to follow her in Gavin's belief that she may be a danger to herself in thinking that she has recently been possessed by the spirit of Carlotta Valdes, Madeleine's great-grandmother who she knows nothing about, but who Gavin knows committed suicide in being mentally unbalanced when she was twenty-six, Madeleine's current age. The second is Judy Barton, who John spots on the street one day. Judy is a working class girl, but what makes John obsessed with her is that, despite her working class style and her brunette hair, she is the spitting image of Madeleine, into who he tries to transform Judy. The initial question that John has is if there is some connection between Madeleine and Judy. What happens between John and individually with Madeleine and Judy is affected by the reason John took that early retirement: a recent workplace incident that showed that he is acrophobic which leads to a severe case of vertigo whenever he looks down from tall heights. —Huggo romantic obsessionvertigoacrophobiasan francisco baymental breakdown319 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines A Hitchcock thriller. You should see it from the beginning! Genres Mystery Romance Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) PG Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The opening title sequence designed by Saul Bass makes this the first movie to use computer graphics. Goofs Both times the main characters drive to the old mission, the wide shots show them driving on the right side of the road. However, all shots inside the car show them driving on the left side of the road. This is because the US 101 - where filming took place - near San Juan Bautista is split, with two lanes in each direction, by a grove of Eucalyptus trees. The film shows only one of the road's directions, giving the appearance that Scottie and Madeleine are driving on the wrong side of the road. Quotes Scottie: Don't you think its kind of a waste for the two of us... Madeleine: To wander separately? But, only one is a wanderer; two together are always going somewhere. Crazy credits The opening Paramount logo is in black and white while the rest of the film, including the closing Paramount logo, is in Technicolor. Alternate versions An additional ending was made during post production for some European countries due to certain laws prohibiting a film from letting a "bad guy" get away at the end of a film. In the new ending, after Scottie looks down from the bell tower (the original ending) there is a short scene of Midge in her apartment sitting next to a radio and listening to reports of the police tracking down Gavin Elster hiding out in Europe. As Midge turns off the radio, the news flash also reports that three Berkeley students got caught bringing a cow up the stairs of a campus building. Scottie enters the apartment, looks at Midge plainly, and then looks out a window. Midge makes two drinks and gives one to Scottie. The scene ends with both of them looking out the window without saying a single word to each other. This alternate ending can be found on the restoration laser disc. Connections Edited into Histoire(s) du cinéma: Une histoire seule (1989) Soundtracks Symphony No. 34 in C K. 338, 2nd Movement, Andante di Molto (piu tosto allegretto) (uncredited) Composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Played as 'cue 10B' on a record in the psychiatric ward User reviews976 Review Top review Get Lost in It. Along with "Psycho", Hitchcock's best film that wraps itself around the viewer very fast and never does let go. San Francisco detective Jimmy Stewart is slowly going crazy due to a failed mission which did not work because of his intense fear of heights. This is all front-page news of course and Stewart is shamed about the whole event. But a ray of light shines as he gets a job to watch a man's wife (Kim Novak) who is supposedly having an affair with another man. Stewart believes this is his chance to put the past behind him, but sometimes the future is even darker. Stewart falls in love with Novak and the love turns into a dark and twisted obsession that becomes deeper and deeper as the film progresses. When tragedy strikes, that is the end. Right? Not quite. An amazing screenplay and arguably Hitchcock's greatest directing venture make the film solid and Stewart's stunning performance raises the whole project to a classic level. Somewhat ignored around the awards circuit in 1958, but ages beautifully as the years go by. 5 stars out of 5. helpful•93 65 tfrizzell Jul 6, 2002 FAQ28 Why did Judy help Elster murder his wife? What is 'Vertigo' about? Is 'Vertigo' based on a book? Details Edit Release date May 22, 1958 (United Kingdom) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as 迷魂记 Filming locations Fort Point, Presidio, Golden Gate National Recreation Area, San Francisco, California, USA Production company Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $2,479,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $7,705,225 Opening weekend US & Canada $252,880 Mar 18, 2018 Gross worldwide $7,797,728 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 8 minutes Color Color Related news Enter “Sandman” Nov 10SneakPeek Movie History Has Never Been More Accessible, So Why Do Classic Film Fans Still Feel It’s Threatened? Oct 28Indiewire Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Vertigo (1958) in Spain?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.