WALL·E (2008) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0910970/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_61
WALL·E (2008) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In WALL·E 20082008 GG 1h 38m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,162 24 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:32 4 Videos 99+ Photos AnimationAdventureFamily In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 1.1M YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,162 24 Director Andrew Stanton Writers Andrew Stanton(original story by) Pete Docter(original story by) Jim Reardon(screenplay by) Stars Ben Burtt(voice) Elissa Knight(voice) Jeff Garlin(voice) Top credits Director Andrew Stanton Writers Andrew Stanton(original story by) Pete Docter(original story by) Jim Reardon(screenplay by) Stars Ben Burtt(voice) Elissa Knight(voice) Jeff Garlin(voice) See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 273Critic reviews 95Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #61 Won 1 Oscar 93 wins & 95 nominations total Videos4 Trailer 2:32 Wall E Trailer 2:29 WALLÂ·E Trailer 1:43 Wall-E Promo 1:00 Wall E Photos513 Top cast Edit Ben Burtt WALL·Eas WALL·E (voice) … Elissa Knight EVEas EVE (voice) Jeff Garlin Captainas Captain (voice) Fred Willard Shelby Forthrightas Shelby Forthright (voice) MacInTalk AUTOas AUTO (voice) John Ratzenberger Johnas John (voice) Kathy Najimy Maryas Mary (voice) Sigourney Weaver Ship's Computeras Ship's Computer (voice) Teddy Newton Steward Botsas Steward Bots (voice) Bob Bergen Forthright's Advisoras Forthright's Advisor (voice) John Cygan Axiom Passenger #3as Axiom Passenger #3 (voice) Pete Docter Lifeguard Botas Lifeguard Bot (voice) Paul Eiding Axiom Passenger #12as Axiom Passenger #12 (voice) Donald Fullilove Axiom Passenger #7as Axiom Passenger #7 (voice) (as Don Fullilove) Teresa Ganzel Jess Harnell Axiom Passenger #9as Axiom Passenger #9 (voice) Sherry Lynn Axiom Passenger #5as Axiom Passenger #5 (voice) Mickie McGowan Axiom Passenger #4as Axiom Passenger #4 (voice) Director Andrew Stanton Writers Andrew Stanton(original story by) (screenplay by) Pete Docter(original story by) Jim Reardon(screenplay by) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.2 Up 8.1 Finding Nemo 8.3 Toy Story 8.1 Monsters, Inc. 8.1 Inside Out 8.2 Toy Story 3 8.5 The Lion King 8.4 Coco 8.0 Ratatouille 8.1 How to Train Your Dragon 8.4 Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 8.0 The Incredibles Storyline Edit In a distant, but not so unrealistic, future where mankind has abandoned earth because it has become covered with trash from products sold by the powerful multi-national Buy N Large corporation, WALL-E, a garbage collecting robot has been left to clean up the mess. Mesmerized with trinkets of Earth's history and show tunes, WALL-E is alone on Earth except for a sprightly pet cockroach. One day, EVE, a sleek (and dangerous) reconnaissance robot, is sent to Earth to find proof that life is once again sustainable. WALL-E falls in love with EVE. WALL-E rescues EVE from a dust storm and shows her a living plant he found amongst the rubble. Consistent with her "directive", EVE takes the plant and automatically enters a deactivated state except for a blinking green beacon. WALL-E, doesn't understand what has happened to his new friend, but, true to his love, he protects her from wind, rain, and lightning, even as she is unresponsive. One day a massive ship comes to reclaim EVE, but WALL-E, out of love or loneliness, hitches a ride on the outside of the ship to rescue EVE. The ship arrives back at a large space cruise ship, which is carrying all of the humans who evacuated Earth 700 years earlier. The people of Earth ride around this space resort on hovering chairs which give them a constant feed of TV and video chatting. They drink all of their meals through a straw out of laziness and/or bone loss, and are all so fat that they can barely move. When the auto-pilot computer, acting on hastily-given instructions sent many centuries before, tries to prevent the people of Earth from returning by stealing the plant, WALL-E, EVE, the portly captain, and a band of broken robots stage a mutiny. robotobesityrecycling robotadrift in spacecgi animation207 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines After 700 years of doing what he was built for - he'll discover what he's meant for. Genres Animation Adventure Family Sci-Fi Certificate G Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia The first Pixar film to be nominated for 6 Academy Awards. This ties it with the only other animated film to garner this many nominations: Beauty and the Beast (1991). Goofs While WALL·E is traveling in outer space, the stars in the background are blinking as we would see them do on a starry night. In reality, the apparent blinking is due to the atmosphere between the star and the observer, so in space this phenomenon would not occur. Quotes EVE: Name? WALL.E: WALL-E. EVE: WALL-E? [giggles] EVE: EVE. WALL.E: [attempting to pronounce it] Eeee... EVE: EVE. WALL.E: Eeeee... aah. EVE: "EVE"! "EVE"! WALL.E: Eeeee... va? [EVE giggles] Crazy credits The Pixar logo at the end has the lamp Luxo Jr's light bulb burn out, so WALL-E enters and replaces the light bulb. But as he leaves he accidentally knocks down the "R" in the logo, and he tries to cover it up by posing like an "R". Alternate versions End credits for international versions feature additional credits footage with dubbing information for each language. This footage also contains animation of WALL·E not seen in the English version of the film: WALL·E in 80s CGI graphics style compacts two vertical rows of different objects into cubes of garbage. Eventually, two WALL·A robots collide in the front of the screen, closing the credits. Connections Edited into Burn-E (2008) Soundtracks Put On Your Sunday Clothes Written by Jerry Herman Performed by Michael Crawford (uncredited), Danny Lockin (uncredited), Barbra Streisand (uncredited), Tommy Tune (uncredited), Joyce Ames (uncredited) and the Company (uncredited) Courtesy of Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 Best movie of the century To this day, this is still my favorite pixar film. The animation is stellar, its heartwarming, funny and proves that pixar movies are always bound to be great (except for cars 2 but thats a different story). This has a shot at the title "best movie of the century" helpful•112 17 MR_Heraclius Feb 15, 2020 FAQ26 What is 'WALL·E' about? Is 'WALL-E' based on a book? In what year does the movie take place? Details Edit Release date June 27, 2008 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Disney (United States) Official Facebook Languages English Hindi Also known as 机器人总动员 Filming locations Walt Disney Animation Studios - 2100 Riverside Drive, Burbank, California, USA Production companies FortyFour Studios Pixar Animation Studios Walt Disney Pictures See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $180,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $223,808,164 Opening weekend US & Canada $63,087,526 Jun 29, 2008 Gross worldwide $521,311,890 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 38 minutes Color Color Sound mix DTS SDDS Dolby Digital Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news The Top Five Movies Involving The Cast Of Ghostbusters: Afterlife Nov 14TVovermind.com ‘Finch’ Review: Tom Hanks Pledges to Protect His Dog in Impressively Scaled Sci-Fi Charmer Nov 3Variety Film + TV Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore List The Best Movies and Shows to Watch in November See the full list 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.