Warrior (2011) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1291584/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_177
Warrior (2011) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Warrior 20112011 PG-13PG-13 2h 20m IMDb RATING 8.1/10 452K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,141 74 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:31 4 Videos 99+ Photos ActionDramaSport The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision ... Read allThe youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother.The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother. IMDb RATING 8.1/10 452K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,141 74 Director Gavin O'Connor Writers Gavin O'Connor(screenplay) Anthony Tambakis(screenplay) Cliff Dorfman(screenplay) Stars Tom Hardy Nick Nolte Joel Edgerton Top credits Director Gavin O'Connor Writers Gavin O'Connor(screenplay) Anthony Tambakis(screenplay) Cliff Dorfman(screenplay) Stars Tom Hardy Nick Nolte Joel Edgerton See production, box office & company info 760User reviews 348Critic reviews 71Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #177 Nominated for 1 Oscar 5 wins & 22 nominations total Videos4 Music Video 2:13 The National - "About Today" Trailer 2:31 Warrior Clip 3:58 Sports Heroes to Watch on Prime Video Clip 1:13 Warrior Photos176 Top cast Edit Tom Hardy Tommy Conlonas Tommy Conlon Nick Nolte Paddy Conlonas Paddy Conlon Joel Edgerton Brendan Conlonas Brendan Conlon Jennifer Morrison Tess Conlonas Tess Conlon Frank Grillo Frank Campanaas Frank Campana Kevin Dunn Principal Zitoas Principal Zito Maximiliano Hernández Colt Boydas Colt Boyd (as Maximiliano Hernandez) Bryan Callen Bryan Callenas Bryan Callen Sam Sheridan Sam Sheridanas Sam Sheridan Fernando Chien Fenroyas Fenroy (as Fernando Funan Chien) Jake McLaughlin Mark Bradfordas Mark Bradford Vanessa Martinez Pilar Fernandezas Pilar Fernandez Denzel Whitaker Stephonas Stephon Carlos Miranda Titoas Tito Nick Lehane Nashas Nash Laura Chinn KCas KC (as Laura Kenley) Capri Thomas Emily Conlonas Emily Conlon Lexi Cowan Rosie Conlonas Rosie Conlon Director Gavin O'Connor Writers Gavin O'Connor(screenplay) (story) Anthony Tambakis(screenplay) Cliff Dorfman(screenplay) (story) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.1 Million Dollar Baby 8.1 Rush 8.1 Rocky 8.1 Gran Torino 8.3 Snatch 8.1 Hacksaw Ridge 7.3 Lawless 8.1 Mad Max: Fury Road 8.1 No Country for Old Men 8.1 Ford v Ferrari 8.1 The Sixth Sense 8.4 Warrior Storyline Edit Two brothers face the fight of a lifetime - and the wreckage of their broken family - within the brutal, high-stakes world of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighting in Lionsgate's action/drama, WARRIOR. A former Marine, haunted by a tragic past, Tommy Riordan returns to his hometown of Pittsburgh and enlists his father, a recovered alcoholic and his former coach, to train him for an MMA tournament awarding the biggest purse in the history of the sport. As Tommy blazes a violent path towards the title prize, his brother, Brendan, a former MMA fighter unable to make ends meet as a public school teacher, returns to the amateur ring to provide for his family. Even though years have passed, recriminations and past betrayals keep Brendan bitterly estranged from both Tommy and his father. But when Brendan's unlikely rise as an underdog sets him on a collision course with Tommy, the two brothers must finally confront the forces that tore them apart, all the while waging the most intense, winner-takes-all battle of their lives. —MConnell tournamentfather son relationshipmartial arts tournamentmixed martial artsbrother brother relationship201 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Fight for Country Genres Action Drama Sport Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated PG-13 for sequences of intense mixed martial arts fighting, some language and thematic material Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Joel Edgerton tore his MCL in the cage during production, halting fight scenes for six weeks. Tom Hardy suffered a broken toe, broken ribs, and a broken finger. Goofs Right before the final round in the finale, when Brendan gets up for the round, the camera follows him and the boom mic is seen right behind his head for a few frames (time marker 2:07:34). Quotes [last lines] Brendan Conlon: Tommy, what are you doing? Tom Conlon: Shut Up! Come on Brendan Conlon: Come on? What are you that crazy? Referee Josh Rosenthal: Lets Go To War! Brendan Conlon: What are you doing? It's over Tommy! Tommy You don't have to do this! Don't make me do this Tommy! I don't want to do this! Tom Conlon: Whats the matter? Brendan Conlon: [pinning him] I'm sorry Tommy! I'm sorry... Tap out Tom! It's OK! It's OK! I Love You! I Love You Tommy! Connections Featured in Hollywood's Top Ten: Alive and Kicking (2011) Soundtracks Start a War Written by Matt Berninger (as Matthew Berninger) and Aaron Dessner Performed by The National Courtesy of 4AD Records User reviews760 Review Top review 10/10 A great film Just saw a sneak peek of Warrior. All I can saw is WOW! Great film. Great performances. The characters are deep and believable and the story will probably have you leaving the theater in tears. The fight scenes were done really well. I've been cage side at hundreds of MMA fights as a photographer and believe me when I say this is some of the most realistically portrayed MMA action I've seen to date on film. Tom Hardy, Joel Edgerton, Jennifer Morrison and Nick Nolte all give good performances and I think Nick Nolte had a couple of moments in the film that should be considered Oscar worthy. I know a lot of people won't agree with me on this and I can understand, but Warrior has bumped Rocky out of my top 5 favorite movies of all time. IMHO (which some of you will consider worthless) I think it's that good. helpful•542 119 kell-bailey Sep 4, 2011 FAQ2 What is the song playing during the last scene of the movie? What is the audio book that Paddy Conlon listens to throughout the movie? Details Edit Release date September 9, 2011 (United States) Country of origin United States Official sites Official site Vidio (Indonesia) Languages English Spanish Also known as 勇士 Filming locations Meadows Racetrack & Casino - 210 Racetrack Road, Washington, Pennsylvania, USA Production companies Lionsgate Mimran Schur Pictures Solaris See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $25,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $13,657,115 Opening weekend US & Canada $5,242,107 Sep 11, 2011 Gross worldwide $23,308,615 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 2 hours 20 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Datasat SDDS Dolby Surround 7.1 Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news So Will Tom Hardy Really Be In Spider-Man: No Way Home? Sep 23TVovermind.com Gavin O’Connor Says Warner Bros Regime Change Killed His ‘Suicide Squad’ Movie: “They Wanted A Comedy” Sep 12The Playlist Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Warrior (2011) in Brazil?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.