Welcome to the Rileys (2010) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1183923/?ref_=nm_flmg_prd_107
Welcome to the Rileys (2010) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Welcome to the Rileys 20102010 RR 1h 50m IMDb RATING 7.0/10 24K YOUR RATING Rate Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:27 3 Videos 99+ Photos Drama On a business trip to New Orleans, a damaged man seeks salvation by caring for a wayward young woman.On a business trip to New Orleans, a damaged man seeks salvation by caring for a wayward young woman.On a business trip to New Orleans, a damaged man seeks salvation by caring for a wayward young woman. IMDb RATING 7.0/10 24K YOUR RATING Rate Director Jake Scott Writer Ken Hixon Stars James Gandolfini Kristen Stewart Melissa Leo Top credits Director Jake Scott Writer Ken Hixon Stars James Gandolfini Kristen Stewart Melissa Leo See production, box office & company info 62User reviews 115Critic reviews 50Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 3 nominations Videos3 Trailer 2:27 Welcome to the Rileys Clip 2:00 "Mallory and Lois Talk Over Dinner" Clip 1:12 "Doug Scolds Mallory" Photos108 Top cast Edit James Gandolfini Doug Rileyas Doug Riley Kristen Stewart Malloryas Mallory Melissa Leo Lois Rileyas Lois Riley David Jensen Edas Ed Joe Chrest Jerryas Jerry Ally Sheedy Harrietas Harriet Tiffany Coty Taraas Tara Eisa Davis Vivianas Vivian Lance E. Nichols Hamilton 'Ham' Watkinsas Hamilton 'Ham' Watkins Peggy Walton-Walker Brendaas Brenda (as Peggy Walton Walker) Sharon Landry Sharonas Sharon Kathy Lamkin Charleneas Charlene Kerry Cahill Waitressas Waitress Ken Hixon Dannyas Danny Elliott Grey Randyas Randy Greg DiLeo Ernieas Ernie Deneen Tyler Parking Officeras Parking Officer Lara Grice Sales Clerkas Sales Clerk Director Jake Scott Writer Ken Hixon All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.3 The Cake Eaters 6.7 The Yellow Handkerchief 6.5 Once and Forever 6.9 Camp X-Ray 6.5 The Runaways 6.7 Marcus Foster: I Was Broken 6.1 Anesthesia 6.7 Chanel: Gabrielle 7.2 Speak 6.4 In the Land of Women 6.7 Clouds of Sils Maria 7.4 Cutlass Storyline Edit Something's wrong at the Rileys. Married nearly 30 years, Doug and Lois rarely talk. She doesn't leave their Indianapolis home, and she's ordered a gravestone with their names and birth years on it. He has a long-time Thursday night mistress whom he invites to go with him to a plumbing supply conference in New Orleans. Once there, Doug calls Lois to say he's staying for a while. What's he leaving behind and what's he looking for in New Orleans? And Lois, can she break out? —<jhailey@hotmail.com> girl wears pantiescrying manman refuses sexstripperprostitute96 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines You never know who's going to be your wake-up call Genre Drama Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sexual content, brief drug use and pervasive language involving a teenager Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Director Jake Scott revealed that Kristen Stewart and James Gandolfini improvised a lot of their dialogue, especially Stewart, claiming it was frustrating for the film's writers. Scott said it was always a surprise with Stewart because she would never warn anyone of what she was going to say. Goofs Doug sees Mallory sleeping and spreads a sheet over her upto her chest. In the next scene, sheet is upto her knees. Quotes Mallory: I'm nobody's little girl! It's too late for that shit. Connections Featured in The Rotten Tomatoes Show: Inception/Predators/The Sorcerer's Apprentice (2010) Soundtracks The Honeydripper Written by Joseph C. Liggins Performed by Dr. John Courtesy of Clean Cuts Inc. Under license from Microhits, Inc. User reviews62 Review Top review 7/10 Not Dead Yet Greetings again from the darkness. Reading the synopsis on this one could lead you to believe you've seen the same thing 40 other times - an indie flick where a nice guy rescues the teenage runaway who has fallen into a life of stripping/prostitution. This assumption would be incorrect. What sets this one apart is the script from writer Ken Hixon and the acting trio of James Gandolfini, Kristen Stewart and Melissa Leo. Two of those names may surprise you. Gandolfini is of course best known from his run on The Sopranos. What many don't realize is that he was a fine character actor prior to that iconic role. And many more know Kristen Stewart only as Bella from the Twilight franchise. In fact, she was a scene stealer prior to that in Panic Room and again in Into the Wild. Melissa Leo has experienced a career boon since her Oscar nomination for Frozen River. This year, she can also be seen in Conviction and The Fighter. Hixon's script is unusual because it has the feel of how these people would actually interact. Gandolfini owns a plumbing supply business and leading, as they say, a life of quiet desperation. His wife (Leo) has been a virtual recluse since their teenage daughter died. Their marriage basically died that night as well, though they keep going through the motions that 30 years together brings. While attending a convention in New Orleans, Gandolfini stumbles into a strip joint and falls right into the life of Stewart. The obvious thought is that he sees this as his opportunity to rescue her from this awful life and be the father he never got to be his own daughter. But there is more. He really comes across as a guy just searching for meaning in life ... his own life. He doesn't pretend to have the answers, but is not content to sit around and wait to die. His bizarre actions motivate his wife to actually leave the house and join him in New Orleans. Her reaction to what she finds is, once again, very real and un-Hollywood. No need for me to give away any details or plot points. Watching these three together is refreshing for this avid movie goer. The stereotypes are minimal. The dialogue is sparse, but authentic ... just like the setting. Searching for meaning can be a painful process and it's not always obvious when one has succeeded. The director of the film is avid music video director Jake Scott, who also happens to be the son of Ridley and nephew of Tony. Jake shows none of the over the top tendencies of his more famous relatives. In fact, the level of understatedness is a joy to behold. helpful•74 8 ferguson-6 Nov 27, 2010 Details Edit Release date November 18, 2011 (United Kingdom) Countries of origin United Kingdom United States Official sites Official site (France) Official site (United States) Language English Also known as 等愛的城市 Filming locations New Orleans, Louisiana, USA Production companies Samuel Goldwyn Films Destination Films Scott Free Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Gross US & Canada $158,898 Opening weekend US & Canada $42,145 Oct 31, 2010 Gross worldwide $361,960 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 50 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 1.85 : 1 Related news Return to 'Oasis Knebworth 1996' - Music History Doc Official Trailer Aug 10firstshowing.net Trailer lands for documentary ‘Kipchoge: The Last Milestone’ Jun 25HeyUGuys.co.uk Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap By what name was Welcome to the Rileys (2010) officially released in Canada in English?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.