Whiplash (2014) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2582802/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_43
Whiplash (2014) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Whiplash 20142014 RR 1h 46m IMDb RATING 8.5/10 772K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 357 54 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer2:09 9 Videos 99+ Photos DramaMusic A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential. IMDb RATING 8.5/10 772K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 357 54 Director Damien Chazelle Writer Damien Chazelle Stars Miles Teller J.K. Simmons Melissa Benoist Top credits Director Damien Chazelle Writer Damien Chazelle Stars Miles Teller J.K. Simmons Melissa Benoist See production, box office & company info 1.4KUser reviews 591Critic reviews 88Metascore See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #43 Won 3 Oscars 98 wins & 145 nominations total Videos9 Trailer 2:09 Trailer #2 Clip 3:46 Jason Blum: A Brief History of Blumhouse Clip 1:58 A Guide to the Films of Damien Chazelle Clip 10:10 The First Ten Minutes Clip 1:00 Clip Clip 0:52 Clip Clip 1:37 Clip Clip 1:42 "So You Do Know the Difference" Video 1:30 Sundance Film Festival Watchlist Photos225 Top cast Edit Miles Teller Andrewas Andrew J.K. Simmons Fletcheras Fletcher Melissa Benoist Nicoleas Nicole Paul Reiser Jim Neimannas Jim Neimann Austin Stowell Ryanas Ryan Nate Lang Carl Tanneras Carl Tanner Chris Mulkey Uncle Frankas Uncle Frank Damon Gupton Mr. Krameras Mr. Kramer Suanne Spoke Aunt Emmaas Aunt Emma Max Kasch Dorm Neighboras Dorm Neighbor Charlie Ian Dustinas Dustin Jayson Blair Travisas Travis Kofi Siriboe Bassist (Nassau)as Bassist (Nassau) Kavita Patil Assistant - Sophieas Assistant - Sophie C.J. Vana Metzas Metz Tarik Lowe Pianist (Studio Band)as Pianist (Studio Band) Tyler Kimball Saxophonist #2 (Studio Band)as Saxophonist #2 (Studio Band) Rogelio Douglas Jr. Trumpeter #1 (Studio Band)as Trumpeter #1 (Studio Band) Director Damien Chazelle Writer Damien Chazelle All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.5 The Prestige 8.4 Memento 8.5 Intouchables 8.5 The Departed 8.5 The Pianist 8.5 American History X 8.6 Se7en 8.4 Django Unchained 8.5 Léon 8.9 Pulp Fiction 8.3 Inglourious Basterds 8.5 The Usual Suspects Storyline Edit Nineteen year old Andrew Niemann wants to be the greatest jazz drummer in the world, in a league with Buddy Rich. This goal is despite not coming from a pedigree of greatest, musical or otherwise, with Jim, his high school teacher father, being a failed writer. Andrew is starting his first year at Shaffer Conservatory of Music, the best music school in the United States. At Shaffer, being the best means being accepted to study under Terence Fletcher and being asked to play in his studio band, which represents the school at jazz competitions. Based on their less than positive first meeting, Andrew is surprised that Fletcher asks him to join the band, albeit in the alternate drummer position which he is more than happy to do initially. Andrew quickly learns that Fletcher operates on fear and intimidation, never settling for what he considers less than the best each and every time. Being the best in Fletcher's mind does not only entail playing well, but knowing that you're playing well and if not what you're doing wrong. His modus operandi creates an atmosphere of fear and of every man or woman for him/herself within the band. Regardless, Andrew works hard to be the best. He has to figure out his life priorities and what he is willing to sacrifice to be the best. The other question becomes how much emotional abuse he will endure by Fletcher to reach that greatness, which he may believe he can only achieve with the avenues opened up by Fletcher. —Huggo drummermusic schoolnew york cityconservatorydrum solo53 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The road to greatness can take you to the edge Genres Drama Music Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong language including some sexual references Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During the more intense practice scenes, the director wouldn't yell, "cut!" so that Miles Teller would keep drumming until he exhausted himself. Goofs When Fletcher throws the chair at Neiman, the guitarist is behind Neiman in the first shot then missing in the second, probably removed to avoid being hit by the chair. Quotes Terence Fletcher: There are no two words in the English language more harmful than "good job". Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Tyler Perry/Miles Teller/Lucinda Williams (2014) Soundtracks Overture Written by Justin Hurwitz Courtesy of 5AM Music, Ltd. User reviews1.4K Review Top review 10/10 An important hardened lesson in resilience and when to stop measuring up to your mentor. Whiplash is a captivating study of ambition. Taking the festival circuit by storm since its Sundance premiere in January, Whiplash is starting to feel like the underdog that could go far with its crowd-pleasing intensity. On the surface, it's a gritty story about a brutal student-mentor relationship that oversteps boundaries. Underneath, it's a piercing examination of the psyche of unbridled ambition. Whiplash is a film that stops at nothing. As a result, it's the best film I've seen in years, and I say that without hesitation. This is a film that resonates on every single level and every moment counts. If writer/director Damien Chazelle was striving for greatness as much as his protagonist, then he has achieved it. Miles Teller, who's been steadily growing on me since The Spectacular Now, stars as Andrew Neyman, a 19-year-old aspiring jazz drummer who's pushed and inspired by the abuse and aspirations of his school band leader Fletcher, played by the ferocious J.K. Simmons like we've never seen him before. Chazelle has described the film as an origin story to the jazz musicians of the golden age, and it thrives on the myths of jazz heroes such as Charlie Parker. They're urgently looking for the next Parker, in search of perfection. But with that comes a great irony. The music genre is known as one for freedom of expression but here the jazz is soulless and mechanical, and that clouds the ethical judgment of the characters. Even so, Fletcher is a man who can tell if you have the right tempo within a bar. Although most of the audience for the film may not know much about music including myself, you get a feel for what he's looking for and when someone's wrong even if you don't know why. Simmons is as good as they say he is. He's a force of nature, with a terrifying presence that incites the fear Bryan Cranston achieved with the peak of his Walter White. But it's not a one-note performance. Simmons is still subversive with moments of weakness, insecurity, approachability, and he also sometimes brings in the lightness he's known for in other roles with Jason Reitman, exec producer here. Even though he's an unlikeable character with nothing nice to say, he's still somewhat endearing and enigmatic, much like R. Lee Ermey's drill sergeant in Full Metal Jacket. This demasculinisation through a barrage of insults is a theme explored in Whiplash and it argues whether it's a crime or an 'ends justifying the means' factor of life. It's not just a music film, but also one that adapts to the elements of sports training, war at boot camp and biopic genres with the way it frames its elements. Fletcher is representative of the devil on our shoulders that yells at us that we're not good enough and that symbolic idea resonates deeply for me. His poisonous words are more a part of Andrew's psyche than legitimate coaching techniques. What grabs me about the film is its discussion on artistic perfection, and especially in these intimate and rough sequences of practicing. What is objectively great in art? When is it good enough, and why? It toes a fascinating line. That's why drumming is such an interesting choice for the film to explore because it's so instinctive. Drummers have to make decisions within a fraction of a second and talent can only take you so far. The roaring beat in Whiplash puts your heart in your throat. Teller's performance as Andrew is terrific, one to match Simmons. Chazelle is committed on expressing the physicality of drumming and Teller captures it exhaustively without feeling contrived. It's the virtuosity of the writing that allows us into Andrew's head however. It's a long road to the top, but the script makes the right decision to allow him to revel in the little moments of success, but then to immediately test him in surprising and involving ways. Each turn of the story shapes his expectations and ambitions and then escalates it to the right point. While the film is a gripping experience nonetheless, in retrospect perhaps it is too bitingly cynical. It does suggest that you have to be deprived of a meaningful relationship to achieve your goals. It does appear to be very anti-positive reinforcement, but perhaps it's merely a statement on the abundant sheltering that the latest generation is enduring. Whiplash is refreshing to see, we all know we wouldn't be resilient enough to take that kind of punishment so it's cathartic to watch Andrew go through it all and see how far he'll go. His frustration, regrets, fear and rage with himself cuts to the core of the human condition as he's pushed further and further. The technical aspects of the film help it become so stimulating with dizzying closeups tightly edited together and its the stark orange tinted cinematography. It's thoroughly impressive that the film was shot in only 19 days for them to get shots so immaculately timed and performed with all those complicated movements. There's a refreshing brevity to the film with its sharp atmosphere, but it's so rich in emotion, psychological tension and personal subtext. It neither rushes nor drags, on paper nor on screen. It really is a film that lingers in your mind for days, nagging you, like Fletcher over your shoulder. Maybe it'll continue to linger for weeks. I hope so too, especially for Oscar voters. It seems that J.K. Simmons is building momentum to be a lock for Best Supporting Actor at this point. However, Whiplash isn't just a best of year film, nor best of decade. It approaches best of all-time worthy with its identifiable themes of meticulous work ethics, fulfilling aspirations, resilience of the soul, and knowing when to no longer measure yourself to your mentor. I'll take this film with me for a while as a screaming motivator. 10/10. Best film of the decade. Read more @ The Awards Circuit (http://www.awardscircuit.com/) helpful•474 151 Sergeant_Tibbs Oct 23, 2014 FAQ2 What's the meaning of "Milk the cunt"? What happened to Tanner's folder? Details Edit Release date October 15, 2014 (Philippines) Country of origin United States Official sites Official site Official site (France) Language English Also known as 爆裂鼓手 Filming locations Santa Clarita, California, USA Production companies Bold Films Blumhouse Productions Right of Way Films See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,300,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $13,092,000 Opening weekend US & Canada $135,388 Oct 12, 2014 Gross worldwide $49,396,747 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 46 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital SDDS Datasat Dolby Atmos Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Chris Mulkey To Star In Western ‘The Redeemer’; Jackie Long Joins Action Comedy ‘High Heat’ Nov 16Deadline Film + TV ‘Coda’ writer/director Sian Heder on scripting in American sign language, ‘the most cinematic language in existence’ [Exclusive Video Interview] Nov 16Gold Derby Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Whiplash (2014) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.