Wild Things (1998) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120890?ref_=rlm
Wild Things (1998) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Wild Things 19981998 RR 1h 48m IMDb RATING 6.5/10 115K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,470 76 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer0:33 1 Video 99+ Photos CrimeDramaMystery A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students.A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students.A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students. IMDb RATING 6.5/10 115K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,470 76 Director John McNaughton Writer Stephen Peters Stars Kevin Bacon Neve Campbell Matt Dillon Top credits Director John McNaughton Writer Stephen Peters Stars Kevin Bacon Neve Campbell Matt Dillon See production, box office & company info 433User reviews 76Critic reviews 52Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 2 wins & 4 nominations Videos1 Trailer 0:33 Wild Things Photos144 Top cast Edit Kevin Bacon Ray Duquetteas Ray Duquette Neve Campbell Suzie Tolleras Suzie Toller Matt Dillon Sam Lombardoas Sam Lombardo Denise Richards Kelly Van Ryanas Kelly Van Ryan Theresa Russell Sandra Van Ryanas Sandra Van Ryan Daphne Rubin-Vega Gloria Perezas Gloria Perez Robert Wagner Tom Baxteras Tom Baxter Bill Murray Ken Bowdenas Ken Bowden Carrie Snodgress Rubyas Ruby Jeff Perry Bryce Hunteras Bryce Hunter Cory Pendergast Jimmy Leachas Jimmy Leach Marc Macaulay Walteras Walter Toi Svane Stepp Nicoleas Nicole (as Toi Svane) Dennis Neal Art Maddoxas Art Maddox Diane Adams School Secretaryas School Secretary Paulo Benedeti Kirkas Kirk Eduardo Yáñez Frankie Condoas Frankie Condo (as Eduardo Yañez) Jennifer Taylor Barbara Baxteras Barbara Baxter (as Jennifer Bini) Director John McNaughton Writer Stephen Peters All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 6.8 Cruel Intentions 4.5 Wild Things 2 6.2 Fear 4.5 Wild Things: Diamonds in the Rough 4.5 Wild Things: Foursome 6.7 The Hand That Rocks the Cradle 6.1 Disclosure 6.4 Single White Female 7.0 Basic Instinct 7.4 Wild Things 6.4 The Craft 6.0 Indecent Proposal Storyline Edit Having recently been named educator of the year, Sam Lombardo is the well-liked guidance counselor and sailing instructor at Blue Bay High School on the Florida coast just outside Miami. The student body of the school is largely comprised of the offspring of the country club set, and while he helps any student he can, he especially tries to mentor those who are disadvantaged, such as Jimmy Leach who would not have been able to afford being in the sailing program otherwise, and tough Suzie Toller, a proverbial swamp girl who he's helped through a few scrapes with the law in the absence of any parents, Suzie living with her streetwise grandmother Ruby at an alligator sideshow zoo. Although not socioeconomically part of that country club set himself, he nonetheless has ingratiated himself within it, he having slept with a good number of the country club maidens, he currently settled into a relationship with Barbara Baxter, the well-off daughter of high powered lawyer Tom Baxter. Sam's world comes crashing down around him when student Kelly Van Ryan, who has made it quite clear to her classmates she is sexually attracted to him and who is the daughter of one of his former bed mates, sexually provocative widow and socially powerful Sandra Van Ryan, accuses him of raping her. Already in trouble in that no one can fight and win against the Van Ryans in Blue Bay, Sam, whose career is ruined regardless of his guilt or innocence in never being able to recover from such accusations, gets into even more problems when Suzie quickly thereafter comes forward also accusing him of previously raping her, her story similar to Kelly's. The likelihood of Kelly and Suzie colluding together to manufacture similar stories is remote as it is well known that they have always detested each other. Having now become persona non grata among that country club set, Sam is forced to hire sleazy storefront lawyer Ken Bowden to defend him. Blue Bay Police Detective Ray Duquette of the Sex Crimes Division, he investigating with his partner Gloria Perez, goes against her advice and that of DA Bryce Hunter by delving into sensitive areas in believing that not all associated with the case are as they appear on the surface. —Huggo erotic thrillerlesbian sextaboo sexsex with a studentlesbian kiss359 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Get Wild. Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong sexuality, nudity, language and some violence Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Before the filming of an outdoor scene by the river, a gaffer was fixing the lights and noticed something floating by in the river. It was a dead body. The police were called and when they arrived, they anchored it to the dock, out of sight of the camera. They removed it after the scene was shot. Goofs Sam writes the words "Sex Crimes" on the chalkboard, but the next shot has it written in smaller letters. The number of underlines also changes. Actually there are four different layouts of this text between cuts. Quotes Detective Ray Duquette: People aren't always what they appear to be. Don't forget that. Crazy credits Interspersed with the credits are additional scenes that explain some of the plot twists. Alternate versions The Indian theatrical version was cut by the CBFC to achieve an 'A' (restricted to adults) rating in Mumbai. They made cuts to the visual of bare breasts during a love making scene, the visuals of Lombardo touching the girls' breast kneeling before her and lifting her skirt, removing her panting, sucking her breast, pouting her panting, her breasts, the love making of the three persons in bed, and the visuals of Kelly getting out of the swimming pool with the camera focusing on her body. Cuts were made to some lines in dialogues. "Fucking me in the ass", "motherfucker", "nail his balls", "fucking little ass", "stupid c*nt" and "cocksucker". The uncut version of the film was later re-classified 'U/A' (parental guidance) by the CBFC in Bangalore in 2013. Connections Edited into Prison Break: Disconnect (2006) Soundtracks Salsa Caliente Written by Tito Puente Performed by Tito Puente Courtesy of Concord Records User reviews433 Review Top review 9/10 Well-Executed, Well Acted, Interesting Story Based on the trailers, I expected this to be a low-budget, B-movie that showed off the anatomies of pretty girls - not that that is entirely bad - but I do expect more from a movie. In actuality, this is a very, very good plot that is executed well by the principal actors. Neve Campbell, Denise Richards (surprisingly), and especially Matt Dillion turn in very good performances. I always enjoy Bill Murray and his part in this movie, although fairly small, adds some levity. I can't comment too much on this movie without spoiling it, except to say that things aren't always what they expect to be. There are a lot of plot twists, some that probably couldn't stand tremendous scrutiny, but are realistic enough to keep the audience engaged. The other technical aspects of the movie - direction and cinematography - are done very well, too. That is, they are unobtrusive. This really is a thoroughly entertaining film, and while it does contain one rather steamy scene, is not a cheap sex film, but a well-thought out, well-executed story. I highly recommend it. helpful•66 10 chron Jan 16, 2005 FAQ2 What is Wild Things about? What are the differences between the Theatrical Version and the Unrated Version? Details Edit Release date March 20, 1998 (United States) Country of origin United States Language English Also known as 玩尽杀绝 Filming locations Bill Baggs Cape Florida State Park - 1200 S. Crandon Boulevard, Key Biscayne, Florida, USA Production company Mandalay Entertainment See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $20,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $30,147,739 Opening weekend US & Canada $9,622,444 Mar 22, 1998 Gross worldwide $30,166,293 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 48 minutes Sound mix Dolby SDDS DTS Aspect ratio 2.40 : 1 Related news Neve Campbell Joins The Lincoln Lawyer Series at Netflix Feb 1TVfanatic Aussie titles dominate the box office as ‘High Ground’, ‘Occupation: Rainfall’ debut Feb 1IF.com.au Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery Photos Child Stars, Then and Now See the entire gallery Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.