Wind River (2017) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5362988?ref_=rlm
Wind River (2017) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Wind River 20172017 RR 1h 47m IMDb RATING 7.7/10 228K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 239 164 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer1:54 22 Videos 99+ Photos CrimeDramaMystery A veteran hunter helps an FBI agent investigate the murder of a young woman on a Wyoming Native American reservation.A veteran hunter helps an FBI agent investigate the murder of a young woman on a Wyoming Native American reservation.A veteran hunter helps an FBI agent investigate the murder of a young woman on a Wyoming Native American reservation. IMDb RATING 7.7/10 228K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 239 164 Director Taylor Sheridan Writer Taylor Sheridan Stars Elizabeth Olsen Jeremy Renner Graham Greene Top credits Director Taylor Sheridan Writer Taylor Sheridan Stars Elizabeth Olsen Jeremy Renner Graham Greene See production, box office & company info 726User reviews 388Critic reviews 73Metascore See more at IMDbPro Awards 15 wins & 26 nominations Videos22 Trailer 1:54 Official Trailer Trailer 1:48 Wind River Trailer 2:23 Wind River Trailer 2:22 Official Trailer Clip 0:33 No Logo Clip 1:13 Clip Clip 1:19 Clip Clip 1:10 Clip Clip 1:14 Clip Interview 7:34 Interview Interview 4:16 Interview Interview 2:14 Interview Photos167 Top cast Edit Elizabeth Olsen Jane Banneras Jane Banner Jeremy Renner Cory Lambertas Cory Lambert Graham Greene Benas Ben Kelsey Asbille Natalieas Natalie Julia Jones Wilmaas Wilma Teo Briones Caseyas Casey Apesanahkwat Dan Crowheartas Dan Crowheart Tantoo Cardinal Alice Crowheartas Alice Crowheart Eric Lange Dr. Whitehurstas Dr. Whitehurst Gil Birmingham Martinas Martin Althea Sam Annieas Annie Tokala Black Elk Sam Littlefeatheras Sam Littlefeather (as Tokala Clifford) Martin Sensmeier Chipas Chip Tyler Laracca Frankas Frank Shayne J. Cullen BIA Officer #1as BIA Officer #1 (as Shayne Joel Cullen) Dallin Tusieseina BIA Officer #2as BIA Officer #2 Austin R. Grant Carlas Carl (as Austin Grant) Ian Bohen Evanas Evan Director Taylor Sheridan Writer Taylor Sheridan All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro Elizabeth Olsen Through the Years Elizabeth Olsen Through the Years Take a look back at Elizabeth Olsen's movie and TV career in photos.See more photos More like this 7.6 Hell or High Water 7.6 Sicario 7.1 Sicario: Day of the Soldado 7.5 The Town 7.4 Sorry for Your Loss 7.7 The Last Cowboy 7.3 The Accountant 7.9 Mystic River 6.9 Martha Marcy May Marlene 5.0 Vile 7.2 Hostiles 7.8 Drive Storyline Edit East of Boulder Flats, deep into the vast and unforgiving white territory of the Wind River Indian Reservation, the seasoned game tracker, Cory Lambert, discovers the frozen body of the young Native American, Natalie. As this is a federal crime, the F.B.I. dispatches the inexperienced but courageous agent Jane Banner to lead the investigation, however, the unprepared outsider will soon team up with Cory to unravel the mystery of Natalie's murder. Before long, Cory will inevitably have to face his own past, while at the same time, both he and Jane are thirsting to see justice done. In the end, will this be a fruitful alliance? —Nick Riganas investigationneo westernnative american reservationmurderneo noir443 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines Nothing is harder to track than the truth. Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Motion Picture Rating (MPAA) Rated R for strong violence, a rape, disturbing images, and language Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia During the course of the shoot, writer-director Taylor Sheridan was visited on set by some Shoshone tribal leaders who astonished him with the revelation that, at that very time, there were 12 unsolved murders of young women on a reservation of about 6,000 people. Due to a 1978 landmark government ruling (Oliphant v. Suquamish), the Supreme Court stripped tribes of the right to arrest and prosecute non-natives who commit crimes on native land. If neither victim nor perpetrator are native, a county or state officer must make the arrest. If the perpetrator is non-native and the victim an enrolled member, only a federally-certified agent has that right. If the opposite is true, a tribal officer can make the arrest, but the case must still go to federal court. This quagmire creates a jurisdictional nightmare by choking up the legal process on reservations to such a degree, many criminals go unpunished indefinitely for serious crimes. Goofs It's not possible to freeze the lungs by running, even in extreme cold. Air gets heated by the nose and throat before it reaches the lungs, and the lungs themselves are continually heated by the circulating blood. You'd die from hypothermia long before the lungs could freeze. Quotes Chip: Man, I get so mad. I wanna fight the whole world. You got any idea what that feels like? Cory Lambert: I do. But I decided to fight the feeling instead, 'cause I figured the world would win. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Jeremy Renner/Bridget Everett/French Montana feat. Swae Lee (2017) Soundtracks See You in Hell Written by Joey Stylez (as Joseph Laplante) Performed by Joey Stylez User reviews726 Review Top review 9/10 So Truthful Although very, very small errors crept in this story it is very true. As someone who lived right off the Wind River Reservation and whose husband worked for the Northern Arapaho tribe (one of three non-native employees) I can say that without a doubt this is what happens too many times on the res there. The natives often live in deplorable conditions but it's not all the other guy's fault either. However, the treatment of women and the disappearance of women, and yes men too, is horrific. There is often no closure. Things are so confusing and convoluted and corrupt that it's no surprise these things happen. We've since moved away but some of the experiences and events will never be gone. I wish that the people there, on and off the res, can find some resolution to the atrocities. It's a beautiful area and everyone should visit the Wind River mountains. It's on most people's way to the Grand Tetons and Yellowstone. Stop at Brooks lake and see the beginning of the Wind River. And the rest of the beauty there. Just don't go up on the res unless you're with a local. helpful•42 8 ruthillia Apr 6, 2018 FAQ1 Is this based on a real story ? In the beginning of the movies it states that the movie is based on real events but in the end credits it shows it's fictuous. What is it now please ? Details Edit Release date August 18, 2017 (United States) Countries of origin United Kingdom Canada United States France Official sites Official Facebook Official site (Japan) Language English Also known as Vùng Đất Tử Thần Filming locations Wind River Indian Reservation, Wyoming, USA Production companies Acacia Filmed Entertainment Savvy Media Holdings The Fyzz Facility See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $11,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $33,800,859 Opening weekend US & Canada $161,558 Aug 6, 2017 Gross worldwide $43,980,821 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 47 minutes Color Color Sound mix Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.35 : 1 Related news Paramount+’s ‘Mayor of Kingstown’: TV Review Nov 12The Hollywood Reporter - Film + TV ‘Mayor Of Kingstown’ TV Review: Just Another Hyper-Masculine Crime Series From Taylor Sheridan Nov 11The Playlist Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Wind River (2017) in Canada?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.