Witness for the Prosecution (1957) - IMDb
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051201/?pf_rd_m=A2FGELUUNOQJNL&pf_rd_p=e31d89dd-322d-4646-8962-327b42fe94b1&pf_rd_r=J7PY189Y9V93VKW3E45A&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_t=15506&pf_rd_i=top&ref_=chttp_tt_63
Witness for the Prosecution (1957) - IMDb Menu Movies Release CalendarDVD & Blu-ray ReleasesTop Rated MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsIn TheatersComing SoonMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop Rated ShowsMost Popular ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV NewsIndia TV Spotlight Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsBest Picture WinnersBest Picture WinnersGolden GlobesEmmysHispanic & Latino VoicesSTARmeter AwardsSan Diego Comic-ConNew York Comic-ConSundance Film FestivalToronto Int'l Film FestivalAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Witness for the Prosecution 19571957 ApprovedApproved 1h 56m IMDb RATING 8.4/10 118K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,505 18 Cast & crew User reviews Trivia IMDbPro All topics Play trailer3:09 1 Video 99+ Photos CrimeDramaMystery A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise. IMDb RATING 8.4/10 118K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 3,505 18 Director Billy Wilder Writers Agatha Christie(in Agatha Christie's international stage success) Billy Wilder(screen play) Harry Kurnitz(screen play) Stars Tyrone Power Marlene Dietrich Charles Laughton Top credits Director Billy Wilder Writers Agatha Christie(in Agatha Christie's international stage success) Billy Wilder(screen play) Harry Kurnitz(screen play) Stars Tyrone Power Marlene Dietrich Charles Laughton See production, box office & company info 301User reviews 108Critic reviews See more at IMDbPro Top rated movie #63 Nominated for 6 Oscars 4 wins & 16 nominations total Videos1 Trailer 3:09 Trailer [OV] Photos328 Top cast Edit Tyrone Power Leonard Voleas Leonard Vole Marlene Dietrich Christineas Christine Charles Laughton Sir Wilfrid Robertsas Sir Wilfrid Roberts Elsa Lanchester Miss Plimsollas Miss Plimsoll John Williams Brogan-Mooreas Brogan-Moore Henry Daniell Mayhewas Mayhew Ian Wolfe Carteras Carter Torin Thatcher Mr. Myersas Mr. Myers Norma Varden Mrs. Emily Jane Frenchas Mrs. Emily Jane French Una O'Connor Janet MacKenzieas Janet MacKenzie Francis Compton Judgeas Judge Philip Tonge Inspector Hearneas Inspector Hearne Ruta Lee Dianaas Diana Patrick Aherne Court Officeras Court Officer (uncredited) Don Ames Bar Patronas Bar Patron (uncredited) Walter Bacon Bar Patronas Bar Patron (uncredited) Eddie Baker Courtroom Spectatoras Courtroom Spectator (uncredited) Benjie Bancroft Courtroom Spectatoras Courtroom Spectator (uncredited) Director Billy Wilder Writers Agatha Christie(in Agatha Christie's international stage success) Billy Wilder(screen play) Harry Kurnitz(screen play) All cast & crew See more cast details at IMDbPro More like this 8.4 Sunset Blvd. 8.3 Double Indemnity 8.4 Paths of Glory 8.3 The Apartment 8.4 Tengoku to jigoku 8.3 Vertigo 8.3 M - Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder 8.5 Rear Window 8.3 North by Northwest 8.4 Das Leben der Anderen 7.1 Witness for the Prosecution 8.2 Dial M for Murder Storyline Edit Ailing barrister Sir Wilfrid Robarts is thrust back into the courtroom in what becomes one of the most unusual and eventful murder case of the lawyer's career when he finds himself defending Leonard Vole, a man being tried for the murder of a wealthy woman. With Robarts choosing to represent him, the two find themselves up against Leonard's cold-hearted wife, Christine - who, in a surprising turn of events, chooses to appear in court against her husband. —Kyle Perez courtroom dramalawyerdefense attorneycourtroomtwist ending397 more Plot summary Plot synopsis Taglines The most electrifying entertainment of our time! Genres Crime Drama Mystery Thriller Certificate Approved Parents guide Did you know Edit Trivia Charles Laughton, who could be moody and difficult, was apparently a dream to work with, throwing himself into the role with dedication and delight. Billy Wilder later recalled a day that was set aside just for shooting reaction shots of the jury and courtroom crowd (composed of extras hired only for the day). Normally, the assistant director would read the actors' lines and the extras would react. However, Laughton, who was fascinated with the whole process of filmmaking, begged to help. So he came in on his day off and read all of the off-camera speeches for the jury members. He read not only his part, but also the judge's, the prosecutor's and even Marlene Dietrich's. According to biographer Maurice Zolotow in his book "Billy Wilder in Hollywood", the author said, "it was an exhibition of craftsmanship such as Wilder had never seen. He believes that Charles Laughton had the greatest technical range and power of any actor, man or woman, whom he has known." Goofs (at around 9 mins) Inside his chamber, Sir Wilfrid lights his cigar and Leonard Vole locks the door to make sure that Miss Plimsoll can't enter the room and catch him smoking. Later, (at around 15 mins) Wilfrid leaves his chamber without first unlocking the door. Actually, Vole does not lock the door, but puts the keyhole cover in place to stop Plimsoll spying through the keyhole. Quotes Sir Wilfrid: [getting progressively more agitated] The question is, Frau Helm, were you lying then, are you lying now, or are you not in fact a chronic and habitual LIAR! Crazy credits As the end credits appear on screen, an announcer's voice is heard: "The management of this theater suggests that for the greater entertainment of your friends who have not yet seen the picture you will not divulge to anyone the secret of the ending of Witness for the Prosecution." Connections Featured in Marlene (1984) Soundtracks I May Never Go Home Anymore Music by Ralph Arthur Roberts Lyrics by Jack Brooks Sung by Marlene Dietrich (uncredited) Reprised a cappella by Tyrone Power (uncredited) User reviews301 Review Top review 10/10 "I suspected something, but not that. Never that!" That's a quotation from the film and what you'll say at the conclusion. I saw it the first time 36 years ago back when network TV ran old movies late at night, and I'd never even heard of it. I thought it was a Hitchcock film with all of the unexpected twists, but no, the director was Billy Wilder. How surprised I was to see Wilder do Hitchcock better than Hitchcock ever could! The set-up is this - Leonard Vole (Tyrone Power) is an inventor that is having trouble getting his inventions to market. He befriends a wealthy older woman, one Emily French. She is obviously flirting with him, and Vole, though married, flirts back, his objective being that maybe she will financially back one of his inventions. Then disaster strikes. Emily French is found murdered. Vole is an obvious suspect because Mrs. French has just changed her will and left everything to Vole. There is circumstantial evidence pointing to Vole, and he says he knows nothing about the will. Enter barrister Sir Wilfred, the finest in England, whose doctor has told him he must quit work and go on a vacation because of his heart condition. Sir Wilfred talks to Vole, believes his story, and also talks to his wife, Christine (Marlene Dietrich) who backs up Leonard's story but comes across as somewhat cold to her husband's peril. Sir Wilfred is convinced to take the case and agrees to retire upon this last trial. Past that I cannot tell you any details or I'll ruin it for you. Everyone in the cast performs masterfully. Especially charming is the interaction between Laughton's character and his nurse played by his wife of then 28 years, Elsa Lanchester. They go back and forth at each other with Nurse Pimsoll insisting that Sir Wilfred keep his rigid schedule of medications and him treating her like a jailer with hilarious one liners at the poor woman's expense. Only a long married couple could do this feature length banter so well. If Nightmare Alley didn't convince you that Tyrone Power was more than a pretty face, this film will. Likewise, Marlene Dietrich is much more than a blue angel and a fine figure of a woman at age 56. Notice all of the little touches. How Sir Wilfred seems to be ignoring testimony in court by counting out his pills, only to stand up and ask insightful questions when his turn comes. Plus this film really shows that nothing is off the record, even if the judge says that it is - the jury hears and sees everything. Sir Wilfred plays on that fact. Great acting, great direction, great story - it doesn't get any better than this. Thus I give this a solid 10/10. And one irony - Power's character mentions several times about Sir Wilfred's heart, but it is Tyrone Power himself who will be dead of a heart attack by the end of the following year. Sadly, this is his last completed film. helpful•16 0 AlsExGal Sep 7, 2015 FAQ7 What is 'Witness for the Prosecution' about? Is "Witness for the Prosecution" based on a book? When and where does the story take place? Details Edit Release date February 6, 1958 (United States) Country of origin United States Languages English German Also known as 控方证人 Filming locations Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios - 10202 W. Washington Blvd., Culver City, California, USA Production company Edward Small Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $3,000,000 (estimated) Gross worldwide $7,693 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 56 minutes Color Black and White Aspect ratio 1.66 : 1 Related news Ira Glasser Oct 19Trailers from Hell Michael Sarnoski & Vanessa Block Jul 16Trailers from Hell Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Top Gap What is the streaming release date of Witness for the Prosecution (1957) in Brazil?Answer See more gaps Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos Hollywood Romances: Our Favorite Couples See the entire gallery 1:45 3 Hidden Gems for "Squid Game" Fans Watch the video Around the web Powered by Taboola Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb App Get the IMDb App Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo IMDb Developer Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © 1990-2021 by IMDb.com, Inc.